Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Kate Taylor Sep. 9, 2016, 4:54 PM 11,646 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Walmart is no longer selling Welspun's line of premium Egyptian cotton bed sheets after its supplier was unable to prove the sheets weren't knockoffs. Less than a month after Target announced it would offer refunds for customers who purchased Welspun's Egyptian cotton sheets, Walmart said it is also pulling Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds, reports Bloomberg. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Walmart spokesperson Marilee McInnis said in an e-mail on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." Any customer seeking a refund can bring their Welspun 100% Egyptian-cotton sheets into a Walmart location to receive a refund. Walmart sold 100% Egyptian cotton bedsheets under the Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy brands. The unsold Egyptian-cotton sheets that are being pull from shelves will be given to Good360, a non-profit that donates companies' excess merchandise to charities.  Target's announcement has set of a series of investigations into Egyptian cotton bed sheets. Target J.C. Penny and Bed Bath & Beyond are also investigating the credibility of their Welspun Egyptian cotton products.  Walmart's news adds credence to the theory that a large percentage of Egyptian cotton sold in the US is fake. While high-quality cotton can be grown around the world, cotton must be grown in Egypt in order to be considered real Egyptian cotton. "When you think about it, 1% of the world's crops are Egyptian cotton. You walk into any store, or look at any one of these websites and see they're all selling Egyptian cotton — it just doesn't add up," Scott Tannen, founder of luxury bedding startup Boll and Branch, told Business Insider in August. "I think [the Target case is] just at the tip of the iceberg." While Tannen has an interest in exposing fake Egyptian cotton, he isn't the only one suspicious of the industry. Earlier this year, the Cotton Egypt Association found that 90% of "Egyptian cotton" sold by retailers tested using a DNA-based authentication program did not contain any cotton produced in Egypt. The association at the time held up Welspun as a symbol of success — something that has clearly since been called into question. SEE ALSO: A Target worker's hilarious blog about customers is going viral — here are the best behind-the-scenes revelations NOW WATCH: Millennials' hatred of 'dealing with people' is a major threat to fast-food workers Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Target egyptian cotton sheets egyptian cotton welspun sheets walmart welspun sheets facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Walmart is no longer selling... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 4192 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device. Post to Facebook Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of Apple Inc Report: Apple considering making iPhones in U.S. The Drop for Nov. 16: weed at school, Apple's new toy and lost fast food faves You’ll now be able to play ‘Mario’ on your iPhone Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one Jennifer Jolly, Special for USA TODAY 4:40 a.m. MST September 9, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Ready for Apple's latest and greatest iPhone? Tech columnist Jennifer Jolly has tips on what to do with your old device. This thing is absolutely huge. (Photo: Reviewed.com / Kyle Looney) It happens every September like clockwork. Apple unveils a new smartphone, marking the unofficial start of the fall gadget season, and the official start of people everyone wanting the newest hottest handset. Before you fork over fistfuls of hard earned cash for the next new thing — here’s how to make  bank on what you already have lying around: Sell it to Apple Apple’s new iPhone trade-up program offers store gift cards for iPhone 4’s or newer models. Apple’s flat rates are more static than other trade-in options, which means you won’t likely see them shift much from day to day or week to week. However, the current prices for the iPhone 6 and later are some of the best around, with Apple offering as much as a $250 gift card for an iPhone 6 Plus in great condition. That’s less money than some of the other services, as you’ll read here in a second, but again, many other prices will drop dramatically over the next few days. (The company only accepts iPhones from whatever the previous generations might be though, so I’m out of luck with my 6S until the 7 arrives.) Sell it to a reseller Resellers such as Glyde and Gazelle are great picks again this year too. You go online and answer a few questions about what you have, they estimate how much they’ll pay you for it and send a box for you to mail it in. The last time I checked, Glyde offered $297 for a 64GB iPhone 6 in great condition. The site also warned that it expects prices to drop at least 15% by the time the new iPhone 7 comes out. That’s an issue across the board with many of these services if you don’t have another phone to use between now and getting the new one. USA TODAY What to expect (and what we want) from iPhone 7 Gazelle - Of all the bulk resellers, Gazelle is the most popular, and we’ve talked about it many times here before. Gazelle’s known for great trade-in values and fast payment turnaround times. All you have to do is select the phone, carrier, storage size, and condition from the easy-to-use trade-in tool and then wait for your pre-paid shipping box to arrive. Then, once you have your phone packed up, send it to Gazelle and wait for the cash to roll in. If you don’t want to worry about waiting for your phone to sell elsewhere or making a listing on an auction site, Gazelle is the ultimate no-brainer. If you have an iPhone 6s in decent condition, you can score hundreds of dollars for it. The exact amount will vary depending on the carrier and storage size — for example, a 16GB iPhone 6s on Verizon is worth $242 in excellent condition, but that same phone on T-Mobile is worth $238 — but as long as you’ve kept your phone in good shape, you can expect a solid lump of cash for it. If you have time to do some comparison shopping, double check the prices with Glyde, and others such as Nextworth, which runs a similar trade-in system, and see which one offers the most cash at the moment. uSell - You might not have heard of uSell, but if you’re determined to get the most for your phone you should definitely be considering it as an option. Unlike most other trade-in sites, uSell is actually a hub for many different resellers to attempt to outbid each other for your iPhone. These companies post their best offers on the site, and uSell organizes and matches you with whichever one is promising the best payout. Because of the competitive nature of the site, uSell’s prices can often exceed those on Gazelle and elsewhere, if only by a few bucks. USA TODAY Apple unveils iPhone 7, kills headphone jack Amazon - The world’s largest retailer got into the trade-in game a handful of years ago, and today it’s one of the most popular options. To get started, simply search for the iPhone model you own and see what prices are being offered. Chances are, the value will be similar to what is being offered elsewhere, but because Amazon also takes into account the color of your device, you might discover that your Rose Gold iPhone is worth a tad bit more than the Silver model with the same specs. Once you accept the trade-in offer, you can print a pre-paid shipping label and send the device out at your earliest convenience. The really nice thing about Amazon’s program is that once you lock in your trade-in price you have a full 30 days before Amazon expects it to arrive at their doorstep, which means you can use your phone for those precious couple of weeks until your brand new iPhone shows up. Walmart - If you hadn’t heard, Walmart is all about trade-ins these days, and the iPhone is no exception. You can browse the values for used iPhones on the Walmart site and see exactly how much they’re willing to pay you for your phone. Unlike most other trade-in options, Walmart’s criteria for a trade-in seem much more laid back, with only two quality options — either working or not — and no questions about the color of the device itself. You can trade in either online or in-store, but the one major drawback here is that you are paid in a Walmart gift card, rather than cash, which means you’ll have to buy your new iPhone from Walmart as well. Sell it yourself! If you’re no stranger to the likes of eBay and Craigslist, you might be able to get an even bigger payout than you could at any resale site or store. eBay specifically can be a great place to get lucky with bidders trying to outdo each other, but there’s also a very real risk of a bidder not paying for the phone once they’ve won an auction. That’s a risk for sure, but the reward is a potentially bigger bump in your bank account if it pans out. USA TODAY Incremental Apple should 'swing for the fences' As for Craigslist, there are some who absolutely love it, and if you list an iPhone you’re going to get plenty of attention. As always, try to price your device in line with what the resellers are offering to make sure you don’t get ripped off, and always make your exchange in a public place so you don’t fall victim to some punk trying to run off with your smartphone. Don’t forget to back it up and erase your info No matter how you choose to sell your phone, you should always keep your privacy and security top of mind, and that means wiping your device so that none of your personal info can be salvaged by the buyer. Here’s how to do it: First, sign out of your iCloud account by going into the Settings menu, selecting iCloud, and then tapping Sign Out. If you’re on an older iPhone which is still running iOS 7, you’ll tap Delete Account instead. Once that’s taken care of, go back into your Settings menu and select General, then Reset, and then tap Erase All Content and Settings. Verify your decision and then wait for your phone to wipe itself and reboot. The last step before parting ways with your iPhone is to remove the SIM card, which is located in a small slide-out panel on the side of the device. Find the SIM card slot and open it by inserting the SIM card removal tool into the small hole. If you don’t have a SIM card tool, a paperclip, thread end of a small needle (the more blunt part), or even an earring post (yep, just did it) work well too. Once the slot slides open, just remove the small card inside and close the SIM door again. Now it should be all ready for the next owner to make it their own! When all else fails, recycle responsibly. If your old iPhone isn’t worth the price of someone even paying postage for it, the Apple Renew program is an easy way to dispose of it securely and responsibly. Drop it off at an Apple store or ship it in — they make sure your personal data is destroyed — and then hand it off to Liam. According to Apple, Liam’s a freaky-awesome futuristic “line of robots than can disassemble an iPhone every 11 seconds.” It can also sift, sort, and save more high-quality components than previous methods, recycling more precious materials than ever before. While squirreling away old gadgets might just be a distant cousin to real hoarding — not serious enough yet to have its own reality TV show — there’s no reason to sit on a mountain of old devices. If you have questions, be sure to send us a note or use the comments below. Jennifer Jolly is an Emmy Award-winning consumer tech contributor and host of USA TODAY's digital video show TECH NOW. E-mail her at techcomments@usatoday.com. Follow her on Twitter @JenniferJolly. 4192 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu Apple Inc Report: Apple considering making iPhones in U.S. Eli Blumenthal The Drop for Nov. 16: weed at school, Apple's new toy and lost fast food faves Stephen J. Beard / IndyStar You’ll now be able to play ‘Mario’ on your iPhone Time Does Apple want to take a bite out of digital glasses? USA TODAY NETWORK Tech asks Trump to back encryption that protects from 'repressive governments' Elizabeth Weise Apple's newest product is, gasp, a book. Yes, on paper. And it's $300. Eli Blumenthal This story is part of Apple Inc Report: Apple considering making iPhones in U.S. The Drop for Nov. 16: weed at school, Apple's new toy and lost fast food faves You’ll now be able to play ‘Mario’ on your iPhone
Home Subscribe Manage Login Logout News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Weather Traffic Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads Today's Paper 78° Weather | Traffic Login | Activate Account | Manage Account | Logout | Today's Paper Today's Paper, also known as the e-Edition, is an online replica of the printed newspaper. You can view today's paper or previous issues. Want full access? Subscribe News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads 78° Sections Subscription Manage Account Download the new TCPalm app Indian River County Indian River County deputies investigating body found in woods Posted: Sept. 10, 2016 0 Comments SHARE By Nicholas Samuel of TCPalm Posted: Sept. 10, 2016 0 INDIAN RIVER COUNTY — Deputies are investigating a body found Saturday in the woods near Wal-Mart and Applebee's restaurant on State Road 60, said Lt. Eric Flowers, spokesman for the Indian River County Sheriff's Office. A Wal-Mart delivery truck driver pulled in behind the store in the 5500 block of 20th Street when he smelled a terrible smell, Flowers said. The driver walked into the woods on the side of Wal-Mart, found the body and called 911 at 4:30 p.m. The wooded area also is behind the Applebee's restaurant. No signs of foul play are reported and the body is too decomposed to determine a cause of death, Flowers said. The deceased appears to be a homeless man from the clothing found on the body, Flowers said. An autopsy will be performed on the body next week. No more information was available Saturday.   About Nicholas Samuel Nick Samuel is a multimedia journalist for TCPalm.com and Treasure Coast Newspapers who covers breaking news in the afternoons, evenings and weekends across the Treasure Coast. @JournalistNickS nicholas.samuel@tcpalm.com 772-221-4235 0 Share Tweet Email Print News Sections News Home Indian River County Martin County Crime Indian River Lagoon Education State News World News Health News Reader Photos/Videos Obituaries St. Lucie County Photo Galleries Investigations Shaping Our Future Politics National News Strange News YourNews Submit to TCPalm Photo Galleries Fire reported at Islamic Center of Fort Pierce 9/11 remembrance ceremony in Fellsmere Memorial Blue Mass in Jensen Beach September 11th service in Fort Pierce Sandi Paws Pet & People Walk-a-thon Pet Parade in Fort Pierce IRC Intergenerational Recreation Center open house in Vero Beach High School Football: South Fork vs. Palm Beach Lakes High School Football: Fort Pierce Central vs. Clewiston High School Football: Palm Beach Gardens vs. Vero Beach 2nd annual Pack The House at Treasure Coast Food Bank On Sept. 11, 1944, Pietro “Peter” Romano was shot down by the Nazis High School Football: Jensen Beach vs. Fort Pierce Westwood Video Updates Follow us on Twitter Tweets by @TCPalm Now Trending Cleanup of Fort Pierce H.D. King Power Plant sparks redevelopment questions Martin, St. Lucie County public records: Oct. 10 Fired Port St. Lucie City Attorney Pam Booker lands controversial new job and big paycheck News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Newsletters Useful Links Submit Your Stuff Legal Notices Print Ads Newspaper Archive About Us Contact Us Legal Info Advertise with Us Jobs at TCP We Sponsor the Treasure Coast Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad Kindle Android © 2016 TC Palm PRIVACY POLICY/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Terms of Use
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Brooklyn completes Route 6 sidewalks, school roof project Saturday Sep 10, 2016 at 6:50 PM Sep 10, 2016 at 6:50 PM Francesca Kefalas For The Bulletin BROOKLYN — First Selectman Rick Ives can’t help but smile when he’s asked about two projects the town has been trying to complete for years. For the first time in a long time, Ives doesn’t haven’t to explain the latest delay in completing 900-feet of sidewalks to connect Wal-Mart to the rest of the Route 6 commercial district or the issues with putting a new room on the Rose Wing roof at Brooklyn Elementary School. “They’re done,” Ives said. “And they both came in under budget.” Ives is coming to the end of his third year in office. The sidewalks have been on his agenda since he took office, but they discussed before the Wal-Mart was built. Wal-Mart opened in November 2013, the same month Ives was elected. Between the time the store opened and Christmas of that year, three pedestrians were hit in the area. None of the accidents were serious. The sidewalks are on a state road and in early 2014 the Northeast Connecticut Council of Governments won a $300,000 grant for the project. Ives said the bid for the project came in at $98,000. “It’s actually a little embarrassing how off the estimate was,” Ives said. Selectman Joe Voccio said he’s walked to Wal-Mart three times in the two weeks since the sidewalks have been completed. “The nice thing is I saw my first person in a wheelchair using the sidewalk and they didn’t have to be in the road,” Voccio said. “It's doing exactly what we hoped it would do.” “I just saw my first baby carriage being pushed along the sidewalks,” Ives said. “It’s good to see.” Laura Santos said she’s happy the sidewalks are done. She has teenagers at home and it’s nice to know they can walk safely to the store. The Rose Wing roof was completed just before school began Aug. 31. In June 2014 the annual town meeting approved a $65,000 allocation for the project, yet it languished because of changing state regulations. Selectman Bob Kelleher became chairman of the building committee and was able to guide the project through the state regulations. Ives said the final inspection for the roof has not been done, but he expects the final cost of the project at about $35,000. “And we got a little extra work done than we had first intended,” Ives said.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Login | Join Apps Facebook Twitter Radio Live 3Now View Shows ° ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Paul Henry Weekdays 6am Newshub Live Nightly 6pm Story Mon-Fri 7pm Newshub Late Mon-Fri 10:30pm The Nation Sat 9:30am / Sun 10am NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather Online Radio Live Catch up on 3 Now TV Shows Crime Education Americas Europe Asia Africa Middle East Australia/Pacific Politics Health Cricket League Netball Basketball Motorsports Rugby Football Golf Tennis Other sports Markets Energy North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Breaking News Walmart slammed for Twin Towers Coke display Sunday 11 Sep 2016 9:40 a.m. Share this story A Walmart store in Florida has been slammed online for a tasteless Coca-Cola display resembling the World Trade Center's Twin Towers, which were brought down in the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Sunday marks 15 years since two hijacked planes flew into New York's tallest buildings, bringing them to the ground and killing thousands. A photo of the display shared on Twitter quickly gained thousands of retweets and outraged reactions that the tragic event was being used to sell Coke. A banner above the stack of soft drink boxes, with the Walmart and Coca Cola logos, said: "We will never forget." The display, which has been removed, was designed and created by Coca-Cola, Walmart spokesperson Charles Crowson told local media. "This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization's upcoming event," Coca-Cola spokeswoman Kimberly Kuo told CNBC. Walmart has been known for its questionable US holiday displays. One store marked Independence Day with a battleship made of Bud Light beer boxes, and for Veteran's Day another store made a soft-drink display in the shape of a bald eagle. Newshub. Bald eagles fight it out over storm drain Convoluted US election system explained Patrick Gower meets Obama's biggest fan in Miami Donald Trump no working class hero, says Barack Obama Trump supporters flood Florida as gap closes on Clinton #Florida #Coca Cola #Americas #Food Share this story Most popular Year without Jonah ' toughest year of our lives' US Navy welcomed with roaring haka Kiwis deliver emotive haka to Liverpool players 'I'm not a hip hop artist' - Aaradhna refuses award Trending 'I'm not a hip hop artist' - Aaradhna refuses award 93pct chance of magnitude 6+ aftershock - GeoNet Child dies at Auckland childcare facility Police 'concerned' 11yo's attacker still on the loose US Navy welcomed with roaring haka New Zealand World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather RSS Contact   |   Privacy Policy   |   Advertise with us   |   Copyright © 2016 MediaWorks TV. All Rights Reserved. Version BED 2.8.30.1356
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video More Weather Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 33 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mailbag, Sept. 11: Ban political demonstrations; country is sick Does anyone really believe that police want to kill young black men? Post to Facebook Mailbag, Sept. 11: Ban political demonstrations; country is sick Does anyone really believe that police want to kill young black men?  Check out this story on news-press.com: http://newspr.es/2cOGHsp {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 27 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Mailbag, Sept. 11: Ban political demonstrations; country is sick mailbag@news-press.com 5:02 p.m. EDT September 10, 2016 Foreign policy cartoon by Doug MacGregor (Photo: Doug MacGregor/News-Press) NFL, NBA should ban political demonstration In regard to Colin Kaepernick's refusal to stand for the National Anthem, I think that the NFL and the NBA should ban political demonstration like this. These millionaire athletes should investigate the whole "black lives matter" movement, its a complete fraud, please show me all this prejudice, bias and racism. I never see it. The black community continually complains, but show me, I see the opposite, black racism against whites. Lets get real. Does anyone really believe that police want to kill young black men? - Moe Sinclair, Cape Coral Maybe Warner has lost his moral bearings Concerning Dan Warner’s commentary last weekend on the Kaepernick issue, he stated, “The issue exists only in small minds and the greed of the TV idiots." He then went on a rant of oppressed people and slavery and the downtrodden. He concludes his piece with “Lets forget the debate about what he did and honor him for why he did it." To accuse the majority of Americans to be small-mindedness is hateful and totally disrespectful of our country and all those who made it great and exceptional and those who defended it with their lives and fortunes. If Mr. Warner wants to honor Kaepernick for what he did and “sit with this good man,” he is welcome to do so but he shouldn’t expect hundreds of millions of patriotic Americans to join him. I think Warner’s remarks are spiteful and sarcastic and below a journalist with his credentials. Maybe Mr. Warner has lost his moral bearings and is no linger fit for the job. As for Kaepernick, I and millions of others still think he is a jerk. - Larry Brinegar, Fort Myers Country is sick Just got through reading an article in the News-Press about a Wal-Mart store in Panama City Beach. Seems as though the Wal-Mart manager and the local Coca-Cola bottler thought it would be appropriate to honor local firefighters and support an upcoming event for their organization. A display of Coca-Cola products was arranged to look like the World Trade Center Towers built from Coke Zero products. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner above the display read “We Will Never Forget." Someone found this display offensive and as a result, Wal-Mart and the Coca-Cola bottler agreed to remove the display. Wal-Mart stated, “the display was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attack."  Wal-Mart commented further, “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display ... we sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display." Pray tell why any red-blooded, patriotic American would be offended at such a display. No American should ever forget this incident. Obviously Wal-Mart doesn’t hold this incident in very high regard after all. Just one more example of people caving to the minority complaints because of perceived political correctness. Who complained, Wal-Mart’s Muslim customers? - Richard West, Cape Coral Safety net Mr. Trump makes us feel good when he assures us that if he is elected we will have the strongest military in the world. He fails to say who will pay for this. It's not likely that he will. We can't count on the many multinational companies who do business in our country and currently pay no taxes. These same corporations provide the money that members of Congress must have to become elected. It affects the way Congress votes. If we had a constitutional amendment that limited donations to $1, Congress would be beholden to "the many."  Our constitution allows a constitutional convention to be convened when 2/3 of the state legislatures ask Congress for it.  Perhaps if the News-Press and other papers support this idea, it would not take long to turn our country around. - Sylvia Richey, Fort Myers Thank you for your service How do you answer when someone says “Thank you for your service?” Here is how I respond: “Thank you. I am proud to have the opportunity to serve.” - Willis K. Smith, North Fort Myers Power of words Words ... Mr. Pitts is still confused about the power of words. Mr. Parker spoke those words. He didn't just misspeak. They are his once spoken. They condemn him the minute they left his mouth. Now you as usual will find some grounds to excuse him. That is not possible for a moral man. You take it further making comparison similar comparing a bird with a stone and hope that once again you can get sly comments in comparing Mr. Parker's comments vs. two others who happen to be white. When will you ever realize all the nonsense you just espoused is divisive. It also pushes those who aren't for Mr. Trump into being for him. Your comparisons could have been directed elsewhere and been more fair and effective. You keep forgetting the "power of words" which lead to phrases which induce thought. Let us not forget what should have been mentioned. Mr. Parker is in the pursuit of recognition, fame and money. Just as Mr. Trump is. It is called the American dream. Keep on writing, it may help you become unbiased. - Bob Harris, North Fort Myers Sick of Hillary's Bin Laden tale Folks, I am just like Bernie Sanders, who is tired of Hillary's e-mail scandal, however it' not the e-mails that I'm tired about, it is the over and over again tales spun by Hillary over sending troops in to take out Bin Laden. I have seen these pictures 10s of times, with Hillary sitting without saying a word and now has said she was the one that pushed for the troops going in to get Bin Laden. Hillary, if you want to impress the folks about your great commander-in-chief abilities, why don't you tell us again about the time you were under enemy fire. Or better yet tell us about your pushing the CIA to arm rebels in Syria for your regime change and how well that has turned out. You could tell us it was your great intellect and knowledge of world views that you used after sending your senior advisers to Syria in 2011 and how your decisions were made to send in the CIA to help the rebels overthrow Assad. We all know how  your great knowledge and experience has helped the Syrian folks. I would think the voters would want to know how your great  knowledge of the world, your experiences at regime changes and your combat experience would make you a great commander in chief. - Leo Amos, Matlacha Huge boondoggle I just heard the Village of Estero is planning on taking over the roads from the county. Are these people nuts? Don't they understand the complexity of maintaining a road system and the economy of scale when you have the county doing it? If they really want to do this, put it out on a referendum and let us vote for it. It just sounds like a huge boondoggle to me. These people are letting a little power go to their heads. - Greg Fretwell, Estero Home repair When you have a problem with your house, what do you do? You examine the available fixes and do the most logical fix. Mr. Trump has asked the black voter for his support. In return, he has promised to work at rebuilding the inner cities and the neglect they have suffered under years of Democratic leadership. The American taxpayers have thrown enormous amounts of cash at the problem with little results. More of the same won't fix our house. What can be done with a large poorly educated black male population to bring them hope and a path to achievement is a daunting task. If we can rebuild foreign nations, we can figure this out. Different schools, massive training, but most of all, new jobs.The voters will decide if Trump can do this. We as a people cannot continue to let this problem rot our home. We need to clean out the crime first to allow people access to work in a safe place first. A better educated and affluent black family is just what America needs. Less crime, less taxes, better living conditions all would spring from such an outcome. White America has supported programs to fix the problems that have utterly failed, an example is the need for charter schools, a patch fix. We need to support a different direction in Donald Trump. I say to the white voter, what do you have to lose? - Walter J Sivigny, Cape Coral How could so many support Trump? How can so many people could actually vote for a miserably rude, arrogant, unprepared, dishonest wannabe? It seems that a third to half this nation will be voting for a man who is the logical conclusion to the Republican campaigns of racial divisiveness, glorification of ignorance, and character assassination of decent, well-meaning people. He is the alpha male for every alpha-aspiring beta male. Clinton's detractors call her a liar but don't seem to care that Trump is a pathological liar. Trump lies about 70 percent of the time, while Clinton tells the truth about 70 percent of the time. His supporters cannot have failed to notice this and yet they continue to support him. Anything reality-based said to them would sound like an insult, merely because it's true. I say to them, if you have no clue what the hell is going on, you also have a civic duty to avoid subjecting the rest of us to your ignorance. - Steve Wolfson, Fort Myers Fix the drainage problems Someone needs to fact check the mailbag submissions. John Nichols’ message to the voters is not factual. Emotional yes, but factually flawed. Governor Scott and Marco Rubio did not vote in the Florida House or Florida Senate to divert money anywhere. Marco Rubio is a U.S. senator. Mr. Nichols’ claims are the same over-used allegations that the Republicans are to blame for water discharges and that the Democrats are going to solve the problem by kicking farmers off their land and by flooding the Everglades with the runoff from central Florida. Wake up. The water issue is not a political party problem. If anything, it is a population problem. Too many people, too much concrete and nowhere for the water to go. The political problem is that the pols want more and more people to move to Florida. We should not build another house or another mall or another golf course in Florida until we have a place to put the runoff. Fix the drainage problem. Maybe we should send all the water to Disney World and make it an underwater park. - David M. Hendrickson, Fort Myers Health of our waters most important issue While the race for the presidency is a freak show, I want to really put the screws to our local and state reps for the tragedy that is the overflow from Lake O. When I take friends out on the boat, I would boast that the water was as beautiful as the Caribbean. The dolphins, rays, jacks, and manatees would be performing right on cue for guests. Better than Disney! Now, the only things in the water are dead fish, debris and scum. The water quality is a mixture of iced tea and sea foam. Not much to be proud of at this point. It wont be long before the tourists who pay many of the bills and stimulate the economy will find new places to spend their money. Places like the the Panhandle, Jacksonville, and Nashville have much to offer. The local election should be focused on two issues and only two issues, the health of our water system and the economy that feeds off the very waters that are dying in front of our eyes. So, right now, ask the question, when will you shut off the overflow from Lake O? Hillary, Donald, who cares, my grandkids want to go boating again. - Jack Holt, Cape Coral Ocean an important asset We have been coming to the Gulf Coast for the last 15 years and always appreciated the clear water. These past few years the water quality has severely worsened, no clear blue waters any longer. There are days where you cannot see the bottom and the water is smelly. Wake up Florida, the beautiful oceans are one of your most important and precious resources. We already noticed that fewer and fewer people are at the beaches. What will Florida do without the tourists? Locals tell us that they do not get into the water anymore, and yet all the tourist information published suggests that everything is fine and dandy. Again, wake up before it is too late, Florida depends on tourism, and remember, there are many other, safer places to visit. - Christa Peterson, Bonita Springs 33 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 27 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/2cOGHsp TOP VIDEOS Punchlines: All politics, no Trump 3:17 Punchlines: Trump team's rocky transition 2:39 Punchlines: The fallout of a Trump election 4:04 Punchlines: And the presidential transition begins 4:19 Punchlines: It's almost over. Who needs a Xanax? 3:51 Punchlines: It's the FBI all over again 3:29 More Stories Mailbag for Nov. 18: post-Trump comments; supporting Dr. Sal Nov. 17, 2016, 10:14 a.m. Taking the Floridian into California Nov. 17, 2016, 9:46 a.m. Seeking People of the Year nominations Nov. 16, 2016, 3:13 p.m.
null
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home Business Companies Walmart sourcing non-Egyptian cotton products: Welspun Walmart sourcing non-Egyptian cotton products: Welspun The B K Goenka-led company further said, "The product line in question with Walmart accounts for around 1.5 per cent of our business." By: PTI | Mumbai | Published:September 10, 2016 8:44 pm The Amercian retail giant was quick to add that it isn’t cutting ties with Welspun. Instead, it is working with Welspun to implement strong controls and better label the products. (AP Photo File) Home linen major Welspun, which was caught in trouble recently after some of its major US clients stopped sourcing its products, on Saturday said Walmart will continue to source from it barring those products made of Egyptian cotton. Walmart in August followed fellow US retailer Target in recalling Welspun bedsheets and pillow covers after it came to light that the home linen it sold saying as made of Egyptian cotton were not in fact made from the premium yarn typical of the West Asian nation. Walmart used to sell Welspun’s sheets and pillow cases under the labels of Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. In a BSE filing on Saturday, Welspun India, which has appointed consultancy firm E&Y to look into the alleged lapses, said, “Walmart has assured us to do business together. We are working to implement stronger controls and to better label the products we supply to them.” The B K Goenka-led company further said, “The product line in question with Walmart accounts for around 1.5 per cent of our business.” “We take the current traceability concerns around some of our product lines very seriously, and have been working closely with our retailer partners to support their actions towards a comprehensive resolution programme,” Welspun said. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened The Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart on the other hand said in a separate statement that “Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund.” The Amercian retail giant was quick to add that it isn’t cutting ties with Welspun. Instead, it is working with Welspun to implement strong controls and better label the products. The Egyptian cotton product portfolio accounts for 6 per cent of Welspun’s annual business. The company posted total net sales of Rs 5,387.66 crore in 2015-16. The problem started after Egypt began to report massive drop in cotton production. As per reports, it produced just 1 per cent of the global cotton last year. The US-based retail chain Bed Bath & Beyond and JC Penny are also conducting third-party audit of items sourced from Welspun, following lapses in supplies by the Gujarat-based firm to Target. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaBanks open on Saturday, but only senior citizens can exchange old notes IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation IndiaDemonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Prime Minister Theresa May tells Germany: Brexit preparations are ‘on track’ India’s No First Use policy on nuclear weapon ‘ambiguous’: Pakistan India vs England, stats: Virat Kohli scores fourth highest Test score against England at home More academics, mayors detained as Turkish purges enter fifth month At least 32 people arrested for drinking liquor in public places in Delhi                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Walmart sourcing non-Egyptian cotton products: Welspun Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 10, 2016 09:10 PM IST Home linen major Welspun, which was caught in trouble recently after some of its major US clients stopped sourcing its products, on Saturday said Walmart will continue to source from it barring those products made of Egyptian cotton. Walmart last month followed fellow US retailer Target in recalling Welspun bedsheets and pillow covers after it came to light that the home linen it sold saying as made of Egyptian cotton were not in fact made from the premium yarn typical of the West Asian nation. Walmart used to sell Welspun's sheets and pillow cases under the labels of Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. In a BSE filing on Saturday, Welspun India, which has appointed consultancy firm E&Y to look into the alleged lapses, said, "Walmart has assured us to do business together. We are working to implement stronger controls and to better label the products we supply to them." The B K Goenka-led company further said, "The product line in question with Walmart accounts for around 1.5 per cent of our business." "We take the current traceability concerns around some of our product lines very seriously, and have been working closely with our retailer partners to support their actions towards a comprehensive resolution programme," Welspun said. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart on the other hand said in a separate statement that Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. "While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund," it added. The Amercian retail giant was quick to add that it isn't cutting ties with Welspun. Instead, it is working with Welspun to implement strong controls and better label the products. The Egyptian cotton product portfolio accounts for 6 per cent of Welspun's annual business. The company posted total net sales of Rs 5,387.66 crore in the financial year 2015-16. The problem started after Egypt began to report massive drop in cotton production. According to reports, it produced just 1 per cent of the global cotton last year. The US-based retail chain Bed Bath & Beyond and JC Penny are also conducting third-party audit of items sourced from Welspun, following lapses in supplies by the Gujarat-based firm to Target. Last month, Target Corporation, after extensive investigation, confirmed that Welspun substituted another type of non-Egyptian cotton when producing bedsheets and pillow cases between August 2014 and July 2016. The retailer had said that as soon as its investigation confirmed the substitution, it pulled all remaining product from Target stores and Target.Com and offered the customers full refund. Target said it would end all business with Welspun, one of the world's biggest textile manufacturers, as the vendor was sending it phony Egyptian-cotton sheets. Sales to Target was around $90 million in the FY 2015-16 for Welspun and accounted for almost 10 per cent of its overall business. A Welspun spokesman said on Saturday that the total Egyptian cotton-based sales constituted only about 6 per cent of its $900 million sales. Others among top five of Welspun's customers like Bed Bath and Beyond and JC Penny had said they would also review the matter. Welspun is the biggest exporter of terry towels and bed linen to the US and the company says every fifth towel sold in the US is made by it and two-thirds of its total business comes from the American markets. After Target's recall in mid-August, Welspun's shares tanked by 47 per cent and touched a low of Rs 46.50 on August 30. But since then it has recovered to Rs 59.10 and the share closed at Rs 56.60 on Friday on the BSE. Customers pay a premium for Egyptian cotton products because they are perceived to be softer and more durable. Sheets made from cotton grown in other countries don't always carry the same cachet among Americans. Walmart is one of Welspun's largest customers, while Target, JC Penney, Macy's Inc, Bed Bath and Beyond Inc are also leading customers. According to the US agriculture department, Egypt produced just under 1 per cent of global cotton last year. According to the Egypt Cotton Association, which licences the trademark and certifies suppliers, 90 per cent of products labelled as 'Egyptian cotton' are inauthentic. The $3-billion Welspun Group has interests in textiles, steel, pipes, energy and infrastructure. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Trump's daughter sits in on landmark Japan PM talks 1,302 solid, liquid waste management projects approved in Har European leaders, Obama vow to hold fast to NATO Scrapped currencies were impacting transparency of economy: Exhibition on temples of Kashmir in Jammu [ more ] Top Stories Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? No note exchange at banks tomorrow; senior citizens exempted Demonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps Navy rubbishes Pakistani claim of blocking Indian submarine Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News Planys Technologies launches second underwater robot IDFC Bank facilitates cashless transactions at local mandi Demonetisation: Shortage of engineers responsible for the big ATM mess? Public finds demonetisation both boon and bane: Survey Pinarayi Vijayan leads protest against curbs on co-op banks [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THcKDH Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Travel Blogs Photos Videos Property TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Mumbai Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News Home » City » Mumbai Walmart sourcing non-Egyptian cotton products: Welspun Mumbai, Sep 10 () Home linen major Welspun, which was caught in trouble recently after some of its major US clients stopped sourcing its products, today said Walmart will continue to source from it barring those products made of Egyptian cotton.PTI | Sep 10, 2016, 08.10 PM IST Mumbai, Sep 10 () Home linen major Welspun, which was caught in trouble recently after some of its major US clients stopped sourcing its products, today said Walmart will continue to source from it barring those products made of Egyptian cotton. Walmart last month followed fellow US retailer Target in recalling Welspun bedsheets and pillow covers after it came to light that the home linen it sold saying as made of Egyptian cotton were not in fact made from the premium yarn typical of the West Asian nation. Walmart used to sell Welspun's sheets and pillow cases under the labels of Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. In a BSE filing today, Welspun India, which has appointed consultancy firm E&Y to look into the alleged lapses, said, "Walmart has assured us to do business together. We are working to implement stronger controls and to better label the products we supply to them." The B K Goenka-led company further said, "The product line in question with Walmart accounts for around 1.5 per cent of our business." "We take the current traceability concerns around some of our product lines very seriously, and have been working closely with our retailer partners to support their actions towards a comprehensive resolution programme," Welspun said. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart on the other hand said in a separate statement that "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." The Amercian retail giant was quick to add that it isn't cutting ties with Welspun. Instead, it is working with Welspun to implement strong controls and better label the products. The Egyptian cotton product portfolio accounts for 6 per cent of Welspun's annual business. The company posted total net sales of Rs 5,387.66 crore in 2015-16. The problem started after Egypt began to report massive drop in cotton production. As per reports, it produced just 1 per cent of the global cotton last year. The US-based retail chain Bed Bath & Beyond and JC Penny are also conducting third-party audit of items sourced from Welspun, following lapses in supplies by the Gujarat-based firm to Target. (More) BEN KRK JM Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Kejriwal only wants 'yes men': Navjot Sidhu In Mumbai, Reliance Jio sim cards selling in black As the D-day of Reliance Jio+ 's launch draws near, the excitement is palpable among Mumbaikars. Dealers are reporting huge inquiries after Jio's chieftain Mukesh Ambani announced free voice calls and data services on its network from September 5 till December 31. Clock ticking, Trump finds himself in an ever-deeper hole Anupriya Patel locks up contractor, CPWD official inside home over delay in work In a bizarre incident, a Central Public Works Department (CPWD) junior engineer and a contractor claimed that they were locked up inside the house of Minister of state for health and family welfare Anupriya Patel for delay in performing a job assigned to them. Watch: Security forces defuse IED in Chhattisgarh Security forces defused an improvised explosive device (IED) in Chhattisgarh, through controlled explosion. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7welspun insteadWelspunwalmartVisakhapatnamsouth asian minorities lawyer s association Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Mumbai Mumbai Travel Guide How to reach Mumbai Get to know Mumbai Hotels in Mumbai Restaurants in Mumbai Places to visit in Mumbai Things to do in Mumbai Shopping in Mumbai Nightlife in Mumbai Weekend getaways from Mumbai Itineraries Mumbai Map Mumbai Photos Haunted Places in Mumbai Beaches In Mumbai Mumbai To Goa Flights Mumbai To Bangalore Flights Mumbai To Kolkata Flights From our Global Partners 25 special bus services for Mount Mary Festival on Sunday morning 4 more special trains to Ratnagiri for Ganpati festival Rail block may lead to cancellations of few late night trains Kapil Sharma's bribe charge backfires, BMC points at more violations Graft is all-pervasive in Mumbai civic bureaucracy Beware of this waiter who’d run away with your debit/credit card Kapil Sharma destroying mangroves: MNS neta Man can seek wife’s test to show they never had sex: Bombay HC Man can seek wife’s med test to prove they never had sex: HC 1Walmart sourcing non-Egyptian cotton products: Welspun 225 special bus services for Mount Mary Festival on Sunday morning 34 more special trains to Ratnagiri for Ganpati festival 4Rail block may lead to cancellations of few late night trains 5Kapil Sharma's bribe charge backfires, BMC points at more violations 6Graft is all-pervasive in Mumbai civic bureaucracy 7Beware of this waiter who’d run away with your debit/credit card 8Kapil Sharma destroying mangroves: MNS neta 9Man can seek wife’s test to show they never had sex: Bombay HC 10Man can seek wife’s med test to prove they never had sex: HC About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web New Cars | Real Estate | Cricket News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Compare Mobile Phones | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App Trending Topics Best of Savdhaan India | Kamasutra | Beauty Care | Recipes | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends iPhone 7 Launched Rupee down 12 paise against dollar in early trade Sensex extends losses, down 60 points on US rate hike concerns iPhone 7 Specifications Dozens killed as Turkey ramps up Syria offensive Beyonce to perform at 2016 MTV Video Music Awards iPhone 7 Price Donald Trump vows to begin deportations immediately if sworn in Trupti Desai offers prayers at Haji Ali Dargah Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
null
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Mail Today US Elections Digital India Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News PTI feed facbook twitter googlepluse Walmart stops selling Welspuns Egyptian cotton products PTI  Follow @PTI_News   pti@intoday.com September 10, 2016 | UPDATED 17:55 IST A +A - New Delhi, Sep 10 (PTI) Global retail giant Walmart has stopped selling Welspun Indias Egyptian cotton products, a fortnight after another US retail giant Target Corporation terminated contract with the Gujarat-based textiles maker over alleged lapses in its products supply. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund," Walmart Spokesperson said in a statement. It further said: "Walmart is working with Welspun to implement strong controls and better label the products they supply to us." Welspun India, which has appointed consultancy firm Ernst & Young to look into the alleged lapses, however said in a BSE filing: "Welspun and Walmart will continue to do business together. Welspun in working to implement stronger control and better label the products we supply." The company further said: "The product line in question with Walmart accounts for approximately 1.5 per cent of Welspuns business." The Egyptian cotton product portfolio which has come under scanner accounts for 6 per cent of its annual business, it added. The company had posted a total net sales of Rs 5,387.66 crore in the 2015-16. US-based retail chain Bed Bath & Beyond and JCPenny are also conducting third party audit of items sourced from Welspun India, following lapses in supplies by the Gujarat-based firm to the US-based Target. Last month, Target Corporation after an extensive investigation, confirmed that Welspun substituted another type of on-Egyptian cotton when producing Bed sheets and pillows between August 2014 and July 2016. The retailer had said as soon as its investigation confirmed the substitution, it pulled all remaining product from Target stores and Target.com. Sales to Target Corp was approximately USD 90 million in 2015-16 for Welspun India and accounted for almost 10 per cent of its overall business. PTI SVK RKL ABI   This is unedited, unformatted feed from the Press Trust of India wire.   # Welspun Indias Egyptian# retail giant Walmart# Egyptian cotton# retail giant Target# Target Corporation# PTI SVK RKL# Walmart Spokesperson# Gujarat-based textiles maker# better label# Walmart accounts   Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Society Andhra Pradesh: Fire at Walmart Best Price store in Vijaywada under control Services are currently being offered through Guntur Best Price Store and the best price website. Asmita Sarkar   September 10, 2016 14:25 IST A major fire broke out at Walmart Best Price store in Vijaywada, Andhra Pradesh possibly due to short circuit. Pictured: General view of a Walmart store.Reuters A fire broke out at a Walmart wholesale shop, Best Price Store, at Vijaywada in Andhra Pradesh on Saturday. The fire was later brought under control.  Andhra Pradesh: Fire breaks out in Walmart wholesale outlet in Vijayawada, fire tenders reach the spot. Ops underway pic.twitter.com/XQwxH1bQkD— ANI (@ANI_news) September 10, 2016 "A fire broke at our Best Price store premises in Vijaywada earlier today. State Fire authorities quickly reached the store and have brought it under control," a company spokesperson said. "We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter," he added.  Why advertise with us? Related Walmart may sell food in India through online and offline stores Bangladesh: At least 21 dead in Dhaka factory blast The spokesperson also said that services are currently being offered through Guntur Best Price Store and the best price website.  A large section of the store had been engulfed in fire. Officials believe that the incident took place due to a short circuit.  The store was set up a couple of years ago and is one of the first of 20 Best Price wholesale stores opened by Walmart in India. At least 50 such stores are planned to be set up across India in the next few years.    Post Comment IBT TV Close Historic FARC peace deal rejected by Colombians in knife-edge result Why advertise with us? Latest News Multi-Agency Group to probe Indians named in Panama Papers: Centre tells SC 3 minutes ago By Pranshu Rathee Navy's speed boat catches fire, two non-naval staff injured 15 minutes ago By Aditya Bhat Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Jayalalithaa still in respiratory support for infection treatment Dr Richard Beale has been flown in from London to treat Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa. Fake messages attributed to PM Modi on rise as tensions with Pakistan escalate The PMO has even tweeted warning messages asking social media users to not fall prey to such fake posts. Women marries grandfather, says their bond is 'strong' The realisation dawned on them three months after they tied the knot. Hoax busted: Jayalalithaa's 'ICU photo' is fake; here are 5 reasons to prove it "Puratchi Thalaivi Amma will be in hospital for a few more days - Apollo Hospital," tweets AIADMK. Jayalalithaa health update: Thol Thirumavalavan tells media she's recovering well Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa was admitted to Apollo Hospitals on September 22 and has been having a stream of visitors since. Om Puri's controversial statement on Indian soldiers draws negative social media response During a chat show, Puri insulted the Border Security Force soldier Nitin Kumar, who sacrificed his life in Baramulla attacks on October 2. 2 terrorists killed in Baramulla Army camp attack One BSF soldier also succumbed to injuries and another injured in the first terror attack after the Indian Army's surgical strikes last week. 10 coaches of Jhelum Express derail near Ludhiana; trains cancelled Around four trains travelling on the same route have been cancelled due to the derailment. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | Cities COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Huge Fire At Walmart Store Near Vijayawada, None Hurt Cities | Indo-Asian News Service | Updated: September 10, 2016 13:21 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS There was massive fire at a Walmart store near Vijaywada suspected of being caused by short circuit. Vijaywada, Andhra Pradesh:  A huge fire broke out in Walmart's wholesale store near Vijaywada in Andhra Pradesh on Saturday, police said. The fire engulfed a large part of the Best Price modern wholesale store located at Nidamanur, resulting in huge loss of property. There were no casualties in the fire, suspected to have been caused by a short circuit, officials said. "A fire broke at our Best Price store premises in Vijaywada earlier today (Saturday). State Fire authorities quickly reached the store and have brought it under control. We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter. Fortunately, no lives were lost in this unfortunate incident and all our employees and staff are safe," said a spokesperson of Walmart. This is one of the 21 Best Modern wholesale stores owned and operated by Walmart India across the country. Each store offers about 5,000 items in a cash and carry wholesale format. "We have a robust 'Business Continuity Plan' (BCP) to handle all such issues and our BCP team has taken over to quickly restore our store. We are ensuring that our esteemed members don't face any disruption of the services and continues to be served through our nearby Guntur Best Price store," he added.   Trending Movies: Salman Khan, Parineeti, Ram Charan At Sania Mirza's Sister's Sangeet Profit: What Infosys CEO Said On Sending Indian Techies To US After Trump Win Gadgets: Do Not Click or Share That WhatsApp Video Calling Invite Link - It's Fake Related Amazon Courts Food Shoppers Central Vigilance Commission Declines Information On Probe Against Walmart, Mondelez Walmart India Evaluating 'Food-Only' Retail Model In Karnataka, Still Dazzled By The Reddy Show, Tale Of Another Wedding In Karnataka, Still Dazzled By The Reddy Show, Tale Of Another Wedding Share this story on ALSO READWith Notes Ban, Shock And Awe Was Modi's Focus. Now, This Mess Fired near VijaywadaWalmart store fireWalmartVijaywada ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksFantastic BeastsForce 2Find ATM near you with cashMallika SherawatTum Bin 2Salman KhanJhanvi Kapoor ................................ Advertisement ................................ Anti-National To Back This Form Of Cash Clean Up: Arvind Kejriwal To NDTV Tomorrow, Banks Will Not Swap Old Notes For New, Except For Seniors Notes Ban: Problem Is Serious, We Will Have Riots, Says Supreme Court Where And How Pak Is Storing Nuclear Weapons According To US Scientists RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2016. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Travel Blogs Photos Videos Property TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos ALL News Home » Business » India Business Mukesh Ambani to telcos: You cannot break the law beyond few weeks Sensex climbs 180 points on GST hopes Flipkart-owned Myntra acquires Jabong Sensex rallies 464 pts Sensex bounces 99 points, Nifty above 7,800 Sensex soars 326 points, Nifty reclaims 7,800-mark in early trade GST Council may come up in next Cabinet Want to come back to India, says Mallya We are in a growth mode: Ajay Piramal President gives nod to GST ICICI Bank announces Software Robotics M&M and Ola announces tie-up Wal-Mart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun Last month, US retailer Target Corp severed ties with Welspun after accusing them of passing off cheap sheets as premium Egyptian cotton for two years.Reuters | Sep 10, 2016, 10.38 AM IST Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Last month, US retailer Target Corp severed ties with Welspun after accusing them of passing off cheap sheets as premium Egyptian cotton for two years. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," Wal-Mart said in a statement. The company will pull the products from its stores and website. Wal-Mart said it will not cut ties with Welspun but will work with them to implement strong controls and better label the products. The retailer will offer customers, who purchased the products, a full refund. Egyptian cotton is prized because the length of the cotton fibers are longer, resulting in a finer, lighter more durable fabric and longer-lasting, higher-end clothing. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Kejriwal only wants 'yes men': Navjot Sidhu In Mumbai, Reliance Jio sim cards selling in black As the D-day of Reliance Jio+ 's launch draws near, the excitement is palpable among Mumbaikars. Dealers are reporting huge inquiries after Jio's chieftain Mukesh Ambani announced free voice calls and data services on its network from September 5 till December 31. Clock ticking, Trump finds himself in an ever-deeper hole Wells Fargo fined $185 million California and federal regulators have fined Wells Fargo $185 million, alleging the bank's employees illegally opened millions of unauthorized accounts for their customers in order to meet aggressive sales goals. Formation of GST Council may come up in next Cabinet With GST Bill getting presidential nod, the government has started the process of setting up GST Council and the proposal is likely to be taken up by the Cabinet next week. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7Welspunus retailer target corp ​Egyptian cotton sheetsEgyptian cotton​wal-mart Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Aditya Birla Group logo gets a young makeover Lenders use probe firms to seek out defaulters’ assets BSE files for IPO, to be India’s 1st stock exchange to go public Proxy advisory cos against Cairn-Vedanta merger Dwindling cotton stock worries textile mills IDS: Banks to accept cash deposits Rival telecom operators want higher fee to connect 'tsunami' of Jio calls Tatas, ICICI-V team up, eye power assets RBI warns against misleading advertisements 1Wal-Mart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun 2Aditya Birla Group logo gets a young makeover 3Lenders use probe firms to seek out defaulters’ assets 4BSE files for IPO, to be India’s 1st stock exchange to go public 5Proxy advisory cos against Cairn-Vedanta merger 6Dwindling cotton stock worries textile mills 7IDS: Banks to accept cash deposits 8Rival telecom operators want higher fee to connect 'tsunami' of Jio calls 9Tatas, ICICI-V team up, eye power assets 10RBI warns against misleading advertisements About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web New Cars | Real Estate | Cricket News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Compare Mobile Phones | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App Trending Topics Best of Savdhaan India | Kamasutra | Beauty Care | Recipes | Facebook | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends iPhone 7 Launched Rupee down 12 paise against dollar in early trade Sensex extends losses, down 60 points on US rate hike concerns iPhone 7 Specifications Dozens killed as Turkey ramps up Syria offensive Beyonce to perform at 2016 MTV Video Music Awards iPhone 7 Price Donald Trump vows to begin deportations immediately if sworn in Trupti Desai offers prayers at Haji Ali Dargah Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `


null


News Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds E-Edition log in New documents detail Wal-Mart killing of suspected shoplifter Friday Sep 9, 2016 at 8:35 PM Rebecca Baggett told detectives she saw three people running through the parking lot at Wal-Mart just after 3 the morning of Feb. 7. By John Chambliss The Ledger LAKELAND — Rebecca Baggett told detectives she saw three people running through the parking lot at Wal-Mart just after 3 the morning of Feb. 7. "The lady caught up with him, jumped on his back, he fell to the ground and she was punching him in the head, closed fists, um, the gentleman never punched back, he was holding his hands over his head, fell to the ground, got back up, the lady was still punching him, fell back down again, and that's when the third man with the limp came and put his, um, knee in his back," Baggett, a nurse at Lakeland Regional Health, told Lakeland police during an interview. Authorities say that the third man, Randall Eugene Tomko, 58, of Winter Haven, a loss prevention worker, and Crucelis Nunez, 23, a customer service manager at Wal-Mart who lives in Lakeland, killed Kenneth Wisham, of North Lakeland, with help from Nathan Higgins, 35, of Lakeland. Higgins is accused of holding Wisham by the ankles, and pushing his legs up against his buttocks. Higgins' lawyer, Rusty Franklin, has said Higgins played a minor role in the death of Wisham. Charged with manslaughter, the three are out of the Polk County Jail on bail. Nunez, Tomko and Higgins no longer work at Wal-Mart, Erica Jones, a spokeswoman with the company, said in an email. The State Attorney's Office recently released hundreds of pages of documents in the case, which includes interviews from Lakeland Police Department detectives with the defendants, witnesses and the medical examiner's report. According to the investigation, employees chased Wisham outside the U.S. 98 North Wal-Mart and caught him in the grass in the southeast corner of the parking lot before the struggle ensued. Tomko's lawyer, Jeffrey Holmes, said Wisham was committing a strong armed robbery when his client intervened. "He was just doing his job," Holmes said. Holmes said Wisham suffered from numerous ailments that likely contributed to his death. "The bottom line is he was 64, had a heart condition and emphysema," Holmes said. "This guy might have died if he had just fallen down and was held for 30 seconds." Richard McCluskey, a lawyer for Nunez, said he doesn't believe criminal charges should have been filed against his client after the scuffle. He added that Nunez told him that employees called police several times before authorities arrived. 'Let me go, Let me go' The three were charged months after the incident following the release of a medical examiner's report that defined Wisham's cause of death as mechanical asphyxiation. In addition, Wisham suffered 15 broken ribs. District Medical Examiner Dr. Stephen Nelson has said the term ''mechanical asphyxiation'' is used when victims are unable to expand their chests to breathe. In an interview with police, Erica Emerling, an assistant manager at Wal-Mart, said she told her associate to let Wisham go after he was stopped for shoplifting about $400 in DVDs, video games, medicine and a toaster. Wisham grabbed his jacket and began to leave without the cart, while Tomko came out of his office in the store and started to chase Wisham after associates had told him about the shoplifter. During the interview, Emerling told Lakeland Police Detective Stacey Pough she followed Tomko and Nunez outside as they chased Wisham until she reached them and saw the two on top of him with Tomko's elbow on Wisham's back as he pinned him down for about four to five minutes. "He was screaming, 'Let me go, Let me go,' and wiggling," Emerling said. "Then I noticed he went silent." Tomko told police during an interview that Wisham's resistance slowed. "First he was really more physically resistant," Tomko told police. Pough asked how Wisham slowed in his resistance. "He wasn't really saying much," said Tomko, who added he slid off of Wisham as people began to check on him. Emerling asked her employees if Wisham was still breathing. Nunez felt for a pulse, told Emerling she didn't feel anything then Emerling told an associate to call 911. Another employee turned Wisham over and a 911 operator instructs him to perform chest compressions on Wisham until police arrive and continue the chest compressions. An ambulance arrived and emergency technicians rushed to Wisham. Wisham's ribs could have been broken while Tomko was on top of him. Jeremy McCutcheon, a firefighter EMT, told police Wisham never spoke while he attempted to revive the man. McCutcheon said it's common for ribs to break during CPR and chest compressions, but that it appeared Wisham's ribs were already broken. In a separate interview, Andrew Rodriguez, a Polk County Emergency Medical Services firefighter paramedic, agreed that Wisham's ribs were already broken when he attempted CPR. "I know the sensation of breaking ribs and they were already broken when I did 'em for sure, I know that, because it was just very easy to compress," Rodriguez said. The three defendants each face up to 15 years in prison. Higgins is scheduled to be in court for a hearing on Oct. 7. Nunez and Tomko had status hearings in late August. — John Chambliss can be contacted at john.chambliss@theledger.com or 863-802-7588. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Subscribe Now Manage Print Account Manage Digital Account About Us Contact Us Work for Us FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise with Us Place an Ad Classified Ads Online Services Newsletters RSS Feeds Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Text Alerts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Ledger ~ 300 W. Lime St., Lakeland, FL 33802 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime Education Nation & World State Politics Election 2016 Sports Preps College Recreation Outdoors Columnists Auto Racing Polk Preps TiMEOUT Dining Movies Arts in Polk Music Nightlife TV Guide Movie Listings TV Listings Calendar Events Lifestyle Faith Pets Your Health Home & Garden Columnists Crossword Sudoku Comics Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Other Voices Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Mugshots Local Blogs Guide to Polk Polk Life Polk Moms NIE Special Sections Medical Guide Print Ads Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Newsletters Market Place Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Propel Marketing Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
GoSearch Replay: Eye Opener CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener CW Express Yourself Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 58° 58° Low 41° High 63° Sat 37° 60° Sun 44° 65° Mon 59° 71° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Study’ Claims Worst Walmart Stores Are In Minority, Poor Neighborhoods Posted 7:08 pm, September 9, 2016, by Shardae Neal Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video NEW YORK, NY -- From coffee to coffins, you can find just about anything in Walmart these days. But if you're shopping around for good customer service a recent study from Columbia University says it'll be hard to spot in Walmarts based in poor or minority communities. The 'study', which looked at about 35,000 Yelp reviews, apparently discovered that the lowest Walmart location ratings came from black or latino neighborhoods. In majority Black zip codes, customers were more likely to use words like "nasty", "unorganized", and "slow" to describe their shopping experience. But, it was opposite with Walmarts in neighborhoods that are the majority white. Reviews there claimed their local Walmart was "friendly" and "clean". In a statement to NewsFix, Walmart says they found the study to be "flawed and without merit." The company also added that they're proud to "provide communities across the country, regardless of social or economic background, access to affordable goods and career opportunities." Whether you take Walmart's word on this or a study based on Yelp reviews - it's kind of hard to just throw this one in the bag! Related stories Florida Walmart’s 9/11 Coke Display Sparks Outrage Racist or Nah?! Students Seeking Non-White Roommate Sparks Debate Filtering Racism? Some Users Call Snapchat Filter Racist Filed in: NewsFix Topics: Walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Download The CW33 News App! Download your CW33 app in the App Store or Google Play — and check out all the new features! Popular Dallas Church Welcomes LGBT Members, Loses Baptist Association Ties Team Arrow Faces Off With Prometheus And Gets Ready To Encounter The Vigilante, AKA Ski Goggles! Slain Dallas Officer’s Father Sues Black Lives Matter Humanizing Tomi Lahren: Popular Political Commentator Gets Personal With NewsFix Latest News Polar Bear Kills Sled Dog Where Heartwarming Video Was Shot Lisa Lynn Masters Suicide: Gossip Girl, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Actress Found Dead at 52 Man at Yellowstone Dies As Body Dissolves in Acidic Hot Pool TravelFix: Drew Sets Travel World Record! Watercooler Ohio Mom Gives Birth in Walmart Checkout Line Watercooler Walmart Gives Out Cash Bonuses to Nearly a Million Workers Watercooler Virginia Men Roll Dead Deer Into Walmart in a Shopping Cart Watercooler Suspected Meth Lab Discovered Under Walmart Parking Lot Watercooler Walmart Pulls ‘Suicide Scar’ Make-Up After Mental Health Outcry Watercooler Walmart Unveils Black Friday 2016 Deals National/World News Grandmother Opens Fire In Walmart Parking Lot After Losing Custody Battle NewsFix SEE IT: Bar Surveillance Video Shows Woman with Accused Killer NewsFix 49ers’ Kaepernick Takes a Knee Before Pre-Season Game as New Form of Protest Watercooler Texas Girl Begs for Mercy as Dad Drags Her by the Hair in Walmart NewsFix Kids, Parents Line Up for the ‘Dallas Mayor’s Back To School Fair’ NewsFix Why Mispronouncing a Student’s Name can Have a Lasting Impact National/World News Stranger Chokes 4-Month-Old Baby at Walmart Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2016, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Police records detail late night standoff in Tucson - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Business Education My Tucson Home Flight tracker El Tour de Tucson Arizona Politics Border News Traffic map Think About It Watch Tucson News Now Election 2016 Special Reports See it, Snap it, Send it In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Finding Isabel Election 2016 Senior Health, Tech News Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports El Tour de Tucson Sports main page High School Sports UA Sports Arizona Wildcats Basketball UA Football AG's Wildcat Report Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Affordable Care Act Marketplace ADVERTISEMENT Xavier Chavez James Sterling Roberts Eric James Alvarez Christopher Garcia Marvin Arido Sorro Thaddaeus Sanchez Ruelas Dean Frederick Saxton Michel Mendivil-Lopez Steven M. Bracamonte James A. Palomarez Ali V Konneh Angel Latrice Cowen Diamond Prempeh Hector Manuel Guerrero Sr Michael Gray Milton Omar Perez Mousa Toure Samuel S Johnson John Lackey Poleman Hayter Orlando Bradford Judah Jordan David Ryan Howe Andrew Valencia Stephen Romero-Valencia Ronnie Hill Jeremy Lee Nelson Andrew Michael Nelson Mauricio Moraga Robert Villalobos Santiago Sanchez Jamar Roshaun Atkins Melissa Rose Harmsen Francisco Javier Rosas-Molina Luther Cruz Alex Joseph Haider Alan Anthony Dallman Steve Anaya Clifford Frederick Gant Enrique Guzman-Castro Slideshow: PHOTOS: KOLD News 13 September Mugshots Police records detail late night standoff in Tucson 2016-09-09T23:25:29Z2016-09-09T23:55:33Z By Craig Reck, Reporter Email Connect creck@tucsonnewsnow.com Jeremy Lee Nelson (Source: Tucson Police Department) TUCSON, AZ (Tucson News Now) - A man at the center of a police standoff in Tucson talked about a shoot out with police hours before being taken into custody in a shopping center parking lot, according to police records. Jeremy Lee Nelson asked an acquaintance for a ride to the airport and mentioned a shootout with police while she drove. She told police Nelson wanted to stop at a Walmart first, where he dropped a handgun in a trash can then picked it back up and returned to her white van. The arrest report shows Nelson's acquaintance was afraid and contacted police. She told them about his gun and propane tank when an officer arrived on scene. More officers responded to the area of Drexel and Tucson Boulevard to asses the situation. Hostage negotiators and the mental health unit were called in, according to police records. Nelson told officers they were trying to kill him and that he only wanted to speak with U.S. Marshals or deputies from the Pima County Sheriff's Department. Tucson Fire Department was called in because several officers worried about the smell of propane, but the air quality was okay, according to TPD documents. A couple officers noted in their reports that Nelson appeared to be using methamphetamine or crack. He fell asleep at one point and officers managed to break a window in the van, according to the report. Nelson asked for water and cigarettes at one point, but would not leave the van to retrieve them. The reports state he did the same thing for dog food and water, but again, wouldn't leave. TPD tried using pepper bells around the van, but Nelson did not move, according to police records. The report states that when Nelson started talking about what should happen to his dog and referencing his own death, officers decided to take action. They breached the van door, restrained Nelson, used a taser and arrested him before he could fire his gun. It was loaded with a round in the chamber, according to police records. The standoff lasted approximately six hours. Nelson is in the Pima County Jail on a $25,000 cash bond. Court records show that Nelson is charged with possession of dangerous weapon by a felon. TPD added the following statement to Nelson's interim complaint: "Second incident involving criminal misconduct and threats to the public in a 48 hour period. The defendant has demonstrated and displayed several homicidal and suicidal ideations in addition to acquiring firearms." According to Pima Count Superior Court, Nelson was convicted in 2002 for burglary and drug charges. Copyright 2016 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> UPDATE Caught on Camera: Flagstaff police officer punches woman Caught on Camera: Flagstaff police officer punches woman Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 11:30 PM EST2016-11-17 04:30:25 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:44 AM EST2016-11-18 12:44:34 GMT (Source: KPHO/KTVK) The Flagstaff police chief said an officer caught on video punching a woman in the face reported that she kicked him and kneed him in the groin before he hit her. The Flagstaff police chief said an officer caught on video punching a woman in the face reported that she kicked him and kneed him in the groin before he hit her. Tucson PD detectives investigate armed robbery during church meeting Tucson PD detectives investigate armed robbery during church meeting Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 9:47 PM EST2016-11-18 02:47:36 GMT A first look inside the south side church where a group of women were robbed at gunpoint. (Source: Tucson News Now) Several masked men entered a church meeting being held at a building in the 3900 block of South 6th, according to Tucson Police Department spokesman, Sgt. Pete Dugan.   Several masked men entered a church meeting being held at a building in the 3900 block of South 6th, according to Tucson Police Department spokesman, Sgt. Pete Dugan.   Tucson man sentenced to more than 20 years for role in little girl's death, abuse Tucson man sentenced to more than 20 years for role in little girl's death, abuse Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 7:57 PM EST2016-11-18 00:57:15 GMT Kristepher Benavidez and Monique Gaxiola (Source: Tucson Police Department) Charges against Kristepher Benavidez include negligent homicide domestic violence, negligent child abuse and reckless child abuse. Monique Gaxiola, the girls' mother, is also charged. She is going through a separate trial. Charges against Kristepher Benavidez include negligent homicide domestic violence, negligent child abuse and reckless child abuse. Monique Gaxiola, the girls' mother, is also charged. She is going through a separate trial. Murder trial of former Tucson fire captain in hands of jury Murder trial of former Tucson fire captain in hands of jury Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 7:37 PM EST2016-11-18 00:37:56 GMT David Watson. (Source: Tucson News Now) The murder trial of David Watson, the former Tucson fire captain accused of killing three people more than 10 years ago, was put in the hands of the jury Thursday, Nov. 17. The murder trial of David Watson, the former Tucson fire captain accused of killing three people more than 10 years ago, was put in the hands of the jury Thursday, Nov. 17. Pima Co. Sheriff's Dept. searching for burglary suspect caught on video Pima Co. Sheriff's Dept. searching for burglary suspect caught on video Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 5:44 PM EST2016-11-16 22:44:58 GMT Burglary suspect (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) The Pima County Sheriff's Department Foothills District deputies received a call at 10:20 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 27 about a burglary in a home in the 3700 block of West Raintree Drive, where jewelry and electronic equipment was taken. The Pima County Sheriff's Department Foothills District deputies received a call at 10:20 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 27 about a burglary in a home in the 3700 block of West Raintree Drive, where jewelry and electronic equipment was taken.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 5:54 PM EST2016-11-17 22:54:58 GMT A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl. A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl. news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth. Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth. Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.     Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File nulmer@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
45.0°, FAIR FORECAST SEARCH LOGIN SUBSCRIBE PITTSFIELD, MASS. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 2016 Toggle navigation Main menu News Local news National news World news Community news Education Police logs Calendar New England Lotteries Daniel Pearl Scholarship Sports Local sports Red Sox Yankees Patriots Giants Celtics Bruins Business Business news Real estate news Entertainment The 413 Berkshires Week Berkshires Week calendar Theater reviews Movie reviews The Ultimate Dining Guide Horoscopes TV listings Lifestyles Insights Berkshire lifestyles Health Food & recipes Outdoors Best of the Berkshires Announcements Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Columnists Blogs Obituaries Today's obituaries View all Publications Special sections Book of Homes Berkshire Business News Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Top listings Place an ad Legal Notices Weekly Flyers Tools e-Edition Contact us Subscriber services Newspapers in Education RSS Letter: Numbers add up against Walmart supercenter plan Posted Friday, September 9, 2016 4:28 pm The Berkshire Eagle Numbers add up against Walmart supercenter plan To the editor: The article in the Sunday, Sept. 4, Eagle titled "Labor Council opposes Walmart," with information on Waterstone Retail Development's proposed Walmart supercenter at the Stanley Business Park, prompted me to do some elementary school arithmetic with the figures cited in the article. First I looked at the map of the site which you can also do at woodlawncrossing.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/site-map.jpg. You will see the proposed supercenter sketched on site 9. This site is described as a 15-acre site at the URL williamstanleybp.com/site-9/. The article states that the entire business park is 52 acres, so the supercenter will occupy just under 29 percent of the total acreage! Is this the development magnet, the innovation center, that the Berkshires needs to retain its residents and attract new ones? Let's do more arithmetic. If we take an acre to equal 40,000 square feet, we calculate site 9 to be 600,000 square feet. The supercenter size as stated in the article will be 190,000 square feet, so if we divide 190,000 by 600,000 we learn that almost 32 percent of site 9 will be Walmart retail space. The remaining 68 percent will be parking spaces! Look closely at the site map and you'll see them sketched in. So the much-touted business park will devote more than two-thirds of the "teens parcel" to asphalt, if this is the best Pittsfield can do. Along with the poor-paying jobs, attack on local small businesses, shoddy foreign-made goods, we will be the "beneficiaries" of about 10 more acres of asphalt. For all our sakes, I hope Pittsfield can do much better. Mary Jane Incorvia Mattina, Lenox Print Email Tweet TALK TO US If you'd like to leave a comment (or a tip or a question) about this story with the editors, please email us. We also welcome letters to the editor for publication; you can do that by filling out our letters form and submitting it to the newsroom. Local news 2 years behind bars for man who prompted lockdown at BMC in June PITTSFIELD - A lone shot fired in the air last May has landed a city man behind bars for two years. Dylan Ducharme, 21, was sentenced Thursday after pleading to multiple assault and weapons charges stemming from confrontation during which he … A Berkshire Baby Box for your baby to sleep in Beer, bourbon and wine tasting to benefit Dalton CRA reflooring North Adams looks to win $500,000 'makeover' In bid to grow organically, Berkshire Co-op Market looks to its members for expansion plan funding Read more Sports UMass basketball holds off Temple as teams renew rivalry McLaughlin's layup hands MCLA women's basketball first win of season Taconic football team not phased by spotlight of MIAA state semifinal game against Grafton Wahconah football in familiar position ahead of MIAA state semifinal against West Boylston Berkshire County cross-country athletes set for MIAA state championships Read more Trending Lee girl reports suspicious man in car Otis man with history of sex abuse complaints charged with raping 5-year-old girl Guyer out as Pittsfield's maintenance chief Williams students admit to post-election graffiti 3 face weapons charges after alleged shoplifting © , The Berkshire Eagle Contact us Terms of use Privacy policy Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Kate Taylor Sep. 9, 2016, 4:54 PM 11,646 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Walmart is no longer selling Welspun's line of premium Egyptian cotton bed sheets after its supplier was unable to prove the sheets weren't knockoffs. Less than a month after Target announced it would offer refunds for customers who purchased Welspun's Egyptian cotton sheets, Walmart said it is also pulling Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds, reports Bloomberg. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Walmart spokesperson Marilee McInnis said in an e-mail on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." Any customer seeking a refund can bring their Welspun 100% Egyptian-cotton sheets into a Walmart location to receive a refund. Walmart sold 100% Egyptian cotton bedsheets under the Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy brands. The unsold Egyptian-cotton sheets that are being pull from shelves will be given to Good360, a non-profit that donates companies' excess merchandise to charities.  Target's announcement has set of a series of investigations into Egyptian cotton bed sheets. Target J.C. Penny and Bed Bath & Beyond are also investigating the credibility of their Welspun Egyptian cotton products.  Walmart's news adds credence to the theory that a large percentage of Egyptian cotton sold in the US is fake. While high-quality cotton can be grown around the world, cotton must be grown in Egypt in order to be considered real Egyptian cotton. "When you think about it, 1% of the world's crops are Egyptian cotton. You walk into any store, or look at any one of these websites and see they're all selling Egyptian cotton — it just doesn't add up," Scott Tannen, founder of luxury bedding startup Boll and Branch, told Business Insider in August. "I think [the Target case is] just at the tip of the iceberg." While Tannen has an interest in exposing fake Egyptian cotton, he isn't the only one suspicious of the industry. Earlier this year, the Cotton Egypt Association found that 90% of "Egyptian cotton" sold by retailers tested using a DNA-based authentication program did not contain any cotton produced in Egypt. The association at the time held up Welspun as a symbol of success — something that has clearly since been called into question. SEE ALSO: A Target worker's hilarious blog about customers is going viral — here are the best behind-the-scenes revelations NOW WATCH: Millennials' hatred of 'dealing with people' is a major threat to fast-food workers Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Target egyptian cotton sheets egyptian cotton welspun sheets walmart welspun sheets facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Walmart is no longer selling... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home About us Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Wal-Mart: Coke Display Stacked Like Twin Towers Removed US News Wal-Mart: Coke Display Stacked Like Twin Towers Removed By Associated Press | September 9, 2016 AT 4:41 PM Last Updated: September 9, 2016 4:41 pm (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK—Wal-Mart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center has been removed from a Florida store, and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack. The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers built of Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner above the display said, “We will never forget,” with the Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart logos in a corner. Walmart said in a statement the display was removed Wednesday. Today, we are no longer a Post 9/11 society. Today, we are a Post Wal-Mart Depicting 9/11 With Coke Cans Society. pic.twitter.com/kwCQntWebU — Gabriel Gundacker (@gabegundacker) September 8, 2016 “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display,” it said. The company said the design for the display for the store in Panama City Beach, Florida, came from the supplier, and was approved by its store management. The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honor local firefighters and support an upcoming event for their organization. “We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display,” the bottler said. Editor’s Picks What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Grass-Roots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change ‘Human Rights is Part of the DNA of America’: An Interview with Gary Locke on Hillary Clinton, China, and the 2016 Election Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsMichigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead ExposureLatest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water DeliveriesLight Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty BuildingsMichigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children Latest in US Politics Trump Taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for Top Positions Politics Trump on Twitter: Ford Won’t Move Lincoln Assembly to Mexico Politics Flynn: Outspoken General, Intelligence Pro, Trump Supporter Politics Official Says Trump Taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA Job US News Michigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead Exposure US News Latest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water Deliveries US News Light Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty Buildings US News Michigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children US News Video: Man Demands Starbucks Barista Write ‘Trump’ on Cup, Gets Cops Called on Him × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals Classifieds Classified Ads Local Deals About Us Community September 9, 2016 3:37 PM Myrtle Beach-area organizations need your help Saturday Wish List i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Volunteers: Neighbor to Neighbor is in need of volunteers, if interested attend the social hour at 10 a.m. on the second Tuesday of each month at 921 N. Kings Highway, Myrtle Beach. Orientation to follow event. 843-353-0214 or www.gracefullyaging.org. Volunteers/donations: Help4Kids needs volunteers to help with food drive to be held 9:30 a.m.- 4 p.m. Sept. 17, Wal-Mart, S.C. 544, Neighborhood Market at Ocean Lakes and North Myrtle Beach at Gator Hole. Volunteers are needed to load the vans at 1 p.m. Sept. 16 and unload the vans at 1 p.m. Sept. 18 at 2523 Forestbrook Road, Myrtle Beach. 843-651-4310 or info@help4kidssc.org. Volunteers: SC CARES needs two volunteer face painters, a cornhole board and bowling set (both sized for children) for their 10th “Animalversary” celebration to be held from 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Oct, 1, Pet Galley, 4484 U.S.17 Business, Murrells Inlet. Event includes, food, crafts, games, music, holiday gifts, jewelry, books and table top trees. 843-506-2688 or www.SC-CARES.org. Call for pick-up. Volunteers: Freedom Readers After School Literacy Program is in need of tutors for students in grades K - 5. Fall session runs from Sept. 19 (tutors only) to Nov. 14. New tutor orientation will be held 12:30-2:30 p.m. Sept. 17, the Waccamaw Library, Litchfield. 843-331-8526 or freedomreaders.org to submit a volunteer application, or for more information. Volunteers: SCORE provides free business mentoring services to help new and existing entrepreneurs grow their businesses. Would you like to be a SCORE volunteer? We have members who volunteer their time mentoring new and existing businesses, as well as teaching workshops/presentations, fundraising, and more. Previous business management, skills, or ownership experience is preferred. Apply at www.score.org/volunteer. Volunteers: Meals on Wheels of Horry County is in need of drivers to deliver meals to those in need in the Little River, Conway, and Myrtle Beach areas. If you have an hour and a half one day per week to help, 843-340-5982 or visit www.mowhc.org. Donations: Tara Hall Home for Boys is in need of cash donations to maintain our program of care, discipline, education and family for the boys in our care. Gift cards are a big help. Donations can be mailed to P.O. Box 955, Georgetown, SC 29442. 843-546-3000 Donations: Georgetown County Parks and Recreation is seeking donations for “Fund Your Park” program that runs through Sept. 23. The community’s help is needed to make enhancements to an upcoming project that will create lighted multipurpose fields and a six-lane athletic track on the grounds of Beck Recreation Center next year. To make a donation, www.gtcounty.org or go directly to http://fundyourpark.org/campaign/detail/4719 . Donations: AARP-South Carolina and the community are sponsoring a Veteran’s Stand Down, Sept. 23, in Myrtle Beach. Items needed are used eyeglasses, low denomination gift cards to fast food chains, Wal-Mart, etc. For pickup call 803- 873-2266 or dgleason@aarp.org Donations: Life Ministries and Walk Into Your Inheritance Outreach Ministries is accepting gently used clothes, coats and toys. Free clothing giveaway will be held 10 a.m. Sept. 24 at House Hold of Faith, 1290 Dennison Ave., Myrtle Beach. Donations can be dropped off at 507 N. Oak St., Myrtle Beach or 1757 Stanley Road, Supply N.C. 321-961-9913 or 910-294-0656 Donations: The South Carolina Youth Advocate Program serves foster youth in the area. They are in need of school supplies, bunk beds, car seats, diapers, Wal-Mart or Target gift cards and monetary donations. Drop off donations or mail checks to 148 Elk Drive, Unit 4, Murrells Inlet, SC 29576. 843-238-9691 or lwatson@scyap.com Donations: Family Outreach is in need of baby formula, new or gently used infant, toddler, and children’s clothing newborn to size 5, infant and children’s socks, toddler and children’s underwear-new only, baby wash/lotion, baby bottles, diaper rash cream, baby nail clippers, nasal bulb, brushes/combs, copy paper, new book bags and school supplies. 843-234-2350 Donations: North Strand Housing Shelter is in need of paper towels, cleaning supplies, HE laundry detergent liquid or pods, heavy-duty, plastic forks, knives and spoons. Drop off donations at Mattress Direct, 587 U.S. 17, North Myrtle Beach or the shelter, 2335 S.C. 9 W., Longs. Also, in need of volunteers. 843-756-9488 or 843-421-4135. Donations: Friends of Surfside Library need paperback or hardback books, children’s books, puzzles, DVDs and CDs for monthly book sale. Leave at the circulation desk or 843-238-5869 or 843-238-5032 for pick up. No textbooks, magazines or encyclopedia. Donations: Humane Society of North Myrtle Beach is in need of paper towels, white and colored computer paper, kitten and puppy food, treats for dogs and cats, kitty litter, cat toys, pet beds, collars and leashes, bleach, dish and laundry soap. Donations can be dropped off at 409 Bay St. or 843-249-4948 or nmbhumanesociety@gmail.com Donations: The Salvation Army food pantry is in need of vegetables, soups, fruits, canned meats, cereals, pasta, rice, peanut butter, jelly, juice, and personal hygiene products. All nonperishable and hygiene items may be dropped off at any of the Horry County Family Store locations. Perishable items needed are hot dogs, ground beef and chicken; should only be dropped off at Food Pantry, 1415 Second Ave., Conway. 843-488-2769 or donation pickup 843-381-8080 Donations: All 4 Paws hears the voices of abandoned animals in our community. Clorox wipes, Dawn dishwashing detergent, HE laundry detergent, tall kitchen and 55-gallon garbage bags, Pine Sol, and paper towels. Items can be dropped off at: 708 Petigru Road, Pawleys Island. Visit All4PawsSC.org to volunteer, adopt or foster. Donations: Keep Our Pets Food Bank is in need of dry cat/dog food, wet cat/dog food, cat/dog treats, cat litter, beds - all sizes, toys and puppy pads. Call 843-651-0778 or keepourpetsfoodbank@yahoo.com. Items can be dropped off at 4764 U.S. 17 Bypass S., Murrells Inlet. Donations: The Friends of the North Myrtle Beach Library are accepting used books for its resale book racks. Please drop the books off at the library during regular library hours at 910 First Ave. S. The proceeds are used to purchase items for the library. 843-915-5281 Volunteers/donations: Sav-R-Cats is in need of volunteers to clean and maintain adoption center. Donations in need of HE laundry soap, window cleaner, paper towels, Purina Naturals cat food and monetary donations are always needed. 843-222-8057 Volunteers/donations: Bikini Beach Cat Rescue needs members of the community to become involved in the organization. Donations of money or time would be greatly appreciated. We help community residents with low-cost spay/neuters. If you have the time, please volunteer. We desperately need a grant writer, trappers, crates and people who can help with fundraisers and have ideas on ways to raise money. 843-655-7881 Volunteers/donations: Kind Keeper Animal Rescue is in need of volunteers for kennel clean up, office help, and event helpers. Donations needed are cleaning supplies, cat litter, canned dog and cat food, treats and more. View complete list on kindkeeper.org. 843-855-1398 or kindkeeper@yahoo.com. Volunteers/donations: Kare Team Sanctuary is in need of volunteers who are passionate about the rescue and rehabilitation of our canine friends. We need people who can commit to one or two afternoons per week for two to three hours. Foster homes are also needed. Donations of food, treats and/or toys, cleaning supplies and more are always needed. 843-399-9290 Volunteers/donations: Whiskers Animal Rescue and Sanctuary is looking for volunteers to help clean and maintain the cat sanctuary and kitten nursery, update social media sites, help with grant writing, foster and/or help with adoption events, craigslist sales of donated items, and fundraising. Donation needs are bleach, laundry detergent, wet and dry Friskies, Costco, Sam’s or Wal-Mart gift cards and used van. Kitty condos, scratching posts always welcome. We collect clean aluminum cans for recycling to raise funds to support the sanctuary. Located in the Loris area (just 4 miles from S.C. 22 and S.C. 905). 843-455-6199 or daren@warssc.org. Donations/volunteers: The Myrtle Beach Shore Birds, area representatives for the Quilt of Valor Foundation, are accepting monetary donations or patriotic fabric to make and award a comforting and healing quilt to give to service members and veterans. One quilt can cost up to $250 to complete. Your tax-deductible gifts buys fabric for quilt tops and backing, and pays for batting. We are looking for quilters to make tops and longarmers to quilt the tops. 843-902-7584 and jwobb@aol.com Information The Saturday Wish List is a place for nonprofit organizations or clubs to list their current needs. We will not publish anything regarding the exchange of labor for money or the exchange of items for money. The deadline is 5 p.m. Tuesdays. Submissions must be sent in on a weekly basis. Call the voicemail at 843-626-0282 or email features@thesunnews.com. Leave your name and contact information. Compiled by Lisa Urban. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Community Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:44 Booker T. Washington community has mixed comments on new Futrell Park fence Pause 0:51 One suspect detained, one at large after incident at Broadway at the Beach 1:58 Veronica Thompson remembers son Levi Moody's life 1:28 The week ahead for Myrtle Beach: Nov. 21 - Nov. 27 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 1:50 Burgess community celebrates WWII veteran's 100th birthday 2:50 Levi Moody stars in talent show 1:22 Fugitives, on the run from police, fled to Broadway at the Beach 3:02 She wants to be the first deaf ‘Top Chef’ 1:07 Brad Redding golf tip (Nov. 15, 2016) Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:23 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:59 a year ago Billy Roberts talks old times at Myrtle's Market 1:27 2 years ago Conway wets down brand-new fire engine in ceremony and pushes truck into new home View more video Community Collection planned for Socastee flood victims Grand Strand Newsmakers Myrtle Beach-area organizations need your help Saturday Swap Area groups, nonprofits can submit holiday wish lists for publication Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Odd News Walmart, Coke apologize for Sept. 11-themed display at Florida store By Ben Hooper   |   Sept. 9, 2016 at 3:43 PM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 PANAMA CITY, Fla., Sept. 9 (UPI) -- A Walmart spokesman said a 9/11-themed display at a Florida store was designed and created by Coca-Cola. A photo of the display at the Walmart in Panama City, Fla., was posted to Twitter by user @online_shawn and immediately sparked outrage among online commentators who objected to the use of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks to sell Coke, as well as the arrangement of the Coke boxes to resemble the twin towers in front of an American flag. "We will never forget," reads a banner bearing the Coca-Cola and Walmart logos. Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson said the display was being removed following the online outcry. Crowson told the Orlando Weekly the display was pitched to Walmart by Coke, and the store approved it. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display being assembled. It was removed from our Florida store Wednesday," Walmart said in a statement emailed to Mashable. Coca-Cola spokeswoman Kimberly Kuo said the display was misinterpreted. "This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization's upcoming event," she told CNBC. "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Louisiana lawmaker proposes -- and withdraws -- weight limit for strip club dancers German government creates online sex manual for immigrants State Department apologizes for less-than-attractive travel tweet Comments Topics: Sept. 11 Latest Headlines Grandma's wrong-number text ends in Thanksgiving invite for teen stranger 35 minutes ago MESA, Ariz., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- An Arizona grandmother's wrong-number text led to a 17-year-old stranger being invited to join her family for Thanksgiving. Tesla's 'instant acceleration' saves stopped car from being rear-ended 1 hour ago RALEIGH, N.C., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A Tesla driver in North Carolina shared dashcam footage of how his vehicle's "instant acceleration" feature saved him from being rear-ended. United Airlines pilot bans Trump talk on flight after passengers argue 17 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A passenger on a flight from San Francisco to Mexico recorded a pilot's announcement discouraging political talk in flight after an argument about Donald Trump. Stray dog interrupts England-India cricket match, poops on the pitch 18 hours ago VISAKHAPATNAM, England, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A cricket game between the English and Indian teams came to a halt in India when a stray dog wandered onto the pitch and led security staff on a chase. Cat alerts Australian man to venomous snake hiding in his shoe 18 hours ago OLDBURY, Australia, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A Western Australia man said his cat tipped him off to the presence of a venomous snake in his shoe just as he was about to put it on his foot. Stranded hawk rescued from gutter by California police 19 hours ago SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A distressed hawk was rescued by fire crews in Florida after becoming stuck in a gutter on Tuesday. Police search for statue bear-napped from Russell Stover factory 19 hours ago ABILENE, Kan., Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Police in Kansas are on the hunt for a particular sweet stolen landmark -- a statue of a candy bear outside the Russell Stover factory. Florida police reunite miniature horse with owners 20 hours ago OKEECHOBEE , Fla., Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Police in Florida took to social media to help reunite an escaped miniature horse with its owner. U.K. woman uses plastic fork to fend off sword-wielding attacker 20 hours ago GREENOCK, Scotland, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A woman in Scotland managed to ward off a sword-wielding attacker at a fast food restaurant armed with only a plastic fork. Father, son spot mountain lions swimming in California lake 20 hours ago SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A father and son in California had a rare encounter with a pair of mountain lions as they spotted the big cats swimming in a lake. Trending Stories Wrong-number text leads strangers to visit newborn in hospital Florida boy, 9, makes dramatic catch to save falling baby brother Grandma's attempt to put baby to bed goes spectacularly awry Polar bear petting dog caught on camera in Manitoba Pennsylvania man's dog executes flawless 'mannequin challenge' UPI More Collections Popular American brands in China Rio Olympics: Best of Beach Volleyball 2016 NY Comic Con Rio Olympics: Hugs and kisses 2015 Most revealing red carpet looks Go Topless Pride Parade [NSFW] Celebrating the bikini at 70 Notable Deaths of 2016 Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Top 10 U.S. prison escapes ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Sign up for the TidewaterBiz e-newsletter today. It's FREE! TidewaterBiz Peninsula stores fight for grocery dollars Hampton Roads grocery store market share rankings TidewaterBiz.com reports grocery rankings in our local area. TidewaterBiz.com reports grocery rankings in our local area. Tara BozickContact Reportertbozick@dailypress.com Who are the top grocers in Hampton Roads? Privacy Policy Peninsula grocers are adapting to give customers what they expect — healthy, quality food at affordable prices — as Wal-Mart, Kroger and Whole Foods continue to grab more market share in the region. Of the total Hampton Roads market share, Food Lion remains the dominant grocer with Wal-Mart at No. 2 and Farm Fresh at No. 3, according to trade publication Food World's annual market study report. On a more local level, Food Lion is the favorite for Newport News, Hampton, Isle of Wight, Smithfield and Mathews while shoppers in James City and Williamsburg prefer Farm Fresh, according to the report. Wal-Mart dominates in Gloucester while the big-box retailer barely beats out Food Lion in York County. Food Lion remains the dominant grocer in Hampton Roads, according to trade publication Food World's annual market study report. Check out the full list. Regionwide, Food Lion dominates because it has the most stores with 78 to garner 17.8 percent of total market share, according to the report. Farm Fresh took a dip from 13.9 percent to 12.9 percent of total market share from 2015 to 2016. Wal-Mart, including its smaller Neighborhood Markets, had a slight increase in total market share from 14.8 percent to 14.9 percent from year to year. Other alternative grocers, including 7-Eleven, Wawa, Walgreens and Sam's Club, also gained ground with alternatives now representing 51.6 percent of the market, up from 51.2 percent in 2015. Military commissaries, which represent 10 percent of the Newport News and Hampton market share, saw a total regional market share dip from 4.9 percent in 2015 to 4.4 percent this year, according to the Food World report. Kroger's addition of Marketplace stores in Hampton Roads contributed to its increase in total market share from 4.76 percent to 4.84 percent, according to the Food World report. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Virginia Port Authority: Moving Forward The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  Caption Aldi finishing construction Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Caption 'Right to Work' constitutional amendment on November ballots in Virginia Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Caption Why electric cars will be the way of the future Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Hampton Roads is already a highly competitive market where price remains the primary driver with strong low-price influence from Wal-Mart and the commissaries, according to the report. And it's only going to get more competitive as discount retailers Aldi and Lidl plan to enter the market and as Kroger plans more stores on the Peninsula — in Denbigh and in the redevelopment of Riverdale Plaza in Hampton. Keep your eye on Food Lion's sustainability in Hampton Roads when German discount grocer Lidl starts entering the market in 2018 with nine stores planned so far in the region, including two in Newport News and one in Hampton, Food World Publisher Jeff Metzger said. The millennial generation, or the 18-34 age group, is driving a lot of change toward nutrition and wellness as well as convenience, Metzger said. That's why you see grocers adapting with better marketed organic and natural food sections and a better selection of prepared food or ready-to-cook items. Over the years, Hampton Roads' changing demographics has led to households with more disposable income, demanding higher end stores and selection, Metzger said. Whole Foods is the case in point in Newport News, where Mid-Atlantic favorite Wegmans also had its eye. Grocers are also adding improved private-label products, which could appeal to those who aren't as brand loyal, Metzger said. What grocery store chain is the Peninsula still missing? Do you want to see a Wegman's? A Publix? Here's a partial look at missing supermarkets. For instance, Food Lion recently took its premium-tier Taste of Inspirations deli line companywide, said Wanda Marshburn, Food Lion director of operations for 25 stores in the Newport News-Hampton region. Salisbury, N.C.-based Food Lion, which is part of the Ahold Delhaize group, continues to invest to keep low prices on staple items and has been enhancing stores to showcase its fresh produce and natural and organic items, Marshburn said. Food Lion makes buying natural or premium products more affordable with its own brands, including its own wine, she added. Food Lion also remains strong because of its convenient neighborhood locations and dedicated employees, Marshburn said. Farm Fresh has been remodeling stores on the Peninsula to modernize the shopping experience, said Dave Huettl, vice president of sales and merchandising. From 2014 to the end of 2016, Farm Fresh will have remodeled 18 of its 41 stores in Hampton Roads, including seven of 12 Peninsula stores. Much of those renovations have focused on highlighting its fresh products in addition to revamping the deli, bakery and seafood departments, Huettl said. (Judith Lowery) Throughout the store, Farm Fresh is allocating more space to capture customer trends for healthier options, including organic and gluten-free items, and its chef-to-go items to make it easier for folks who want to cook gourmet-style meals at home, Huettl said. The company is also adding more items to the Wild Harvest line. "We try to give you a convenient meal solution regardless of the size of your family," Huettl said. Farm Fresh finds more folks want healthier meal options and transparency in labeling, he said. Still, Virginia Beach-based Farm Fresh, a subsidiary of Minnesota's SuperValu, might appeal to millennials who are focused on the local community. "Being in the area, we're always trying to highlight who's local, what's local in our weekly ads in the store," Huettl said. While Cincinnati-based The Kroger Co. and its Village Square at Kiln Creek shopping center store compete well on price, the biggest change the company has seen during the past five years has been the customer emphasis on convenience, spokeswoman Noelle Motley said in an email. That's why the company is rolling out its ClickList online ordering service at stores in South Hampton Roads this year. Kroger now operates 10 stores in the region, including four Marketplace stores that sell home decor, bed and bath items and small appliances. The new Marketplaces and providing items customers ask for, such as natural and organic foods, local produce and craft products, have helped Kroger's regional uptick in sales, Motley said. Millennials also like the digital coupon savings and prepared foods. Harris Teeter has been able benefit from its January 2014 merger with The Kroger Co. to pass savings on to shoppers with lower prices on thousands of products, said spokeswoman Lea Ramsey. Harris Teeter's market share in Hampton Roads grew from 6.08 percent to 6.15 percent, according to Food World. The grocer also prides itself on its quality products, extensive selection, clean stores, friendly staff and promotions. The Fresh Market, which saw its regional market share increase from 1.06 percent to 1.29 percent, had already been providing shoppers easy grab-and-go options for preparing a home-cooked meal, said spokeswoman Stephanie Lowder. The "Little Big Meal" program changes meals each week. Food World's market analysis is based on information collected from April 1, 2015, through March 31, 2016. Find the full report at best-met.com/issue/market-study-2016/. Bozick can be reached by phone at 757-247-4741. Sign up for a free weekday business news email at TidewaterBiz.com. Supermarket share Hampton Roads supermarket share from Food World annual market study, June 2016 1.Food Lion, 37.4% 2.Farm Fresh, 27.1% 3.Harris Teeter, 12.9% 4.Kroger, 10.2% 5.Fresh Market, 2.7% 6.Whole Foods, 2.6% 7.Giant/Carlisle (Martin's), 1.9% 8.Trader Joe's, 1.9% 9.Save-A-Lot, 1.4% 10.International markets, 1.1% *This list doesn't include alternative grocers such as Wal-Mart, convenience stores and club stores. Source: Food World archives at best-met.com Total market share Hampton Roads total market share, including alternative grocers, June 2016 1.Food Lion, 17.8% 2.Wal-Mart, 14.9% 3.Farm Fresh, 12.9% 4.7-Eleven, 7.4% 5.Harris Teeter, 6.15% 6.Kroger, 4.8% 7.Military commissaries, 4.4% 8.Rite Aid, 4.3% 9.Walgreens, 4% 10.Target, 3.1% 11.CVS, 2.97% 12.Wawa, 2.94% 13.Sam's Club, 2.88% 14.BJ's Wholesale Club, 2.27% 15.Fresh Market, 1.29% 16.Whole Foods, 1.22% 17.Kmart, 1.2% 18.Costco, 1.2% 19.Giant/Carlisle (Martin's), 0.91% 20.Trader Joe's 0.9% Source: Food World archives at best-met.com Copyright © 2016, Daily Press Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Breaking News Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 60°
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World September 9, 2016 11:34 am Updated: September 9, 2016 12:16 pm 9/11 Florida Walmart soda display: Patriotic or offensive? By Jenny Rodrigues Multimedia Producer  Global News WATCH: Is the public backlash for this 9/11 display warranted? What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A soda display at a Florida Walmart fashioned to commemorate 9/11 and look like the Twin Towers has drawn divisive responses from social media and local residents. Story continues below Set up under a banner that read “We Will Never Forget,” emblazoned with both the Walmart and Coca-Cola logos, stacks of soda cases were used to create an American flag and Twin Towers mosaic. One shopper at the Panama City Beach location told WJHG that she found it offensive. READ MORE: Offensive Twin Towers mattress commercial airs days before 9/11 “Those people died and I don’t think you should be exploiting it with an advertisement. I don’t think that’s right,” she said. Others saw it as an important reminder of the tragic events 15 years ago. “It’s something that was terrible that happened to us in our country. We should not hide it or be offended by it,” said one woman. “Anything that’s patriotic is fine. No matter whether it’s selling something or doesn’t. It’s telling people, to remind people to think of America, America first,” said a man. On social media, opinions were just as divided. @KTLA re:this coca cola Wal-Mart display I'd just like to say as a coke employee for 40+yrs&a proud veteran I think its a beautiful tribute — Steve D (@SteveD91635820) September 9, 2016 @BertShowBert @CocaCola @Walmart if you're offended by a patriotic display then maybe you shouldn't live here. — Pat Garrett (@osufanOH) September 9, 2016 This is a fake, right? This was photoshopped, right? Please tell me this was photoshopped. @Walmart @CocaCola pic.twitter.com/FKb5sQipoQ — James Crampton (@JimCramptonWPG) September 7, 2016 Disgusted by the Wal-Mart Coca Cola display in FL & the Mattress co. in TX mocking 9/11. Also question who is hiring these ppl! #poorchoices — Ashley Boynes-Shuck (@BuellaMarie) September 9, 2016 Coca-Cola and Walmart have since apologized for the display, saying it was intended to support the local firefighting department’s upcoming event. A Walmart spokesperson said in a statement: “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display being assembled. It was removed from our Florida store Wednesday.” Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. Follow @jennynotjen © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error 9-11 9-11 Coca Cola Display 9-11 Walmart Display 9/11 15th anniversary 9/11 anniversary 2016 9/11 Coca Cola display Remembering 9/11 Sept. 11 September 11 Walmart Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jon Gosselin says Kate Gosselin ‘won’t tell’ where their son Collin is WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Home Subscribe Manage Login Logout News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Weather Traffic Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads Today's Paper 78° Weather | Traffic Login | Activate Account | Manage Account | Logout | Today's Paper Today's Paper, also known as the e-Edition, is an online replica of the printed newspaper. You can view today's paper or previous issues. Want full access? Subscribe News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads 78° Sections Subscription Manage Account Download the new TCPalm app Bargainista Small grocery stores mean big savings on the Treasure Coast The grand opening for the new Aldi at 3937 S.E. U.S. 1 is Sept. 15. The first 100 shoppers will receive store gift certificates, free reusable bags, samples and entry in a contest to win free produce for a year. (KELLY TYKO/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) Posted: Sept. 09, 2016 1 Comment SHARE Aldi opens its third Treasure Coast store Sept. 15 in Stuart at the southeast corner of U.S. 1 and Southeast Miami Avenue near the Walmart Supercenter. (KELLY TYKO/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) Related Coverage BARGAINISTA: Tips for shopping at Aldi Posted: Sept. 09, 2016 1 Just because a store is small, doesn't mean you can't save big. I've found this to be the case at the Treasure Coast's new wave of smaller grocery stores, especially no-frills discount grocery retailer Aldi. The German grocer opens its third store here Thursday in Stuart at the southeast corner of U.S. 1 and Southeast Miami Avenue near the Wal-Mart Supercenter. Another Aldi is expected to open this winter in Port St. Lucie. Not to be outdone, Wal-Mart is continuing to bring its smaller grocery-only stores to the region. Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market stores are scheduled to open early next year in Vero Beach and Port St. Lucie. The smaller stores — a typical Aldi is 18,539 square feet and a Neighborhood Market is one-fifth the size of a Supercenter — make shopping trips faster. NEW ALDI Aldi, one of the world's largest grocery chains, is short for "Albrecht Discount," named after brothers and original owners Karl and Theo Albrecht. A California offshoot of Aldi operates the trendier Trader Joe's, a gourmet and specialty grocer whose closest stores are in Palm Beach Gardens and Wellington. The grand opening for the new Aldi, at 3937 S.E. U.S. 1, begins with a ribbon cutting at 8:45 a.m. After the ceremony, the first 100 shoppers will receive store gift certificates, free reusable bags, samples and entry in a contest to win free produce for a year. "We are pleased to bring our first store to Stuart to help customers get high-quality products at everyday low prices," said Chris Hewitt, Aldi's Royal Palm Beach division vice president, in a news release. "We challenge shoppers to switch from national brands to our high-quality exclusive brands and stretch their dollars without compromising quality." Like with past Aldi grand openings, I expect many dedicated shoppers will line up early or possibly camp out. However, a competing grand opening — the region's first Wawa also opens Thursday in Stuart at the southeast corner of Kanner Highway and Monterey Road — might split the crowds. Aldi stores primarily carry items most commonly purchased at grocery stores and don't have pharmacy, bakery and deli departments. The store brands are more than 1,300 products and the company says it keeps prices low by using a warehouse layout and minimal staffing. Another cost-saving measure is customers "rent" shopping carts for a quarter. As long as you return your cart, you'll get the quarter back. You also need to bring your own bags and then bag your own groceries. Since Aldi started accepting credit cards in March, I've been a regular shopper and my favorite things to purchase are produce and eggs because of how low the prices are. Because of the store's generous "Double Guarantee," I'm willing to be adventurous and try other products. With the guarantee, if you're not 100 percent satisfied with a product, bring it back and Aldi will replace the product and refund your money. FUTURE STORES Two Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market stores are under construction and more could be in the works. Like the region's first market in St. Lucie West, the old Vero Beach Albertsons, which closed in June 2012, is being replaced by a grocery-only Wal-Mart. A second Port St. Lucie store is being built at the northwest corner of Port St. Lucie Boulevard and Yale Street, north of Darwin Boulevard. A Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market also could replace the Fort Pierce Winn-Dixie that closed in 2013 on U.S. 1 in the Kmart plaza, according to plans on real estate website LoopNet. Wal-Mart officials would not comment on this but if it happens perhaps Aldi would open a store nearby too. Not far from where the Port St. Lucie Wal-Mart is under construction, the city's second Aldi is being built at Gatlin Boulevard and Brighton Street and expected to open this winter, Hewitt said in an email statement. But what about an Aldi in Indian River County? While preliminary plans were filed for a location on State Road 60 near the Wal-Mart Supercenter earlier this year, formal plans haven't been filed yet with the county. The proposed store could go in a plaza on a 9.5-acre lot between the Applebee's and Sonny's BBQ being proposed by Konover South, the same developer of the Stuart Aldi. Although Hewitt said he had no details he could share about a possible Indian River or Vero Beach location, I firmly believe the company will eventually open a store in the county. If not on State Road 60, maybe near the new Wal-Mart. And since Aldi and Wal-Mart are continuing to add stores throughout Florida, I think we'll have more places to shop in the future. Kelly Tyko is a columnist for Treasure Coast Newspapers. This column reflects her opinion. Read her Bargainista tips at TCPalm.com/Bargainista and follow her on Twitter @TCPalmKelly.   1 Share Tweet Email Print Business Sections Business Home Bargainista Sponsored Business Content National Business Bargainista on Twitter Tweets by @TCPalmKelly Now Trending Cleanup of Fort Pierce H.D. King Power Plant sparks redevelopment questions Martin, St. Lucie County public records: Oct. 10 Fired Port St. Lucie City Attorney Pam Booker lands controversial new job and big paycheck News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Newsletters Useful Links Submit Your Stuff Legal Notices Print Ads Newspaper Archive About Us Contact Us Legal Info Advertise with Us Jobs at TCP We Sponsor the Treasure Coast Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad Kindle Android © 2016 TC Palm PRIVACY POLICY/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Terms of Use
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Coca-Cola apologizes for 9/11 display resembling twin towers at Walmart By  Geoff Herbert | gherbert@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author Follow on Twitter on September 09, 2016 at 8:35 AM, updated September 09, 2016 at 9:28 AM Print Email Twitter  Coke Zero meets Ground Zero? Coca-Cola has apologized for a 9/11 display that resembled the World Trade Center before the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Photos online went viral showing cases of Coke cans stacked to look like the twin towers in a Walmart store in Florida. Black Coke Zero cases were in columns, surrounded by red Coca-Cola, gray/white Diet Coke and blue Sprite cases in the shape of the American flag. Above the display was a sign with Coca-Cola and Walmart's logos and the message: "9-11-01: We will never forget." Under the banner is a "Rollback" sign advertising that 12-packs of the soda cans were on sale for $3.33 each. Wal-Mart said store management at its Panama City Beach, Fla., location approved the design, which was criticized as "exploitive" and "disgusting" on social media this week. Two jobs open today. One at @CocaCola for this display idea to honor 9-11. And the mgr at @Walmart that approved it pic.twitter.com/dtGKcLr2Zh— Bert Weiss (@BertShowBert) September 8, 2016 After backlash, Wal-Mart said the display was removed from the store on Wednesday. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display," the retailer told the Associated Press. Coca-Cola's bottler for the region told the AP it was meant to honor local firefighters for an upcoming event "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display," the bottler said. This isn't the first time a brand has been accused of using events like 9/11, where nearly 3,000 people were killed in terrorist attacks coordinated by Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda, to promote products. In 2013, AT&T came under fire for "tacky" ads showing a smartphone taking a photo of the twin lights paying tribute to the former WTC towers in New York City, and Marriott customers found the hotels' offer of free coffee and muffins "in remembrance" to be offensive. About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Barczyk Chiropractic Group Brown’s Furniture Showplace Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: Win KPEL Cash Banquet Pick Em 2016 Wingin’ It Wednesday Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Florida Walmart Faces Backlash Over Controversial 9/11-Themed Coca-Cola Display [PHOTO] By DJ Digital September 9, 2016 6:35 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Coca-Cola and Walmart are facing sharp criticism over a 9/11-themed store display of the Twin Towers in front of the American flag. The in-store display—made entirely from cans—was accompanied by a sign saying “We will never forget” flanked by logos for both Coca-Cola and Walmart. The sign and the display were created to mark the 15 year anniversary of the 2001 attack that took the lives of nearly 3,000 people. Almost immediately after being posted on the internet, the photo (taken at a Panama City Beach Walmart) received backlash from those who thought the display was in poor taste. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 According to the Orlando Weekly, employees at the Panama City Beach Walmart say they were only following orders and that the 9/11 display was “all Coke’s idea.” This is definitely not the first time Walmart has come under fire for questionable store displays (does anyone remember that time they built a tank out of Bud Light to commemorate the 4th of July?) but the display has been dismantled at the time of this post. Many argue that while the intentions may be genuine, it is in poor taste to market a product and/or profit off the 9/11 anniversary. Others feel that those who are offended are simply being too sensitive. What do you think? [via MyFox8] LAFAYETTE POLICE TO CRACK DOWN ON THOSE TEXTING AND DRIVING Filed Under: 911 | Coca Cola | Walmart Category: News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Acadian Village Lights Up The Region Starting December 1st [VIDEO] Duck Dynasty Coming To End, Announces Final Season REPORT: Les Miles On “Short List” For Baylor Head Coach Job Thieves Target Homes With Packages Left At Front Door [VIDEO] Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Brandon Comeaux Rob Kirkpatrick Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Steve Peloquin Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES President Obama Gathers Key Europe Leaders Amid Questions About Trump Dumb Things We Pay For, But Shouldn’t Threat Of Alligators Stops Suspect’s Escape Attempt Restore Louisiana Task Force To Begin Distribution Of Flood Relief Money How Many Acadiana Area Teams Will Win In Second Round Of LHSAA Playoffs? EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 196 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest How early is too early? Walmart starts holiday season The AC is on and we're still wearing shorts, but the giant retailer opened its layaway and released list of top toys. Post to Facebook How early is too early? Walmart starts holiday season The AC is on and we're still wearing shorts, but the giant retailer opened its layaway and released list of top toys.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2cJoPiz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 22 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs How early is too early? Walmart starts holiday season Georgea Kovanis , On Style 9:28 a.m. EDT September 9, 2016 Holiday shopping at Walmart (Photo: Gunnar Rathbun, Invision for Walmart) The AC is on full blast but Walmart has already kicked off the holiday shopping season, The mega retailer has released its list of toys it says kids want most and it's opened its holiday layaway program. Are you excited? Or is this too much, way too early? We want to know. Meanwhile, here are Walmart's top toys; the retailer says they were chosen by kids. (For more information or to shop online: walmart.com) ► My Life As Food Truck  (Walmart exclusive) My Life As Food Truck  (Photo: Walmart) Doc McStuffins Hospital Care Cart  (Photo: Walmart) ► Num Noms' Lipgloss Truck ► Pom Pom Wow Decoration Station ► Doc McStuffins Hospital Care Cart ► FurReal Friends Torch, My Blazin' Dragon ► Hatchimals ► Little Live Pets Puppy Related:12 secrets to get great shopping deals ► Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice Batcave (Walmart exclusive) ► Barbie Rainbow Cove Princess Castle Playset Fisher Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway  (Photo: Walmart) ► Fisher Price Imaginext Bat Flight City ► Fisher Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway ► My Little Pony Explore Equestria Crystal Empire Castle ► Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mega Lair Playset ► Pie Face Showdown! Game (Walmart exclusive) ► Razor PowerCore E100 Electric Scooter (Walmart exclusive) ► Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Remote Control Skateboarding Mikey  (Walmart exclusive) Teenage Mutant NInja Turtles o Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Remote Control Skateboarding Mikey  (Photo: RON BATZDORFF) ► Hot Wheels AI Racing Playset ► Nerf N-Strike Elite HyperFire Blaster ► Tyco Terra Climber Remote Control Vehicle ► VtechGo! Go! Smart Wheels Treasure Mountain Train Adventure Vtech Go! Go! Smart Wheels Treasure Mountain Train Adventure  (Photo: Walmart) ► Disney Princess Carriage (Walmart exclusive) ► Paw Patrol Zooming Marshall ► Sky Viper Streaming Drone ► Star Wars Electronic R2D2 196 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2cJoPiz More Stories Culinary students hold annual bake sale in Dearborn Nov. 17, 2016, 5:30 p.m. Family elder lives life half-baked Nov. 17, 2016, 11:31 p.m. Holiday baking event offered tasty time for all Nov. 17, 2016, 12:09 a.m.
null
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 18, 2016 Around the world: Verona students present Thanksgiving program Gov. Bryant weighs in on withheld education contracts More In News VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 18, 2016 Around the world: Verona students present Thanksgiving program Gov. Bryant weighs in on withheld education contracts Many say funding, not formula is problem with schools Tupelo continues effort to provide utilities to annexed areas View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Tall Fall: Bulldogs can’t contain 7-6 center Featured Mississippi State women winning recruiting battle By Logan Lowery Daily Journal STARKVILLE – Vic Schaefer’s success at Mississippi State is translating to the recruiting trail as well. Over the... Business BancorpSouth CFO Prater retiring in March $500K available for bicentennial events Custom Engineered Wheels rebuilding in Baldwyn More In Business BancorpSouth CFO Prater retiring in March $500K available for bicentennial events Custom Engineered Wheels rebuilding in Baldwyn Square business owners give thoughts on parking garage DENNIS SEID: Entrepreneur’s social media platform could be big deal View all posts in Business Lifestyle All kinds of thanks: City hosts community Thanksgiving service Casting Crowns returns to Tupelo Piano Extravaganza set for First United Methodist Church More In Lifestyle All kinds of thanks: City hosts community Thanksgiving service Casting Crowns returns to Tupelo Piano Extravaganza set for First United Methodist Church NERD’S EYE VIEW: Death by misadventure Screen Scene: Humans make first contact with aliens in ‘Arrival’ View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion BILL MINOR: Trump’s scariest tack is with Putin CAL THOMAS: GOP won, Democrats lost; deal with it Letters to the Editor: Nov. 17, 2016 More In Opinion BILL MINOR: Trump’s scariest tack is with Putin CAL THOMAS: GOP won, Democrats lost; deal with it Letters to the Editor: Nov. 17, 2016 OUR OPINION: Achievement gaps aren’t necessarily uncrossable OUR OPINION: Brief comment session inadequate for topic View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Tupelo CVB names Russell market strategist Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 18, 2016 VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 17, 2016 Freeze after practice: No comment on Farrar, likes what he’s seen in practice Video: Mario Kegler VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 16, 2016 No. 10 Bulldogs play Tulane in Biloxi Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Dollar General stores opening in area Dollar General stores opening in area Posted on September 9, 2016 by Dennis Seid in Business, News Adam Robison | Buy at photos.djournal.com Dollar General, in the former Walmart Express store in Nettleton, has a soft opening on Saturday. A grand opening will be held Oct. 1. By Dennis Seid Daily Journal Some former Walmart Express locations are reopening this weekend as Dollar General stores. Dollar General bought 41 of the former Walmart Express stores in 11 states for an undisclosed sum in July. Included in the purchase were five locations in Mississippi: Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton andSardis. Dollar General did not buy the location in Walnut, but it does have a store there. The new expanded Dollar General stores – which offer fresh meat, produce and fuel – are having soft openings in Belmont, Mantachie and Nettleton on Saturday. Dollar General said it will celebrate the stores’ official grand openings later this month and next month. At each grand-opening event, which will begin at 8 a.m., the first 50 adult customers will receive a free three-pound package of ground beef, the first 100 adult customers will receive a $10 Dollar General gift card and the first 200 shoppers will receive a Dollar General tote bag with assorted samples, among other giveaways. Donuts and coffee will be served in the morning while hot dogs and drinks will be available beginning at 11 a.m. Belmont and Mantachie will have grand openings on Sept. 24, while the Nettleton store will have its event Oct. 1 The store in Derma still is being renovated and will open in “mid-fall,” according to Dollar General. The new stores are about12,000 square feet, compared to a traditional Dollar General format that is some 9,100 square feet. Each of the new stores will employ about 15 people. “Dollar General is committed to delivering a pleasant shopping experience that includes a convenient location, a wide assortment of merchandise and great prices on quality products,” said Dan Nieser, Dollar General’s senior vice president of real estate and store development. “We hope our customers will enjoy shopping at Dollar General’s new locations.” dennis.seid@journalinc.com Twiter: @dennisseid Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Missouri appeals court order to reveal execution drug source Dueling groups accuse city of unfair treatment → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Do you agree that most achievement gaps can be overcome? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages Daily Journal Ole Miss football assistant placed on leave MHSAA reclassification: Mooreville, Oxford move on up Piano Extravaganza set for First United Methodist Church Union County woman pleads guilty in Jessica Chambers scam Freeze after practice: No comment on Farrar, likes what he's seen in practice Gifts for TPD: THS seniors present art for new police station PARRISH ALFORD: Egg Bowl storylines evolve Corinth man charged with assaulting Tishomingo County deputy Tupelo mayor will host re-election event tonight Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
null

null
null
null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out business Search Industries Small Business Money Farming World Better Business Nurture Change 2016 Opinion & Analysis Tools The practice of using 9/11 to market consumer goods backfires TRAVIS M ANDREWS Last updated 13:47, September 9 2016 @online_shawn/TWITTER Companies across the United States employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. As the 15th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, many Americans are preparing themselves for a day of reflection. For some, it will involve mourning. For others, it will be an opportunity to look forward. But for some folks who work in marketing, it'll be another chance to do a little #branding. Each year, companies across the US employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. This year is no different, as evidenced by a Coca-Cola display prominently erected in the middle of a Walmart in Panama City Beach, Florida. READ MORE: * Change, crash, burn: Seven top re-branding failures * Maori TV wrestles with brand identity as it seeks more viewers * BP loses fight for the colour green * Products that flopped worse than Coke Life The display is composed of 12 packs of Coca-Cola original (red boxes), Diet Coke (silver boxes) and Sprite (blue boxes) arranged in the shape of a giant American flag. Before the flag stands two large rectangles composed of 12 packs of Coke Zero (black boxes), which are clearly meant to represent the twin towers. Hanging above the display is a banner bearing both Coca-Cola and Walmart's logos. Over an image of the pre-9/11 New York City skyline are the words "We Will Never Forget," and in the top right corner is "9-11-01." Under the banner is a sign announcing that Coca-Cola 12 packs are on sale for $3.33. "Rollback," the sign states. The display first came to the public's attention through a tweet by a user named @online_shawn, which has been retweeted 2,955 times and liked 4560 times. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Ad Feedback Needless to say, anger rolled in. "This is one of the lamest things I've ever seen," tweeted one user. Another called it "crass commercialization." "Utterly tasteless," tweeted a third. "Is that real?!" asked one user. "Dear God, tell me that isn't real." Etcetera, ad nauseam. Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display, which was conceived by Coke and approved by Walmart, was currently being taken down. Neither Walmart nor Coke is the first company to come under fire for invoking the national tragedy as a means to sell stuff. Each year, companies roll out deals and tweets associated with the attacks, and each year they face a tidal wave of backlash and outrage in response. One of the more galling examples came in 2014 when the Birmingham, Alabama-based clothing company Tied to the South requested 2,296 retweets, one for each person who had lost his/her life in the attack. The tweet showed one of the towers, just after the attack. The tweet, like all of the following examples, has been removed after public outcry but not before an intrepid Internet user snapped a screenshot. Birmingham-based tie company @TiedtotheSouth asks for a RT for everybody who died with a pic of Tower 1 gushing smoke pic.twitter.com/pSqoVPEXI3— Sam Thielman* (@samthielman) September 11, 2014 That same year the Twiiter account for the Timehop app, that markets itself as "a time capsule of you", posted a tweet with two photos: one showing its dinosaur mascot looking at an animated New York City cityscape with two beams of light where the towers were, and another showing the dinosaur pointing at the first photo and saying "Memba dis?" Absolutely #breathtaking 9/11 tribute: cartoon dinosaur asking "memba dis?". Do u memba? Memba when the towers fell? pic.twitter.com/pFLSwncTa6— Helena Bottom-Farter (@solikebasically) September 11, 2014 Finally, Build-a-Bear, the company that allows customers to create their own stuffed teddy bears, tweeted a now-retracted photo of a bear in fatigues, which one prominent user called tone-deaf. Hey @buildabear, do you guys have a workshop for building tone-deafness? pic.twitter.com/RY3xn662Le— Miles Kahn (@mileskahn) September 11, 2014 Some companies quietly remove the tweet, while others like AT&T, which in 2013 posted a photograph of a telephone photographing the Tribute in Light searchlights, issue an apology, tweeting: "We apologise to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy." We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy.— AT&T (@ATT) September 11, 2013 Randall Stephenson, AT&T Chairman and CEO later told AdWeek, "Yesterday, we did a post on social media intended to honour those impacted by the events of 9/11. Unfortunately, the image used in the post fell woefully short of honouring the lives lost on that tragic day." Many users have wondered why some brands feel the need to acknowledge it at all. @WhiteCastle @twerkrobot why do fast food chains keep doing this? "remember the dead. by the way, burgers"— headphone jackoff (@diss1) September 11, 2014 It becomes even more head-scratching when companies that sell adult products participate. Both Fleshlight and Intimacy Box, companies that sell adult products, tweeted about the attacks in 2014 - the latter even offered a 40 per cent discount. In fact, the practice has become common. In remembrance of 9/11 we will be doing a patriotic special drink! 15%off Vanilla Blasts if you want it dyed red... http://t.co/VRUUBqvFOB— Caffeine Supreme (@CaffeineSupreme) September 11, 2014 After the satirical website the Onion created a fake ad for Subway promising two footlong subs for $9.11 with the tagline "Fly on in for Subtember 11″ and displaying a truly offensive photograph, one location accepted the coupon as if it were real. The corporation itself quickly took issue with the satirical ad, tweeting: "Like everyone, we are deeply offended by the fake story and ad created by The Onion." Each of the incidents spark outrage. So much so that experts suggest companies avoid the sombre anniversary completely. "We've been saying to people, there's probably no right way to do this," J Walker Smith, executive chairman at the Futures Company consultancy, told the New York Times in 2011. "If I were a marketer, I would let the moment pass. Anything you do could be seen as self-serving or disrespectful." Marian Salzman, an author and marketing expert, agreed. "On one level, you want to convey a sense of empathy and sympathy and patriotism. On another level, there's a belief that every milestone in American history has been turned into a marketing opportunity," Salzman told the Times. "My advice would be to go dark. There's no place for brands to live." But if the Walmart/Coke display in Florida is any indication, some brands are still learning.  - The Washington Post Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next World story: Facebook weeds out clickbait from News Feed, says don't rely on Facebook for all your news Business Homepage Comments business headlines Kaikoura 'needs a miracle' $5m aid package for quake farmers First tourists on the water Bike station in the heart of cycle city Kaikoura fishery closure on cards Paul Henry's wine sells out Auckland port heeds Wellington's call Mortgage fraudster jailed Gone: Jaybees jelly beans 'Ready to go' tsunami warning system on shelf South Island open for business Lifeline falls short for Seddon Roadside sheep slaughter Tables 'sparkle' at new McDonalds Queensgate still closed Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake 23 foods you might be saying wrong special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 774 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Her name was Rebekah: Aftermath of domestic violence In the wake of a violent death, seven years later. Post to Facebook Her name was Rebekah: Aftermath of domestic violence In the wake of a violent death, seven years later.  Check out this story on newsleader.com: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/local/2016/09/08/her-name-rebekah/89660056/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Her name was Rebekah: Aftermath of domestic violence Traci Moyer , tmoyer@newsleader.com 3:16 p.m. EDT September 12, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share In 2009, Rebekah Gibson, 20, a former resident of Waynesboro, was murdered by Ridge Lee Huffman in Buckhannon, W. Va. Seven years after her death, her parents, David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro talk about their daughter and domestic violence. Holly Marcus/Special to The News Leader In the wake of a violent death, seven years later. Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro had made a little scrapbook for her daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia, that was returned to her with her daughter's belongings. (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) 774 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE In the early morning hours of a cold and rainy January night in 2009, police responded to a 911 call about two people arguing in a Wal-Mart Superstore parking lot. The caller said it looked like the man was smashing up a car with a baseball bat. When the police arrived, the couple was nowhere to be found. With only a vague description of the couple and the car they drove, the police began searching for them in what is called a "rolling domestic" incident. Police did not know it at the time, but before the night was over the couple they were looking for would be involved in another incident, this one ending with the violent death of the young woman. Her name was Rebekah. * A SONG AND A PRAYER A mother and daughter, once close, are pulling apart and having difficulty communicating with each other. Despite or perhaps because of their exceptional closeness from years of homeschooling in Waynesboro, pride and protection, self-assertion and rejection get in the way. The daughter moves out. In the summer of 2008, the mother sends her a small scrapbook with a handful of childhood photos, a CD and song lyrics, trying to show her daughter what she cannot say. She prays for her child’s safe passage through young adulthood every night. The song is “In My Arms” by Plumb: “And as I watch / You start to grow up / All I can do / Is hold you tight / Knowing clouds will rage and / Storms will race in / But you will be / Safe in my arms.” The daughter thanks her mom politely for the gift, but in a journal entry she shows how truly moved she was by her mother’s gesture. “One day, mom, you’re going to know how much this means to me. It made me understand and see you in a whole new way. I love you so much. I’m sorry I have hurt you and made you so sad many times. Thank you for always seeing me even when sometimes I didn’t, and no one else did either.” By the time her mother reads this note, two years have passed. It’s a conversation she wishes they’d been able to have in person. But now that is impossible. * In the last hours before dawn of Jan. 28, 2009, Ridge Lee Huffman of Stuarts Draft parks outside his father’s house in Buckhannon, West Virginia. He walks inside  and tells his father and brother that he killed Rebekah and left her outside in the car. The family rushes out to find her body in the passenger seat, covered by a blanket. They try to reach her, but the door is locked and Huffman is inside the house, already asleep. Huffman’s brother dials 911. “I find myself asking why I couldn’t have just driven through, seen what was happening and stopped the violence before her life was taken”Lt. Doug Loudin, Buckhannon (W. Va.) Police ‘A TERRIBLE EVENT’ “It was a brutal murder,” said Matt Gregory, chief of police of Buckhannon, West Virginia. A murder the community of 5,550 living along the Buckhannon River still remembers. One man, who investigated and helped solve the crime, cannot forget it. Buckhannon Police Lt. Doug Loudin never met the victim, 20-year-old Rebekah Gibson, yet seven years after her death he vividly recalls details surrounding her murder without pulling a single police record. David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro look through a scrapbook that Nancy Jo put together that contains memories and photos from the life of their daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) He knows she died in the early morning hours. He knows that the night before it had snowed several inches. It rained hard the night Rebekah was killed, washing away snow and blood alike from the entrance to a shopping center where Ridge Huffman pulled Rebekah from his car and smashed a Maker's Mark whiskey bottle over her head. The blow from the bottle itself was enough to kill her, according to a coroner’s report Rebekah’s father David Gibson saw. Huffman then cut her throat twice with a boxcutter and shoved her back in the car, throwing a blanket over her. In the daytime the intersection where Huffman attacked Rebekah might be among the most bustling in Buckhannon, with an Arby’s restaurant right across the access road and two gas stations and a donut shop within a few tenths of a mile. At that hour of the morning, there were no witnesses to Rebekah's murder but the rain and the mute streetlights. Loudin remembers that night because he was on patrol. He drove by the site several times within a few hours of the murder. “It always sticks in the back of my mind," he said. "Anytime I go to Wal-Mart, anytime I drive down the street where the car was found, I think about it." Several police calls were made that night by people who saw the arguing couple at different locations and different times of the night, Loudin says. Like ripples in a pond expanding outward, the information was getting to police just a little too late. After pushing Rebekah back into the car, Huffman drove around the corner to a Sheetz station.  He tried to bum a cigarette off a store clerk who was "creeped out" by him, Loudin said. Rebekah's body was outside in the parked car, visible on security video. “I find myself asking why I couldn’t have just driven through, seen what was happening and stopped the violence before her life was taken,” Loudin wrote in a letter to Rebekah’s mother Nancy Jo. “For that, I feel I failed to protect Rebekah.” Ridge Huffman drove away from the gas station, taking with him the life of a young woman. The ripple of violence widened. But it may have begun even before that night. * Rebekah, the youngest child of David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro, was known for her love of animals, Doris Day movies and classic rock music. “She was a precious, kind, loving person who was very wounded,” said her mother Nancy Jo. “What perpetrators of domestic violence do, in my opinion, is they prey on wounded people. They manage to convince these women that this is all they are worthy of.” Buy Photo Nancy Jo and David Gibson of Waynesboro talk about their daughter, who was killed at age 20 in 2009.  (Photo: Holly Marcus/Special to The News Leader) In an effort to shield Rebekah’s mother from the details surrounding her daughter's death, the family had remained silent about Rebekah’s murder. When The News Leader retraced the lives of women who died at the hands of men in their life, the family said they wanted to share their story. Huffman, who had briefly dated Rebekah, was later sentenced to life for her murder. The story is not about him. Like a stone dropped in a pond sinks to its resting place below, he disappears from this story. It’s the ripples we are tracking. It’s the widening impact of a violent and deadly act. * PREMONITION AND GRIEF Months before her daughter’s death, Rebekah’s mother, Nancy Jo Gibson, wrote her thoughts and heartaches in a journal. All the entries start with a prayer and often beg for help. Many of the entries were filled with fears and tears. “Father, my heart is troubled over Rebekah,” Nancy Jo wrote on Dec. 6, 2008. “I do not know what, if anything is wrong, but I have a foreboding feeling.” The entries are almost psalm-like at times in asking for guidance for herself, and for Rebekah: “I ask You to be hard at work in her heart, mind, and circumstances, Father God, using all things to draw her ever closer to You and bringing her ever nearer to the place of complete surrender to You and Your will for her life.” Her concerns for her daughter’s behavior often intersect concerns that worldly attentions are pulling her away from her God. On Dec. 22, 2008, during a visit from Rebekah for the holiday, she wrote, “Father God, I confess to You that as I have been plunged back into a time of fear, grief, questioning, hurt, disappointment over Rebekah, I have pulled away from You. I am sorry, Lord. I need You desperately!” Later she realized perhaps she’d been pulling away from her daughter as well. “I didn’t stop loving them ever,” she said, speaking about her children, “but that openness of affection — I would withdraw that from them,” she said. Nancy Jo said one of her greatest regrets is refusing to visit her daughter or go to her apartment after Rebekah moved in with a boyfriend. David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro hold a scrapbook that Nancy Jo put together that contains memories and photos from the life of their daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) Even before Rebekah came to visit for the Christmas holidays, with her new friend — Huffman, the brother of one of her roommates — who'd provided the ride from West Virginia, Nancy Jo had an uneasy feeling. “In looking back over my journaling, I felt in my heart that something was wrong before Rebekah came home on the 15th,” Nancy Jo wrote. “Those feelings of unease, however, did not prepare me for the hurt that came about when it was evident she was, once again, on a path of destruction. “What I envisioned as a wonderful Christmas with Rebekah, spent shopping, decorating, cooking, and just enjoying her was dashed when she was rarely home, being out all hours with Ridge, who had brought her home from (West Virginia). We had a few good times when she was home, but I had a very difficult time seeing her leave with this young man who was obviously a bad influence, and returning home less than the happy, respectful young woman we had last seen in (West Virginia).” The journal entries continued with Nancy Jo seeking protection for her daughter and praise for any progress between the two. They are also filled with more concern over Ridge’s presence in her daughter’s life. In January 2009, she wrote, “Rebekah left home and was staying with another girl, but was also hanging out with Ridge. Ridge’s foster father and brother came by our house looking for him. They had much concern as did we. My prayers were focused on getting Rebekah to the point where we could get her the help she desperately needed, and asking the Lord to please help me with my sadness and helplessness. “On the 28th, it was obvious something was terribly wrong.” Friends from church came over, and her husband was left work early to meet her at home. Nancy Jo was sure she knew what had happened — she was sure her prayers had been answered. “I had been praying, and was sure the Lord had answered my prayer that Rebekah be picked up by law enforcement so that she would have no option other than to allow us to get her the help she needed. “I was prepared to hear that she was in jail. It would not be fun or easy, but I felt it would open the door for her to grow strong in the Lord and become a mighty woman of God. “I was not prepared in the least to hear that my child was dead.” * Rebekah’s aunt Beth Colbert said the relationship between her niece and Huffman was similar to a phrase from a popular song — a “slow fade.” “I think it's the same with relationship violence — a jealous fit turns to being grabbed to being hit and before you know it, you are OK with being abused and defending the abuser.” Colbert said children need to be educated about the cycle of abuse and when abuse happens, people need to tell someone. She didn’t always think like this. Colbert was an adjunct instructor at Blue Ridge Community College at the time of her niece’s death. She was teaching a student orientation that had a chapter on healthy relationships and the warning signs of domestic violence and abuse. THE NEWS LEADER Special Report: Domestic Violence | newsleader.com “I skipped over it,” she said. “I thought it wasn’t that big of a deal and there were more chapters than weeks for the class. I don’t know who I thought it did happen to, but it definitely didn’t happen in my family.” After her niece’s death, Colbert extensively researched the topic of domestic violence, adding statistics — and Rebekah’s story — to the chapter’s coverage. “It’s still commonly called domestic abuse and it’s so much more than that, it’s intimate partner abuse and there are different types of abuse and relationships where it happens,” she said. “I’m not sure anyone Is talking to kids about it.” Colbert said a society tends to assign blame to the victim when domestic violence occurs. She said Rebekah found herself in a “mess,” but it’s hard to pinpoint when or how it started. “She didn't just jump from a sweet little girl to this life in West Virginia,” Colbert said. “It was a slow fade and she couldn't find her way back.” * MOTHER AND DAUGHTER Talking to Nancy Jo about her grief, some details emerge that shed direct light on Rebekah and on the softer side of their relationship. Rebekah was a perfectionist in her school work. Nancy Jo said she often put a sticker on her children’s homework telling them they did a great job, even if an answer or two was incorrect. Rebekah would peel the stickers off. Rebekah Gibson is buried in Augusta Memorial Park in Waynesboro near the edge of the cemetery where there are horses in the adjoining field, her parents, David and Nancy Jo, said she enjoyed riding horses when she was younger. Gibson, originally from Waynesboro, was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) “It needed to be perfect for her,” Nancy Jo said. “She did well in her studies and she would stick to her work and always get it done.” Despite how she describes herself in strict, judgmental terms, Nancy Jo was a homeschooling parent who also enjoyed a little fun with her children, with an innate understanding about some of the more enjoyable elements of public school. Nancy Jo said she home schooled her children as close to the public school system as possible — including observing snow days. “I always loved snow days when I was growing up,” she said. * There are things Nancy Jo says she could have done differently. “There was a huge layer of protection, and in my case, overprotection and insulating from reality,” she said. Nancy Jo said she kept her homeschooled children away from people who were not living the way she thought they should live, or the way God says people should live. Looking back, Nancy Jo said she is embarrassed by some of her attitudes toward people and the way she shielded her children. “Things like people with tattoos,” she said. “I would judge them and I wouldn’t want my kids around them. I don’t think that way anymore.” * Nancy Jo said there were signs her daughter was starting to pull away from the family when she was 17 — suddenly she did not want to spend time with family, and she started smoking and drinking alcohol. “She would stay out all night or we would make plans and she wouldn’t show up,” Nancy Jo said. “She became dishonest and sneaky. Deceptive. There was not that openness and there was a secrecy about things.” That’s when things started to fall apart for them both, Nancy Jo said. “I was not one to extend grace or to try to find out where the broken heart of that behavior stemmed from,” said Nancy Jo as she sat at the kitchen table and struggled to speak through her tears. “I was very unaware that pride and critical spirit and judgmental attitudes are every bit as sinful to the Lord as external behavior. “I did not recognize my need for God’s grace and therefore I was not able to extend grace.” * SCRAPBOOK Compiling a scrapbook of memories about her daughter was a constant reminder of the “hole she left in my heart,” Nancy Jo Gibson said. The scrapbook might also come as close as any of us can get to knowing what type of person Rebekah was. The Rebekah who was a daughter and sister and student and teenager; who was not a victim. David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro hold a scrapbook that Nancy Jo put together that contains memories and photos from the life of their daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) A collection of memories in images and words reveals a girl who was the youngest of three children, the only daughter in the family. A girl who grew up in Waynesboro, who loved to ride horses and listen to an Aerosmith song or two. A vivacious, dark-haired girl whose curiosity translated well in her homeschooling, her mother said. A girl with her nose in a book. A girl who insisted on hand-raising two kittens after they were discovered in a backyard woodpile.  Or fed two baby squirrels with eyedroppers until the tiny orphans were taken to the Wildlife Center of Virginia. Sprinkled throughout the book are photos of Rebekah hugging, laughing and caught unaware by a camera lens. There is a copy of her obituary and handwritten notes from the police officer, Loudin, who investigated her death. There are also letters Rebekah wrote which were found after she was killed. While the book is crammed with scraps of paper, notes and celebrations, it fails to capture the one thing her mother misses the most — Rebekah’s laughter. Raw emotion is tucked away inside. Like the note with long space-absorbing dashes where words failed to capture a mother's feelings of loss and despair. Photos of a smiling, teenage Rebekah Jane Gibson, her hair pulled back into a smart ponytail, surround the note. * COMING HOME Lt. Loudin said Rebekah was attempting to return to her family in Waynesboro when Huffman killed her. “She missed her mom and she was going to go back and he didn’t want her to go back,” he said. “He was convinced Rebekah was his girlfriend and they were a couple,” said David Gibson, Rebekah’s father. “To be so young and murdered in such a brutal way… this forever changed our family,” her aunt Beth Colbert said. While Nancy Jo often journaled her emotions and feelings, she was unaware her daughter was doing the same. When she found her daughter’s response to the scrapbook she’d sent her in 2008, two years later and months after Rebekah’s killer had been sentenced, Nancy Jo could see she and her daughter had been closer than even she had thought. It was a singular acknowledgment of a daughter and mother’s bond, coming full circle around a ripple born of suffering, back to its source. Rebekah Gibson is buried in Augusta Memorial Park in Waynesboro near the edge of the cemetery where there are horses in the adjoining field, her parents, David and Nancy Jo, said she enjoyed riding horses when she was younger. Gibson, originally from Waynesboro, was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) THE NEWS LEADER Secret cousins: Black & white family 774 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/local/2016/09/08/her-name-rebekah/89660056/ TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Worn flags retired and burned 2:18 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Fort Defiance at Waynesboro game recap 1:13 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Museum keeps school's legacy alive 1:24 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 More Stories Path to losing, keeping off pounds Nov. 16, 2016, 2:40 p.m. Alone on Thanksgiving? Here are places to go Nov. 18, 2016, 6:23 a.m. News Leader Football Picks — Week 13 Nov. 17, 2016, 12:13 p.m. YMCA Turkey Trot is back Nov. 18, 2016, 12:06 a.m.
null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com People on the move Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Legal pot can get you fired Arrest in SJPD shooting 16th Tech Awards Aldon Smith waits on NFL Abortion by mail Free state parks admission Business People on the move Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Greg Young | gyoung@bayareanewsgroup.com September 11, 2016 at 1:00 am Ayse Ildeniz of Silver Spring Networks: The San Jose networking platform and services provider for smart energy networks appointed Ayse Ildeniz chief operating officer. Recently, she held executive positions at Intel. Edward Graubart of Ceterix Orthopaedics: The Menlo Park provider of surgical tools that improve a surgeon’s ability to perform minimally invasive orthopaedic procedures, appointed Edward Graubart vice president of sales. He is a former executive at NuVasive. Eric Sager of BlueVine: The Palo Alto online provider of everyday financing to small businesses appointed Eric Sager chief revenue officer. He is former head of sales at Square. Jonathan Ward of Pelvalon: The Sunnyvale medical device company named Jonathan Ward vice president of sales. Previously, he held positions at Boston Scientific. Leslie Campbell of Coupa Software: The San Mateo cloud-based spend management software provider named Leslie Campbell to its board of directors. Previously, she held positions at Dell. Lucas Watson of Intuit: The Mountain View maker of QuickBooks and TurboTax software named Lucas Watson executive vice president, chief marketing and sales officer. Recently, he served as vice president of global brand solutions and innovations at Google. Michael Fey of Symantec: The Mountain View provider of cybersecurity named Michael Fey president and chief operating officer. He held the position of president and COO at Blue Coat Systems before Symantec acquired the company. Tammi Cooper of Fidelis Education: The Redwood City provider of software for out-of-class student support services appointed Tammi Cooper executive director and principal. She is former vice president for innovation and associate provost at the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor. Venkat Achanta of Neustar: The neutral provider of real-time information services named Venkat Achanta chief data and analytics officer and will work in the San Francisco office. Previously, he served as chief data officer at Walmart. Show Caption of Expand Venkat Achanta, Neustar The neutral provider of real-time information services named Venkat Achanta chief data and analytics officer and will work in the San Francisco office. Previously, he served as chief data officer at Walmart. Leslie Campbell, Coupa Software The San Mateo cloud-based spend management software provider named Leslie Campbell to its board of directors. Previously, she held positions at Dell. Tammi Cooper, Fidelis Education The Redwood City provider of software for out-of-class student support services appointed Tammi Cooper executive director and principal. She is former vice president for innovation and associate provost at the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor. Michael Fey, Symantec The Mountain View provider of cybersecurity named Michael Fey president and chief operating officer. He held the position of president and COO at Blue Coat Systems before Symantec acquired the company. Edward Graubart, Ceterix Orthopaedics The Menlo Park provider of surgical tools that improve a surgeon’s ability to perform minimally invasive orthopaedic procedures, appointed Edward Graubart vice president of sales. He is a former executive at NuVasive. Ayse Ildeniz, Silver Spring Networks The San Jose networking platform and services provider for smart energy networks appointed Ayse Ildeniz chief operating officer. Recently, she held executive positions at Intel. Eric Sager, BlueVine The Palo Alto online provider of everyday financing to small businesses appointed Eric Sager chief revenue officer. He is former head of sales at Square. Jonathan Ward, Pelvalon The Sunnyvale medical device company named Jonathan Ward vice president of sales. Previously, he held positions at Boston Scientific. Lucas Watson, Intuit The Mountain View maker of QuickBooks and TurboTax software named Lucas Watson executive vice president, chief marketing and sales officer. Recently, he served as vice president of global brand solutions and innovations at Google. Tags:  People On The Move Greg Young Greg Young writes the People on the Move column, a feature that highlights the newly appointed execs for page 2 of the Sunday biz section. He also compiles data for the VC survey, generate tech indexes, and puts together a quarterly earnings report of Silicon Valley high tech co. Born and raised in the South Bay, he attended San Jose City College and graduated with an AA, general ed. He also entrepreneurial minded, is building a business with an emphasis on financial education. Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Marijuana may be legal in California, but it can still get you fired San Jose police investigate Evergreen homicide; 45th of the year Los Gatos: Angry residents storm out of water meeting Kawakami: Why Patrick McCaw is a big piece of the Warriors’ present… and future Disneyland upgrades: Star Wars, Guardians coming soon Raiders’ Aldon Smith now eligible for reinstatement Kanye West booed in San Jose by shoe-throwing fans SCU students walk out in solidarity with undocumented immigrants More in Business U.S. stocks hardly move as energy rises, health care falls November 18, 2016, 7:21 am U.S. stocks were hardly changed in Friday morning trading as energy companies rose with the price of oil and health care stocks traded lower. Retailers Gap, Abercrombie & Fitch and Williams-Sonoma dropped after they gave weak quarterly reports, while discount retailer Ross Stores advanced. An entertaining holiday gift guide for techies November 18, 2016, 7:23 am With the holidays upon us, Tech Files columnist Troy Wolverton offers some holiday gift ideas for techies, focusing on the most exciting ones — entertainment products. Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal November 18, 2016, 6:58 am Volkswagen announced plans Friday to cut 30,000 jobs in a wide-ranging restructuring of its namesake brand as it tries to recover from a scandal over cars rigged to cheat on diesel emissions tests. Marilyn Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song sells for $4.8 Million November 18, 2016, 6:53 am Officials say a dress worn by Marilyn Monroe as she famously sang “Happy Birthday” to President John. F. Kennedy has sold for nearly $5 million at a Los Angeles auction. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Even businesses that don't rely on Hanjin could be caught in cargo crisis Fortune 9/9/2016 Jeremy Quittner Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Cargo chaos at sea CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT Michael Brey has a lot on his mind. Like many retail owners , the president and founder of Hobby Works, a four-location hobby and toy store based in Laurel, Maryland, is gearing up for the holiday selling season. That includes putting in orders of his specialty totes for the paraphernalia of hobby enthusiasts, which he manufactures using a Chinese factory. But he's worried his shipments will be delayed, thanks to the bankruptcy of South Korean shipping giant Hanjin, which at the end of August sent shock waves throughout the commercial world when it announced it would enter receivership. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.77 -0.42 -0.61% MSC Co Ltd 009780 ▲ 14,050.00 +450.00 +3.31% Kohl's Corp KSS ▲ 55.36 +0.85 +1.56% National Retail Properties Inc NNN ▲ 41.54 +0.08 +0.19% Not only is Hanjin responsible for nearly 8% of all trans-Pacific trade volume, but its failure comes at a time when retailers large and small are putting in their final orders with manufacturers and stocking up in preparation for the holiday shopping season. Hanjin, the seventh-largest shipper in the world, has reportedly left stranded nearly half of its fleet of 100 vessels in ports around the world. Although Hanjin is said to be working on the solution, its ships, carrying billions of dollars worth of merchandise, are unable to pay the terminal operators the various offloading and fuel surcharge fees required to get the cargo moving. Eliminating such a large carrier also constricts the shipping pipeline for new shipments until the crisis is resolved. Brey, whose company has 50 employees and annual revenue of $6 million, says he probably ships about 12 containers a year using the Evergreen Line and MSC Cargo. Yet even though he doesn't use Hanjin, he believes the shipments of his product are in jeopardy. "This is the time when all the big boys–the Walmarts and Amazons and Kohl's of the world–are pushing their factories to get their products manufactured and shipped to the states and ready to move to stores," Brey says. "If we have prearranged with [our shippers] to do two containers at the end of November, and then Walmart says we need this entire ship, guess what will happen to me."© Provided by Fortune Operations At A Hanjin Newport Co. (HJNC) Terminal The largest retailers and their vendors have well-established shipping contingency plans for emergencies such as bankruptcy or natural disasters, which enable them to shift from one carrier to another to ensure proper delivery of products, says Jonathan Gold, vice president for supply chain and customs policy for the National Retail Federation. That's not necessarily the case for smaller retailers, who lack the scale of their larger competitors. "There is the potential that smaller retailers could be harmed," Gold said. One reason is that contingency plans for smaller businesses can be radically more expensive. Freight forwarding companies such as Unitrans Worldwide, a 12-employee company based in Randolph, Massachusetts, for example, provide full-service shipping arrangements to small manufacturers and retailers. During the West Coast port shutdown in 2015, Lindsay Barich, the company's chief executive and founder, said he was able to manage deliveries to other ports throughout the U.S. Given the timing of Hanjin's bankruptcy, some of Barich's customers have found their only option is shipping their cargo by plane, he says. For example, Barich says he helped a local manufacturer and retailer of sporting goods products transport its polo shirts, golf shoes, and belts using an air carrier, so it would have the products in time for the holidays. Yet the expedited service came at a steep cost, of about $11,000 for the order, more than three times the cost of shipping the cargo by boat. "They paid an exorbitant amount of money for something that could have gone by ocean," Barich says. Related: Why Fintech Startups Are Flocking to a 124-Year-Old Bank in Kansas Rising shipping costs and delays related to the Hanjin bankruptcy are also something that Bryan Pate, the chief executive and co-founder of ElliptiGo, a San Diego-based elliptical bicycle manufacturer with 22 employees, says are now on his radar . The company ships about 40 containers worth of product a year from Taiwan, destined for 250 retailers around the U.S. as well as for sale online at its own website. Pate says his director of operations has gotten shipping estimates that are between 15% and 75% higher from his own freight forwarder, which uses Hanjin, among other large worldwide shippers. "We were shocked to hear the news," Pate says. He adds that the company could handle a small rate increase , but would have a hard time continuing to expand if rates were to jump 75%. "That would cost us about $80,000 a year, which is like adding another employee," Pate says. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Fortune The U.S. Is ‘Deeply Concerned’ with Russia’s Decision to Block LinkedIn Fortune How to Be a Good Person in a Bad System Fortune Watch the Amazon Ad That Tries to Heal America Fortune Here’s Why the Stock Market Loves Donald Trump Fortune Fortune View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Previous Next At least 23 people killed in explosion and fire at Bangladeshi packaging factory that supplies firms including Nestle and British American Tobacco  Dozens more have been injured the massive blast near Dhaka which happened earlier this morning  The fire spread very quickly because a large amount of flammable chemicals were stored at the factory 50 people could be injured - at least six burns victims at local hospital were in a critical condition It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring the blaze under control after a boiler reportedly exploded Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh following 2013 incident in which 1,135 people died By Paddy Dinham For Mailonline Published: 08:27 EST, 10 September 2016 | Updated: 12:46 EST, 10 September 2016 e-mail 512 shares 5 View comments A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens, officials said. Fire officials said that the explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka was huge, and that the fire spread quickly because flammable chemicals were stored at the factory. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in critical condition, said Mohammed Bacchu Mia, a police official at the hospital. He confirmed that at least 23 people had died. Scroll down for video. A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens, officials said Fire officials said that the explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils Ltd. factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka was huge The fire triggered by the blast spread very quickly because there were flammable chemicals that were stored inside the factory Firefighters are silhouetted against smoke as they work to put out a fire at a packaging factory. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Seabed 'lifts' out of the water following NZ earthquake Watch video Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Watch video New Zealand earthquake transforms road into cliff Watch video Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Watch video Shocking moment police officer brutally punches woman in face Watch video Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Watch video Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Watch video Baltimore teacher calls black 8th graders 'punk a-- n----s' Watch video Steven Mnuchin: 'A lot of exciting things in the first hundred days' Watch video Mayor Bill de Blasio talked 'stop and frisk' with Trump Watch video NYPD has person of interest in custody for Joey Comunale's murder Local TV stations said about 50 people were injured in all, as smoke billowed from the factory and the fire engulfed part of the upper floors. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M.  In 2012, a fire at a garment factory in a Dhaka suburb killed 112 workers.  A year later, a commercial complex near Dhaka housing five garment factories collapsed, killing 1,135 people, Bangladesh's worst industrial disaster. Firefighters on a ladder spray water to put out the fire. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further An injured person rescued from a fire is taken into an ambulance. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in critical condition Firefighters and local people work together to put out the fire. It took nearly five hours to bring the massive blaze under control Firefighters spray water to put out the fire. It was not immediately clear what caused the explosion, which occurred at around 6 a.m. Authorities have ordered an investigation into how exactly the fire started. major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories  It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring Saturday's blaze under control. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further, officials said. Authorities have since ordered an investigation as to how exactly the fire broke out, but it is believed to have started when a boiler exploded. Syed Mokbul Hossain, the owner of the Tampaco Foils factory, told the Bengali-language Prothom Alo daily that he was not sure when it was last inspected. It was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a weeklong holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha   A body of a fire victim is carried in to a makeshift morgue after the horrific fire in which 23 people have so far died The bodies are lined up, as officials and desperate civilians try to identify anyone from the remains Another body is carried by emergency services towards the makeshift morgue following the horrific fire that has so far claimed 23 lives Two women embrace as they watch the terror unflold, but it is a scene that Bangladeshis know only two well following recent fires He said around 75 people had been scheduled to work the overnight shift.  Saturday was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a weeklong holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha, which falls on Tuesday. The major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories. The devastated man pictured looks on in horror as the flames engulf the Tampaco Foils factory in the area on Tongi, near Dhaka Firefighters work with locals in a desperate bid to try and put out the fire during the five-hour battle after a boiler exploded A woman prays for some good news after the devastating fire, which is not the first in Bangladesh's industrial areas in recent years Volunteers use a hose as makeshift equipment to try and get into the building and rescue survivors, while in the background people can be seen climbing a ladder Share or comment on this article e-mail 512 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Olympics 2016 PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Walmart to stop selling sheets made by Welspun Affected products represent around 6% of Welspun's total business Walmart will stop selling Welspun's Egyptian-cotton sheets over concerns about the products' provenance, dealing a fresh blow to a supplier embroiled in controversy. Walmart took the step after a review of Welspun's cotton sheets, a move spurred by rival Target Corporation cutting ties with the Indian vendor. Unlike Target, Walmart said it won't end all business with Welspun, which is putting stronger quality controls in place and adopting new labelling practices. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Marilee McInnis, a spokeswoman for Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart, said in an email on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." Walmart's move threatens to further tarnish Welspun's image, though the Indian company will at least maintain a relationship with the world's largest retailer. Target said last month that it would end all business with Welspun, one of the world's biggest textile manufacturers, because the vendor was sending it phony Egyptian-cotton sheets. Since Target's decision was announced, Welspun shares have fallen 45 per cent. And other retailers have said they will probe the authenticity of their Welspun products. "We take the current traceability concerns around some of our product lines very seriously and have been working closely with our retail partners to support their actions toward a comprehensive resolution program," a Welspun spokesman said in an emailed statement on Saturday. "The affected products represent around 6 per cent of Welspun's total business." The controversy has raised awareness about cotton certification, and whether household products are indeed manufactured in their labelled country of origin. Customers often pay a premium for Egyptian-cotton products because they are perceived to be softer and more durable. Sheets made from cotton grown in other countries don't always carry the same cachet among Americans. Walmart announced on August 23 that it was reviewing Welspun's cotton certification records, as well as checking other suppliers of Egyptian-cotton products. Walmart is one of Welspun's largest customers, along with Target and Bed Bath & Beyond, which also is reviewing its Welspun products. Welspun is part of a roughly $3 billion conglomerate headed by Balkrishan Goenka - with interests spanning textiles, steel, pipes, energy and infrastructure. The company says it makes every fifth towel sold in the US and counts JC Penney Co and Macy's among its customers. Walmart sold the Welspun sheets and pillow cases under the names Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. "If a customer believes they have these sheets, they can bring in the sheets, tags of the sheets or receipt into one of our US stores and receive a refund," McInnis said. WELSPUN IN A SPIN "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," says Walmart   Welspun, in a BSE filing, said: "Welspun is working to implement stronger control and better label the products"   A fortnight ago, US retail giant Target Corporation terminated contract with Welspun. After this, Welspun appointed EY to look into the alleged lapses   US-based retail chains Bed Bath & Beyond and JCPenney are also conducting third party audit of items sourced from Welspun Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 India's richest techies take a hit as valuations deflate Prices will soar by up to Rs 1,000 with BS-IV norms in 2017: HMSI Business Standard Walmart to stop selling sheets made by Welspun Affected products represent around 6% of Welspun's total business Bloomberg  September 10, 2016 Last Updated at 23:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THcKFO Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Walmart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun Walmart sourcing non-Egyptian cotton products: Welspun Can Welspun India survive Target supply crisis? Welspun faces Walmart review after Target pulls sheets Welspun scandal follows years of falling Egyptian cotton output Walmart will stop selling Welspun's Egyptian-cotton sheets over concerns about the products' provenance, dealing a fresh blow to a supplier embroiled in controversy. Walmart took the step after a review of Welspun's cotton sheets, a move spurred by rival Target Corporation cutting ties with the Indian vendor. Unlike Target, Walmart said it won't end all business with Welspun, which is putting stronger quality controls in place and adopting new labelling practices. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Marilee McInnis, a spokeswoman for Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart, said in an email on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." Walmart's move threatens to further tarnish Welspun's image, though the Indian company will at least maintain a relationship with the world's largest retailer. Target said last month that it would end all business with Welspun, one of the world's biggest textile manufacturers, because the vendor was sending it phony Egyptian-cotton sheets. Since Target's decision was announced, Welspun shares have fallen 45 per cent. And other retailers have said they will probe the authenticity of their Welspun products. "We take the current traceability concerns around some of our product lines very seriously and have been working closely with our retail partners to support their actions toward a comprehensive resolution program," a Welspun spokesman said in an emailed statement on Saturday. "The affected products represent around 6 per cent of Welspun's total business." The controversy has raised awareness about cotton certification, and whether household products are indeed manufactured in their labelled country of origin. Customers often pay a premium for Egyptian-cotton products because they are perceived to be softer and more durable. Sheets made from cotton grown in other countries don't always carry the same cachet among Americans. Walmart announced on August 23 that it was reviewing Welspun's cotton certification records, as well as checking other suppliers of Egyptian-cotton products. Walmart is one of Welspun's largest customers, along with Target and Bed Bath & Beyond, which also is reviewing its Welspun products. Welspun is part of a roughly $3 billion conglomerate headed by Balkrishan Goenka - with interests spanning textiles, steel, pipes, energy and infrastructure. The company says it makes every fifth towel sold in the US and counts JC Penney Co and Macy's among its customers. Walmart sold the Welspun sheets and pillow cases under the names Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. "If a customer believes they have these sheets, they can bring in the sheets, tags of the sheets or receipt into one of our US stores and receive a refund," McInnis said. WELSPUN IN A SPIN "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," says Walmart   Welspun, in a BSE filing, said: "Welspun is working to implement stronger control and better label the products"   A fortnight ago, US retail giant Target Corporation terminated contract with Welspun. After this, Welspun appointed EY to look into the alleged lapses   US-based retail chains Bed Bath & Beyond and JCPenney are also conducting third party audit of items sourced from Welspun Read More On Walmart | Welspun | Egyptian-cotton Sheets | Target Corporation | Quality Controls | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Walmart to stop selling sheets made by Welspun Affected products represent around 6% of Welspun's total business Affected products represent around 6% of Welspun's total business Walmart will stop selling Welspun's Egyptian-cotton sheets over concerns about the products' provenance, dealing a fresh blow to a supplier embroiled in controversy. Walmart took the step after a review of Welspun's cotton sheets, a move spurred by rival Target Corporation cutting ties with the Indian vendor. Unlike Target, Walmart said it won't end all business with Welspun, which is putting stronger quality controls in place and adopting new labelling practices. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Marilee McInnis, a spokeswoman for Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart, said in an email on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." Walmart's move threatens to further tarnish Welspun's image, though the Indian company will at least maintain a relationship with the world's largest retailer. Target said last month that it would end all business with Welspun, one of the world's biggest textile manufacturers, because the vendor was sending it phony Egyptian-cotton sheets. Since Target's decision was announced, Welspun shares have fallen 45 per cent. And other retailers have said they will probe the authenticity of their Welspun products. "We take the current traceability concerns around some of our product lines very seriously and have been working closely with our retail partners to support their actions toward a comprehensive resolution program," a Welspun spokesman said in an emailed statement on Saturday. "The affected products represent around 6 per cent of Welspun's total business." The controversy has raised awareness about cotton certification, and whether household products are indeed manufactured in their labelled country of origin. Customers often pay a premium for Egyptian-cotton products because they are perceived to be softer and more durable. Sheets made from cotton grown in other countries don't always carry the same cachet among Americans. Walmart announced on August 23 that it was reviewing Welspun's cotton certification records, as well as checking other suppliers of Egyptian-cotton products. Walmart is one of Welspun's largest customers, along with Target and Bed Bath & Beyond, which also is reviewing its Welspun products. Welspun is part of a roughly $3 billion conglomerate headed by Balkrishan Goenka - with interests spanning textiles, steel, pipes, energy and infrastructure. The company says it makes every fifth towel sold in the US and counts JC Penney Co and Macy's among its customers. Walmart sold the Welspun sheets and pillow cases under the names Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. "If a customer believes they have these sheets, they can bring in the sheets, tags of the sheets or receipt into one of our US stores and receive a refund," McInnis said. WELSPUN IN A SPIN "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 per cent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," says Walmart   Welspun, in a BSE filing, said: "Welspun is working to implement stronger control and better label the products"   A fortnight ago, US retail giant Target Corporation terminated contract with Welspun. After this, Welspun appointed EY to look into the alleged lapses   US-based retail chains Bed Bath & Beyond and JCPenney are also conducting third party audit of items sourced from Welspun Bloomberg Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Widgets Magazine MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Previous Next At least 23 people killed in explosion and fire at Bangladeshi packaging factory that supplies firms including Nestle and British American Tobacco  Dozens more have been injured the massive blast near Dhaka which happened earlier this morning  The fire spread very quickly because a large amount of flammable chemicals were stored at the factory 50 people could be injured - at least six burns victims at local hospital were in a critical condition It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring the blaze under control after a boiler reportedly exploded Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh following 2013 incident in which 1,135 people died By Paddy Dinham For Mailonline Published: 08:27 EST, 10 September 2016 | Updated: 12:46 EST, 10 September 2016 e-mail 512 shares 5 View comments A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens, officials said. Fire officials said that the explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka was huge, and that the fire spread quickly because flammable chemicals were stored at the factory. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in critical condition, said Mohammed Bacchu Mia, a police official at the hospital. He confirmed that at least 23 people had died. Scroll down for video. A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens, officials said Fire officials said that the explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils Ltd. factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka was huge The fire triggered by the blast spread very quickly because there were flammable chemicals that were stored inside the factory Firefighters are silhouetted against smoke as they work to put out a fire at a packaging factory. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Seabed 'lifts' out of the water following NZ earthquake Watch video Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Watch video New Zealand earthquake transforms road into cliff Watch video Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Watch video Shocking moment police officer brutally punches woman in face Watch video Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Watch video Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Watch video Baltimore teacher calls black 8th graders 'punk a-- n----s' Watch video Steven Mnuchin: 'A lot of exciting things in the first hundred days' Watch video Mayor Bill de Blasio talked 'stop and frisk' with Trump Watch video NYPD has person of interest in custody for Joey Comunale's murder Local TV stations said about 50 people were injured in all, as smoke billowed from the factory and the fire engulfed part of the upper floors. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M.  In 2012, a fire at a garment factory in a Dhaka suburb killed 112 workers.  A year later, a commercial complex near Dhaka housing five garment factories collapsed, killing 1,135 people, Bangladesh's worst industrial disaster. Firefighters on a ladder spray water to put out the fire. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further An injured person rescued from a fire is taken into an ambulance. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in critical condition Firefighters and local people work together to put out the fire. It took nearly five hours to bring the massive blaze under control Firefighters spray water to put out the fire. It was not immediately clear what caused the explosion, which occurred at around 6 a.m. Authorities have ordered an investigation into how exactly the fire started. major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories  It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring Saturday's blaze under control. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further, officials said. Authorities have since ordered an investigation as to how exactly the fire broke out, but it is believed to have started when a boiler exploded. Syed Mokbul Hossain, the owner of the Tampaco Foils factory, told the Bengali-language Prothom Alo daily that he was not sure when it was last inspected. It was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a weeklong holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha   A body of a fire victim is carried in to a makeshift morgue after the horrific fire in which 23 people have so far died The bodies are lined up, as officials and desperate civilians try to identify anyone from the remains Another body is carried by emergency services towards the makeshift morgue following the horrific fire that has so far claimed 23 lives Two women embrace as they watch the terror unflold, but it is a scene that Bangladeshis know only two well following recent fires He said around 75 people had been scheduled to work the overnight shift.  Saturday was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a weeklong holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha, which falls on Tuesday. The major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories. The devastated man pictured looks on in horror as the flames engulf the Tampaco Foils factory in the area on Tongi, near Dhaka Firefighters work with locals in a desperate bid to try and put out the fire during the five-hour battle after a boiler exploded A woman prays for some good news after the devastating fire, which is not the first in Bangladesh's industrial areas in recent years Volunteers use a hose as makeshift equipment to try and get into the building and rescue survivors, while in the background people can be seen climbing a ladder Share or comment on this article e-mail 512 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Welspun plans better checks to retain Walmart biz By Welspun India will continue to do business with Walmart albeit with stronger controls and better labeling of products being supplied, the company said in a statement. The product line in question with Walmart accounts for approximately 1.5 percent of Welspun’s annual business, it added. Buy HSIL; target of Rs 431: Arihant Capital - India's share in global herbal medicinal market is 0.5%: Govt News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Sep 10, 2016, 06.10 PM | Source: Moneycontrol.com Welspun plans better checks to retain Walmart biz Welspun India will continue to do business with Walmart albeit with stronger controls and better labeling of products being supplied, the company said in a statement. The product line in question with Walmart accounts for approximately 1.5 percent of Welspun’s annual business, it added. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Welspun plans better checks to retain Walmart biz Welspun India will continue to do business with Walmart albeit with stronger controls and better labeling of products being supplied, the company said in a statement. The product line in question with Walmart accounts for approximately 1.5 percent of Welspun’s annual business, it added. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Moneycontrol Bureau Welspun India will continue to do business with Walmart and is working to implement stronger controls and better label the products being supplied, the company said in a statement on Saturday. The statement came after Wal-Mart Stores Inc Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun as it was not assured about the authenticity of the products. Walmart plans to withdraw the products from its online and offline stores and provide full refund to customers. "The affected products represent around 6 percent of Welspun’s annual business. The product line in question with Walmart accounts for approximately 1.5 percent of Welspun’s annual business," the release said. Welspun has been in the midst of controversy after one of its US-based customers Target Corp last month severed all ties claiming that Welspun, for nearly two years, had been supplying sheets made of cheaper variety of cotton instead of the premium Egyptian cotton as per the deal.   The company has engaged a Big Four consultancy firm to review its processes to put to rest the "traceability concerns" with respect to its Egyptian cotton products, the statement said.   Tags  Welspun India Wal-mart Stores Inc Egyptian cotton Related Stories Welspun India shares extend fall, dip over 4% on Q2 net loss Welspun India yesterday reported a consolidated ne Will continue to have double-digit growth next year: Welspun In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Altaf Jiwani, CFO at Welspun Q2 net loss at Rs 147.52 cr on Egyptian Cotton issue Its income from operations in the quarter under re Welspun to closely monitor its Egyptian cotton business The steps to be initiated include deployment of a Welspun India: Outcome of board meeting Welspun India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board Set email alert for Welspun India : Set Alert Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Welspun plans better checks to retain Walmart biz See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News #Cartoon: A poor man of India carrying a cross Delta Corp up 5% as Rakesh Jhunjhunwala buys shares Leading BPO HGS is unfazed by Trump win, optimistic about growth Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? Air India to induct two A320 neos in January Rabi sowing: Wheat area up slightly; pulses acreage rises 6.5% India to levy tax on investments from Cyprus from April 2017 Demonetisation to lower GDP growth by 0.3-0.5%: CARE Ratings Banks to take one-day break from currency exchange on Saturday See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
× Home News & Views Prices Market Intelligence Country Reports Industry Reports Marketplace Advertise | Mobile Apps | Login | Registration Home About us Textile Event Service Plans News & Views Prices Daily Textile Prices PriceWatch Report Nylon Price Forecast Report Polyester Price Forecast Report Cotton Price Forecast Report Market Intelligence Polyester Intelligence Cotton Intelligence Country Reports China China Fibre Report 2015 India India Fibre Report 2015 Fibre & Yarn Exports Indonesia Indonesia Fibre Report 2015 Japan Japan Fibre Report 2015 Malaysia Malaysia Fibre Report 2013 Brazil Brazil Fibre Report 2015 Mexico Mexico Fibre Report 2015 Pakistan Pakistan Fibre Report 2015 South Korea South Korea Fibre Report 2015 Taiwan Taiwan Fibre Report 2015 USA USA Fibre Report 2015 Turkey Turkey Fibre Report 2015 Thailand Thailand Fibre Report 2015 Industry Reports Polyester Chain Report Nylon Chain Report Acrylic Chain Report Viscose Chain Report World Fibre Report World Polyester Fiber Report World Nylon Fiber Report World Acrylic Fiber Report World Cotton Fiber Report World Viscose Fiber Report World Natural Fiber Report Marketplace Supplier Registration Supplier Listing << BACK Wal-Mart pulling out Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun YarnsandFibers News Bureau, 2016-09-10 14:00:00 - US News Tags: decide to stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets, donate the sheets currently on shelves, investigation found the Indian textile giant, made by Welspun, not guarantee products legitimate, offer customers refund, purchased products, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Welspun India Ltd US Wal-Mart Stores Inc. after its investigation found the Indian textile giant, Welspun India Ltd couldn’t guarantee the products were legitimate has decided that it would stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said that Welspun has not been able to assure them the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. The world’s biggest retailer is removing the Welspun products from U.S. store shelves and Walmart.com. Wal-Mart said that it would offer customers who purchased the products a full refund. It will donate the sheets currently on shelves. The move is the latest blow to the Indian textile company after Target Corp last month said that it was pulling thousands of Welspun’s “Egyptian cotton” sheets from its shelves and cutting ties with the company after it found Welspun had not used actual Egyptian cotton in the products for about two years. 0 YarnsandFibers News Bureau India’s cotton stock dwindling raises concern for textile mills Cotton prices stabilized amid strong demand from spinners View All... News Tags: decide to stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets, donate the sheets currently on shelves, investigation found the Indian textile giant, made by Welspun, not guarantee products legitimate, offer customers refund, purchased products, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Welspun India Ltd US Wal-Mart Stores Inc. after its investigation found the Indian textile giant, Welspun India Ltd couldn’t guarantee the products were legitimate has decided that it would stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said that Welspun has not been able to assure them the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. The world’s biggest retailer is removing the Welspun products from U.S. store shelves and Walmart.com. Wal-Mart said that it would offer customers who purchased the products a full refund. It will donate the sheets currently on shelves. The move is the latest blow to the Indian textile company after Target Corp last month said that it was pulling thousands of Welspun’s “Egyptian cotton” sheets from its shelves and cutting ties with the company after it found Welspun had not used actual Egyptian cotton in the products for about two years. 0 YarnsandFibers News Bureau India’s cotton stock dwindling raises concern for textile mills Cotton prices stabilized amid strong demand from spinners News Tags: decide to stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets, donate the sheets currently on shelves, investigation found the Indian textile giant, made by Welspun, not guarantee products legitimate, offer customers refund, purchased products, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Welspun India Ltd Related News This Polyester Chain Report: 2012 contains 27 Aug, 2013 Bangladesh garment makers agree to raise worker wage to US$73 pm 14 Nov, 2013 Cotton exports from India will decline in 2013-14 due to high price 14 Nov, 2013 Powerlooms in Maharashtra demand cut in power tariff 14 Nov, 2013 Cotton Futures Rally To Near Five-Month High On Investor Buying 16 Aug, 2013 Hockey India Announces Shiv Naresh As Apparel Partner 16 Aug, 2013 Nigeria - Crude Oil Exports Hope To Hit 1.94 Million Bpd 16 Aug, 2013 Pakistan - Cotton Quality Hit By Monsoon Rains 16 Aug, 2013 Imported Raw Materials The Biggest Challenge For Vietnam To Enter TPP 16 Aug, 2013 More Help For Weaving, Powerlooms From Textiles Min Fund 16 Aug, 2013 Other News Fila Korea to build new apparel development centre in China 21-Oct-2016 01:02 Pakistan’s RMG exports rose 3.76% during July-Aug 16 21-Oct-2016 01:05 Solvay SA building nylon compounding unit in Mexico 21-Oct-2016 01:19 More...     Let Us Know Your Need   Pricewatch Enquiry Name Company Phone Email Country   Word Verification   Prices 1 2 3   Market Intelligence 1 2 Polyester Intelligence YnFx's Polyester Intelligence Service consolidates all the information at a click. This service provides the following: Daily Price Trends News & Views Weekly Prices on Polyester Chain Price Forecast Covering 3 Regions Spun Yarn Exports from India Polyester Chain - Demand/Supply Statistics Cotton Intelligence Keep yourself updated on the go through YnFx Cotton Intelligence in a volatile market.This service provides: Daily Price Trends - Cotton fibre & Yarn News & Views Weekly Prices on Cotton Stream Cotton Price Forecast Spun Yarn Exports from India Cotton - Demand/Supply Statistics   Special Reports 1 2 3 4 5 6   Country Reports                   Get To Know Us About Contact us Careers CITI YnFx YnFx Journey Sitemap Terms & Conditions Textile Prices Daily Textile Prices Weekly PriceWatch Report Polyester Price Forecast Nylon Price Forecast Cotton Price Forecast Market Intelligence Polyester Intelligence Cotton Intelligence Fiber & Yarn Exports-India Country Reports Industry Reports   You Can Pay By:    Don't worry, we hate spam too Copyright © 2016 Centerac Technologies Limited. All Rights Reserved.
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Mail Today US Elections Digital India Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News India facbook twitter googlepluse Fire breaks out at Walmart's Best Price store premises in Vijayawada, no casualties Property worth crores of rupees was gutted as a fire broke out at the Best Price store premises in Vijayawada in the wee hours on Saturday. The fire has now been brought under control. Ashish Pandey  | Posted by Ankit Misra  Follow @AASHISH_NEWS   pandey.ashish@aajtak.com Vijayawada, September 10, 2016 | UPDATED 16:11 IST A +A - Fire broke out at Walmart's Best Price store premises in Vijayawada early today. ANI Photo. Highlights 1 Mishap led to traffic jam on NH-16 connecting Eluru to Vijayawada. 2 No lives lost in the accident, damage to property being assessed. 3 The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. Property worth crores of rupees was gutted as a fire broke out at Walmart's Best Price store premises in Vijayawada in the wee hours on Saturday. The fire has been brought under control. In a statement the global retail giant said, "We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter. Fortunately, no lives have been lost in this unfortunate incident and all our staff are safe." BCP TEAM TO REPAIR DAMAGED STORE "We have a robust 'Business Continuity Plan' (BCP) to handle all such issues and our BCP team has taken over to quickly repair our store. We are committed to ensuring that our esteemed customers face no disruption in services, the company said in a statement. Our customers will continue to be served through our nearby Guntur Best Price store and our online Best Price website www.bestprice.in, the statement added. Also read: 5 injured in fire at Rajahmundry during Godavari Puhskaram The fire accident caused a massive traffic jam on NH-16 connecting Eluru to Vijayawada. Meanwhile, the cause of fire was not known immediately and is yet to be ascertained. HELPLINE NUMBERS Customers can contact us on our helpline numbers 1800-3010-1911 and 0120-4878888 or email us at membersupport@walmart.com, a Walmart spokesperson has said. Walmart India owns and operates 21 Best Price Modern Wholesale stores offering nearly 5,000 items in a Cash and Carry wholesale format.   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Vijayawada# Walmart# fire at Best Price store premises# global retail giant# Business Continuity Plan   Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Groups spending millions on charter school ballot question Friday Sep 9, 2016 at 6:38 PM Sep 10, 2016 at 9:10 AM Scott O'Connell Telegram & Gazette Staff @ScottOConnellTG A former New York City mayor, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft’s company group, and two Walmart heirs are among the major donors to a ballot campaign seeking to open the door for more charter schools in the state, while teachers unions are funding the opposition effort, according to campaign finance reports. According to the state’s Office of Campaign & Political Finance, there has been a flurry of donations – much of it coming from out of state – and spending since the start of the year on Question 2 on the state’s general election ballot this fall. Supporters of the ballot question seek to authorize the state to allow up to a dozen new charter schools to open each year. They argue the autonomous public schools provide a needed alternative to regular public schools, especially in struggling urban school districts. Opponents say more charter schools, the superiority of which to regular schools they argue is still unproven, will sap even more public education money away from those underfunded public schools. According to the OCPF’s online database, there are four committees backing Question 2 this year: Great Schools Massachusetts, Expanding Educational Opportunities, Yes on Two, and the Campaign for Fair Access to Quality Public Schools. Of those, Great Schools has by far been the busiest fundraiser and biggest spender, taking in almost $8.2 million since the start of the year and spending $5.2 million. Most of those contributions came from a single source: New York-based Families For Excellent Schools Advocacy, Inc., which gave multiple donations totaling more than $5.7 million, the committee’s latest report with the OCPF shows. The committee also received a $240,000 donation from billionaire businessman and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Several in-state donors pitched in as well, led by Lynnfield-based Strong Economy For Growth, Inc., which gave multiple contributions totaling $650,000. Great Schools spent most of its money, meanwhile, on advertising, including a combined $4.3 million on media buys. The Campaign for Fair Access committee, the next biggest fundraiser, has only recently started receiving donations since organizing in July, but has pulled in a sizeable amount of money in that short time. Of the nearly $2.3 million the committee has gotten in contributions over that period, the biggest donation came from Arvest Bank Group president Jim Walton, son of Walmart founder Sam Walton, who gave more than $1.1 million to the campaign. The committee so far has spent more than $500,000 of that haul, mostly on campaign management services. The committee dropped $450,000 alone on hiring Wellesley-based Five Corner Strategies, according to OCPF’s records. Yes on Two is also a relative newcomer to the campaign, bringing in a quick $710,100 since organizing in July. Almost all of that money came from a single donor, Mr. Walton’s sister, philanthropist Alice Walton, and all of it has already been spent, primarily as a nearly $704,000 donation to the Campaign for Fair Access committee. Lastly, Expanding Educational Opportunities brought in its entire $325,000 haul in the past month alone, $250,000 of which was then sent over to Great Schools. The committee’s only donors were the Kraft Group and Partners Healthcare, which gave $100,000 apiece, EMC Corporation, which gave $75,000, and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, which gave $50,000. The lone committee opposing Question 2, Save Our Public Schools, has so far been outspent by the pro-question groups, but has still taken in almost $6.8 million since forming in March. It’s also spent $3.6 million over the same period on various campaign expenses, including more than $400,000 on TV advertising. The committee’s biggest donations came from teachers unions; the Massachusetts Teachers Association, for instance, gave nearly $4.2 million in multiple contributions, while the American Federation of Teachers donated just over $700,000. The National Education Association pitched in $1.9 million as well. Finance reports submitted to the OCPF on Friday satisfied the agency's requirement that all ballot campaign committees file their latest financial records 60 days in advance of the general election, which this year falls on Nov. 8. Scott O’Connell can be reached at Scott.O’Connell@telegram.com. Follow him on Twitter @ScottOConnellTG About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel A Legendary Evening Event Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research MasterCard Can Grow EPS by Double Digits The company can achieve its targets to generate double-digit compound annual, currency-neutral, organic revenue growth. September 8, 2016 MasterCard (MA: NYSE) By Evercore ISI ($98.79, Sept. 7, 2016) We maintain a Buy rating and $123 price target on MasterCard. MasterCard’s (ticker: MA) New York investor day reinforced our conviction that the company will achieve its targets to generate double-digit compound annual, currency-neutral, organic revenue growth augmented by tuck-in acquisitions, a minimum 50% earnings before interest and taxes (Ebit) margin target,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Eddie Lampert’s Big Bet On Sears Hometown Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Uber’s Challenge…Replacing Rental Cars Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Teva Takes a Tumble Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump Puts America First; Small Stocks Can Win Big Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Donald Trump a Closet Democrat? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 How to Get the Best Financial Advice 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Fitbit and More 3 Amazon Gains Ground on Flipkart in India Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Crime-Disaster-Accident Had 9/11 not happened, would Daesh not have been spawned? (15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks) (Comment: Special to IANS) Bayern down Schalke in German Bundesliga Business Standard Huge fire breaks out in Walmart store near Vijayawada IANS  |  Vijayawada  September 10, 2016 Last Updated at 13:00 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THcK2n Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Walmart launches development programme for women entrepreneurs Walmart sued for selling guns used in Jewish facility murders Walmart keen to retail processed food: Secy Energy boosts Wall St; Walmart at 14-month high A huge fire broke out in Walmart's wholesale store near here on Saturday, police said. The fire engulfed a large part of the Best Price modern wholesale store located at Nidamanur, resulting in huge loss of property. There were no casualties in the fire, suspected to have been caused by a short circuit, officials said. "A fire broke at our Best Price store premises in Vijaywada earlier today (Saturday). State Fire authorities quickly reached the store and have brought it under control. We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter. Fortunately, no lives were lost in this unfortunate incident and all our employees and staff are safe," said a spokesperson of Walmart. This is one of the 21 Best Modern wholesale stores owned and operated by Walmart India across the country. Each store offers about 5,000 items in a cash and carry wholesale format. "We have a robust 'Business Continuity Plan' (BCP) to handle all such issues and our BCP team has taken over to quickly restore our store. We are ensuring that our esteemed members don't face any disruption of the services and continues to be served through our nearby Guntur Best Price store," he added. --IANS ms/ksk/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Walmart | News-ians | Crime-disaster-accident PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Huge fire breaks out in Walmart store near Vijayawada A huge fire broke out in Walmart's wholesale store near here on Saturday, police said. A huge fire broke out in Walmart's wholesale store near here on Saturday, police said. The fire engulfed a large part of the Best Price modern wholesale store located at Nidamanur, resulting in huge loss of property. There were no casualties in the fire, suspected to have been caused by a short circuit, officials said. "A fire broke at our Best Price store premises in Vijaywada earlier today (Saturday). State Fire authorities quickly reached the store and have brought it under control. We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter. Fortunately, no lives were lost in this unfortunate incident and all our employees and staff are safe," said a spokesperson of Walmart. This is one of the 21 Best Modern wholesale stores owned and operated by Walmart India across the country. Each store offers about 5,000 items in a cash and carry wholesale format. "We have a robust 'Business Continuity Plan' (BCP) to handle all such issues and our BCP team has taken over to quickly restore our store. We are ensuring that our esteemed members don't face any disruption of the services and continues to be served through our nearby Guntur Best Price store," he added. --IANS ms/ksk/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Huge fire breaks out in Walmart store near Vijayawada A huge fire broke out in Walmart's wholesale store near here on Saturday, police said. The fire engulfed a large part of the Best Price modern wholesale store located at Nidamanur, resulting in huge loss of property. There were no casualties in the fire, suspected to have been caused by a short circuit, officials said. "A fire broke at our Best Price store premises in Vijaywada earlier today (Saturday). State Fire authorities quickly reached the store and have brought it under control. We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter. Fortunately, no lives were lost in this unfortunate incident and all our employees and staff are safe," said a spokesperson of Walmart. This is one of the 21 Best Modern wholesale stores owned and operated by Walmart India across the country. Each store offers about 5,000 items in a cash and carry wholesale format. "We have a robust 'Business Continuity Plan' (BCP) to handle all such issues and our BCP team has taken over to quickly restore our store. We are ensuring that our esteemed members don't face any disruption of the services and continues to be served through our nearby Guntur Best Price store," he added. --IANS ms/ksk/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 29 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 18, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 18, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 29 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Wal-Mart drops Welspun sheets after review By SHANNON PETTYPIECE Bloomberg News First Published Sep 09 2016 05:33PM    •    Last Updated Sep 10 2016 01:05 am Share This Article Wal-Mart Stores will stop selling Welspun India Ltd.'s 100 percent Egyptian-cotton sheets over concerns about the products' provenance, dealing a fresh blow to a supplier embroiled in controversy. Wal-Mart took the step after a review of Welspun's cotton sheets, a move spurred by rival Target cutting ties with the Indian vendor. Unlike Target, Wal-Mart said it won't end all business with Welspun, which is putting stronger quality controls in place and adopting new labeling practices. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Marilee McInnis, a spokeswoman for Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart, said in an email on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." VIDEOS TOP JOBS Wal-Mart's move threatens to further tarnish Welspun's image, though the Indian company will at least maintain a relationship with the world's largest retailer. Target said last month that it would end all business with Welspun, one of the world's biggest textile manufacturers, because the vendor was sending it phony Egyptian-cotton sheets. Since Target's decision was announced, Welspun shares have fallen 45 percent. And other retailers have said they will probe the authenticity of their Welspun products. The controversy has raised awareness about cotton certification, and whether household products are indeed manufactured in their labeled country of origin. Customers often pay a premium for Egyptian-cotton products because they are perceived to be softer and more durable. Sheets made from cotton grown in other countries don't always carry the same cachet among Americans. Wal-Mart announced on Aug. 23 that it was reviewing Welspun's cotton certification records, as well as checking other suppliers of Egyptian-cotton products. Wal-Mart is one of Welspun's largest customers, along with Target and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., which also is reviewing its Welspun products. Welspun is part of a roughly $3 billion conglomerate headed by Balkrishan Goenka — with interests spanning textiles, steel, pipes, energy and infrastructure. The company says it makes every fifth towel sold in the U.S. and counts J.C. Penney Co. and Macy's Inc among its customers. Wal-Mart sold the Welspun sheets and pillow cases under the names Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. "If a customer believes they have these sheets, they can bring in the sheets, tags off the sheets or receipt into one of our U.S. stores and receive a refund," McInnis said.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES It's not easy being black at BYU, film shows Garrison Keillor: Politics is not everything. Life goes on Utah football: Hunter Dimick takes center stage for Utah's defense Utah legislators don't have to look far to see results of storage tank bill Women's basketball: Dangerfield scores 19 to lead No. 3 UConn over No. 2 Baylor ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune

null
Police looking for three after Harbison armed robbery - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decision 2016 Slideshows Viewer Pics Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 In case you missed it Video captures bizarre deer attack on driver Cop drives grieving man 100 miles to be with family SC baseball team loses their minds after making SportsCenter Top 10 Secrets of WIS personalities Video: Strangers help pull driver from overturned car on I-20 Police looking for three after Harbison armed robbery 2016-09-10T03:30:53Z2016-09-12T11:33:48Z By Warren Stocker, Digital Content Producer Email Connect wstocker@wistv.com Source: Columbia Police Department Source: WISTV COLUMBIA, SC (WIS) - Officers with the Columbia Police Department are searching for three men they say robbed the Wal-Mart on Harbison Boulevard Thursday night.  Police say just before midnight three men entered the Wal-Mart and stole money from the store.  WIN A TABLET FROM WIS! Details remain extremely limited at this point, however, police say if you have any information or if you recognize any of the suspects you are urged to contact Crimestoppers in any of the following ways: PHONE: Call 1-888-CRIME SC (888-274-6372) TEXT: TIPSC plus your tip info to CRIMES (274637) ONLINE: www.midlandscrimestoppers.com and email a tip. Your identity will be kept anonymous, and if your tip leads to an arrest, you could be eligible for a cash reward of up to $1,000.  Copyright 2016 WIS. All rights reserved.  Local NewsLocalMore>> Local boy, Skyler Kistenmacher, published in national Highlights magazine Local boy, Skyler Kistenmacher, published in national Highlights magazine Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:55 AM EST2016-11-18 12:55:55 GMT Source: Highlights Magazine One local 13-year-old boy, Skyler Kistenmacher recently had his poem published in the "Your Own Pages" section of Highlights magazine. Highlights is the most widely read children’s magazine in the United States and even printed its one-billionth copy in June 2006. More >> One local 13-year-old boy, Skyler Kistenmacher recently had his poem published in the "Your Own Pages" section of Highlights magazine. Highlights is the most widely read children’s magazine in the United States and even printed its one-billionth copy in June 2006.More >> McLeod Health to open first family medicine practice, 7-building campus in Carolina Forest McLeod Health to open first family medicine practice, 7-building campus in Carolina Forest Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:15 AM EST2016-11-18 12:15:59 GMT McLeod Health will open its first family medicine practice in Carolina Forest.  (Source: McLeod Health Twitter) McLeod Health will open it's first family medicine practice in Carolina Forest.  More >> McLeod Health will open it's first family medicine practice in Carolina Forest.  More >> Man arrested for stealing ATVs in Scotland County Man arrested for stealing ATVs in Scotland County Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 6:02 AM EST2016-11-18 11:02:28 GMT Michael Wayne Hutchinson (Source: SCSO) The Scotland County Sheriff’s Office arrested a man in connection with an investigation into the theft of multiple ATVs from Scotland and Marlboro counties.More >> The Scotland County Sheriff’s Office arrested a man in connection with an investigation into the theft of multiple ATVs from Scotland and Marlboro counties.More >> Water sample from Waccamaw River during flooding tested positive for salmonella Water sample from Waccamaw River during flooding tested positive for salmonella Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:40 PM EST2016-11-18 03:40:10 GMT Residents are concerned about contaminated water following Hurricane Matthew. (Source: WMBF News) While people gut their homes after devastating floods following Hurricane Matthew, some are worried about getting rid of the bacteria the flooding brought with it. More >> While people gut their homes after devastating floods following Hurricane Matthew, some are worried about getting rid of the bacteria the flooding brought with it.More >> Chants Extinguish Flames 42-7 Chants Extinguish Flames 42-7 Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:31 PM EST2016-11-18 03:31:06 GMT Tyler Chadwick completed 6 of 9 passes for 71 yards (WMBF Sports) De’Angelo Henderson rushed for 139 yards – 98 in the first half – and scored three times while the Chanticleer defense held Liberty to just a CCU record-low minus 23 rushing yards as #16 Coastal Carolina cruised to a 42-7 victory over rival Liberty on a national ESPNEWS telecast. More >> De’Angelo Henderson rushed for 139 yards – 98 in the first half – and scored three times while the Chanticleer defense held Liberty to just a CCU record-low minus 23 rushing yards as #16 Coastal Carolina cruised to a 42-7 victory over rival Liberty on a national ESPNEWS telecast.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. More >> Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president.More >> Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. More >> A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring.More >> Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. More >> Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral.More >> Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. More >> For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing.More >> Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 5:54 PM EST2016-11-17 22:54:58 GMT A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. More >> Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page.More >> Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  More >> A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis. More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content Home My Subscription E-Edition Obituaries Advertising Solutions Jobs Real Estate Autos Weather MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home News News Home Obituaries Police Bookings National Submit a News Tip Text Alerts Columbia County News-Times North Augusta Today Obituaries E-Edition Weather Business Business Home Area Gas Prices Submit Your News Opinion Opinion Home Editorials McKee cartoons Letters to Editor Guest Columns Write a Letter to the Editor Sports Sports Home High School Sports Masters Scores Things to Do Things to Do Home Dine & Dish Puzzles Event Tickets Events Calendar Submit Event TV Listings Life Life Home Weddings Engagements Births Anniversaries Pets for Adoption Photos Slideshows Spotted Send Photos and Videos Video Kirby's Augusta Cooking from the Heart in Augusta Latest Video Chronicle Apps Local Store Sales Advertising Solutions Legal notices Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Help My Subscription Contact Us Staff Directory Archives (1792–2003) Newsletter - Select -Augusta Business ChronicleAugustaChronicle.com Daily HeadlinesAugustaChronicle.com Special Offers - All CSRABreaking News Subscribe Posted September 9, 2016 10:54 pm - Updated September 9, 2016 10:59 pm By Augusta Chronicle Editorial Staff Form a more perfect union It's an ideal way to honor the victims of 9/11 It’s vital that we remember the 9/11 attacks, the 15th anniversary of which is Sunday. But it’s also important how we remember. In a well-intended display at a Panama City, Fla., Wal-Mart this week, a Coca-Cola supplier brought down the righteous ire of social media by stacking cases of Coke in the shape of the Twin Towers – with red, white and blue cases behind them in the shape of an American flag. The display was taken down and an apology offered. We have no doubt both the display and apology were sincere. But it’s a cautionary tale for retailers across the country: Mixing solemn remembrances with retail sales is a delicate matter indeed, and probably ought to be avoided all together. “Delicate” is hardly the word to describe a TV commercial a San Antonio mattress retailer ran recently, which featured a 9/11-themed “Twin Tower Sale.” Unbelievably, the ad sported two “towers” of mattresses that are – supposedly comically – knocked down at the end of the spot. “What better way to remember 9/11 than with a Twin Tower sale?” a woman asks in the commercial. After the shameless plug and presumed hilarity, the woman incongruously seizes up in a moment of seriousness to say “We’ll never forget.” We’d rather she did – if this is how she’s going to remember. It’s the most disgusting advertisement, and the most garish display of raw, ugly, exploitative consumerism that you will ever see. What were these people thinking? It certainly wasn’t about the 3,000 dead on 9/11, or their many thousands of survivors, or the many millions of Americans who still mourn that horrific event to this day. What creates such empty-headed emotional detachment from such a historic atrocity? Surely it’s not just time: It’s only been 15 years – and we’ve certainly done a much better job of respectfully commemorating the attack on Pearl Harbor, which was back in 1941. Maybe present-day Americans – better fed and enjoying more creature comforts than any people in history, and removed from the mandatory military service that might open our eyes wider – have lost a sense of reverence that used to ground us. Just look at our entertainment media, in which absolutely nothing is sacred and everything is fair game for mockery. Take the raunchy adult cartoon Family Guy, which is even billed – admiringly – as “sick” and “twisted.” The show once included a joke that rescued kidnapping victim Elizabeth Smart had brought music back to her family’s home – but that most of the songs were about rape. Do these people not realize there are human beings on the other end of these vulgar outbursts? We need to remember 9/11 solemnly – not with mattress sales as if it’s nothing more than George Washington’s birthday. But more important, we could honor the victims of 9/11 by forming a more perfect union – with citizens who are educated and reverential to the past – to our forebears and their tribulations, to the fact that we stand on their shoulders today, and to our contemporaries who still suffer the gashing wounds of 9/11, war and terrorism. Of course, to grasp the first thing about inhumanity, much less the depth of its touch, one must first explore one’s humanity. It appears we’ve got some work to do on that. Advertisement Most Popular Opinion Sun, 11/06/2016 - 00:34 Issues trump everything News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 18:44 Women charged in prostitution case in Columbia County News Sun, 11/06/2016 - 02:42 3 acquitted, 1 guilty in Medicaid fraud trial News Wed, 11/09/2016 - 23:22 New Enterprise Mill owner wants to bring back excitement View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Fri, 11/18/2016 - 00:49 Letter: Tax hike hurt economy Fri, 11/18/2016 - 00:47 Letter: Dems are ‘exceptional’ Fri, 11/18/2016 - 00:44 Editorial: Dispelling the darkness E. Maner Letter: Wife’s book offers touching look at NBA star Load more   Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertise The Augusta Chronicle © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Aerial spraying for Zika virus begins in Miami Beach Elon Musk calls SpaceX rocket explosion 'most difficult failure' Business Standard Walmart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun After the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic Reuters  |  Chicago  September 10, 2016 Last Updated at 13:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THcK1J Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Photo: Wikipedia ALSO READ Can Welspun India survive Target supply crisis? Welspun faces Walmart review after Target pulls sheets Welspun scandal follows years of falling Egyptian cotton output New review knot for Welspun, investors Welspun continues losing run; Rs 4,867-cr investor wealth lost Walmart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Last month, US retailer Target Corp severed ties with Welspun after accusing them of passing off cheap sheets as premium Egyptian cotton for two years. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," Walmart said in a statement. The company will pull the products from its stores and website. Walmart said it will not cut ties with Welspun but will work with them to implement strong controls and better label the products. The retailer will offer customers, who purchased the products, a full refund. Egyptian cotton is prized because the length of the cotton fibers are longer, resulting in a finer, lighter more durable fabric and longer-lasting, higher-end clothing. Read More On Walmart | Welspun | Cotton Sheets | Us | Egyptian | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Walmart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun After the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic After the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic Walmart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Last month, US retailer Target Corp severed ties with Welspun after accusing them of passing off cheap sheets as premium Egyptian cotton for two years. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," Walmart said in a statement. The company will pull the products from its stores and website. Walmart said it will not cut ties with Welspun but will work with them to implement strong controls and better label the products. The retailer will offer customers, who purchased the products, a full refund. Egyptian cotton is prized because the length of the cotton fibers are longer, resulting in a finer, lighter more durable fabric and longer-lasting, higher-end clothing. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun After the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic Walmart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Last month, US retailer Target Corp severed ties with Welspun after accusing them of passing off cheap sheets as premium Egyptian cotton for two years. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," Walmart said in a statement. The company will pull the products from its stores and website. Walmart said it will not cut ties with Welspun but will work with them to implement strong controls and better label the products. The retailer will offer customers, who purchased the products, a full refund. Egyptian cotton is prized because the length of the cotton fibers are longer, resulting in a finer, lighter more durable fabric and longer-lasting, higher-end clothing. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Weather Traffic Politics Opinion Business Business Innovation Police & Fire MGM Springfield Casinos Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Auto Racing Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook Patriots on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive Food on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest MassLive on YouTube Back to Main Menu Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters comments Maine man imprisoned after paddling across Canadian border on air mattress Print Email Lucas Ropek | lropek@repub.com By Lucas Ropek | lropek@repub.com The Republican on September 09, 2016 at 9:04 PM, updated September 09, 2016 at 10:44 PM comments ST. STEPHEN, NEW BRUNSWICK — A man from Maine was arrested Wednesday after he used an air mattress purchased from Walmart to paddle across the St. Croix River and into Canadian territory, according to the Portland Press Herald. John Michael Bennett, 25, of Calais, Maine, claimed he was very concerned about his pregnant fiancee, who, he said, was in danger because of a violent ex-boyfriend. After attempting and failing to enter the country through an official border station, Bennett went to the local Walmart and bought both an air mattress and a paddle that he subsequently used to cross the river into Canada. Authorities say Bennett was rejected from the border station due to a pending criminal mischief charge he has in Calais. Bennett took the air mattress to a riverbank and inflated it, before getting in it and paddling across the "1,000 to 2,000 feet wide" section of river. Bennett's crossing was reported to authorities by a Canadian resident, after which Bennett was picked up by border patrol agents and police on Ledge Road in St. Stephen. Bennett appeared in court on Thursday and pleaded guilty to crossing into Canada illegally. As a result, he was sentenced to two months in jail and will also be deported to the U.S. after his sentence is over. "Although this was somewhat comedic in terms of how he came across, the larger message needed to be sent out to the public on both sides of the border that the penalties will be significant no matter what the circumstances," said Peter Thorn, a lawyer representing the federal Public Prosecution Service of Canada.   MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive Instagram Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MUST-SEE CONTENT See All » View the Fall Photo contest winning entries Best Of Mass Restaurant Chains: Who won? Election Day photos Check out our photo galleries » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Press Pass Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, November 18, 2016 83 Today's Paper Weather 64°F Sunny Friday, November 18, 2016   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Walmart shoplifter gets probation share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 'She always felt she could fix somebody' Cause of Tolono ammonia leak undetermined Parkland's problems might not be over × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Walmart shoplifter gets probation Fri, 09/09/2016 - 12:35pm | Mary Schenk URBANA — A Piper City man who admitted stealing electronics from the Champaign Walmart over several days earlier this year — then selling them to a resale shop — has been sentenced to a year of probation. Ryan Deatley, 32, pleaded guilty before Judge Heidi Ladd on Friday to retail theft over $300, admitting that between March 22 and 29, he stole controllers for three different kinds of video game systems on three different days from the Walmart, 2610 N. Prospect Ave., C. Champaign police later learned that Deatley and another man then sold those new controllers to the Disc Replay store at 2012 N. Prospect Ave., C. Deatley was also ordered to perform 75 hours of public service. Assistant State’s Attorney Tim Sullivan said Deatley had prior convictions for aggravated criminal sexual abuse, driving under the influence, domestic battery, trespass, disorderly conduct and forgery.  Sections (2):News, Local More Local What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 'She always felt she could fix somebody' Cause of Tolono ammonia leak undetermined Parkland's problems might not be over More Local What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 'She always felt she could fix somebody' Cause of Tolono ammonia leak undetermined Parkland's problems might not be over Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News #TheMJs, Nov. 18, 2016 Area history, Nov. 18, 2016 Champaign police review board panel goes over public input Clergy corner, Nov. 18, 2016 JPMorgan Chase to pay $264.4 million in bribery case This day in history, Nov. 18, 2016 What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 2 face charges in holdup at Danville Casey's Parkland volleyball reaches semifinals Gibson City's Pizza Hut shuts down More Local News $5 Reprints also Available Most Viewed News UPDATE: Woman killed had feared for her life; suspected killer dead of self-inflicted gunshot UPDATE: Woman dies in Urbana shooting UPDATE Deceased panhandler a familiar face: 'Everybody loved Richie' Shooting in Urbana Anhydrous-ammonia leak forms cloud near Tolono Most Commented News Not their president: UI students protest Trump's election For the record: Concealed carry after 3 years Trump protest at UI UI chancellor: 'Take a deep breath' UPDATE: Woman killed had feared for her life; suspected killer dead of self-inflicted gunshot Trending Now UPDATE: Woman killed had feared for her life; suspected killer dead of self-inflicted gunshot UPDATE Deceased panhandler a familiar face: 'Everybody loved Richie' UPDATE: Woman dies in Urbana shooting Shooting in Urbana Anhydrous-ammonia leak forms cloud near Tolono Tilmon set for 1 p.m. Thursday announcement Urbana shooting victim showed 'bravery and courage' Most painful recent Illini basketball recruiting misses LIVE! Tilmon signs with Illinois Murder charges filed in Tolono man's death Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2015 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> Local News Broward News Margate News Broward deputy accused of shoplifting at WalMart 7 times, once while in uniform, records show Broward deputy accused of shoplifting at WalMart 7 times, once while in uniform, records show Surveillance video shows Broward Sheriff's Deputy Dean Korenic, 46, shoplifting on seven occasions, investigators say. Surveillance video shows Broward Sheriff's Deputy Dean Korenic, 46, shoplifting on seven occasions, investigators say. Tonya AlanezContact ReporterSun Sentinel A Broward deputy was in uniform when he was videotaped shoplifting from WalMart, arrest documents show Privacy Policy A Broward sheriff's deputy finds himself suspended without pay and facing a felony charge after being accused of shoplifting everyday household items from two WalMarts in Coral Springs, according to records obtained Friday by the Sun Sentinel. Surveillance video shows Deputy Dean Korenic, 46, shoplifting on seven occasions, investigators say. He was in uniform one of the times and drove away with his stolen goods in a marked patrol car three other times, records show. A 14-year veteran of the agency, Korenic was arrested Tuesday and spent a night in jail before posting $3,500 bond on a felony charge of scheme to defraud/obtain property under $20,000, records show. "In review of the video ... the theft was apparent and intentional," an affidavit said. "The thefts were committed both in and out of BSO uniform." Sheriff's officials would not provide the videos to the Sun Sentinel Friday. Korenic, of Margate, was suspended without pay Tuesday. He makes $72,735. Korenic was initially suspended with pay when he was first advised of the investigation on June 6. On the deputy's alleged shopping list: Cool Water cologne, Jergens lotion, papertowels, disposable razors, detergent, syrup, toothpaste, bar soap, a canister of Maxwell House coffee and a carton of eggs. Dean Korenic Broward Sheriff's Office/Courtesy Deputy Dean Korenic. Deputy Dean Korenic. (Broward Sheriff's Office/Courtesy) "It's discouraging to see and read and hear about," Sheriff Scott Israel said. "He disgraced the badge, but at this time I choose to focus on the men and women in our public corruption unit whose job it is to investigate deputies who don't do everything the right way. They got right to it, they investigated it thoroughly. We're not going to tolerate police misconduct and deputies committing illegal acts." Despite four voicemail messages left on Korenic's home and cellphones, he could not be reached for comment. It was unclear if he had an attorney. The police union generally doesn't provide lawyers for law enforcement charged with crimes not associated with their jobs. It's discouraging to see and read and hear about. He disgraced the badge. — Broward Sheriff Scott Israel Although each alleged theft was for minor amounts — $34.13 on May 13, $49.54 on May 27 and $7.27 on June 16 — all totaled the scheme adds up to a 3rd-degree felony punishable by up to 5 years in prison. The deputy had a system, according to an affidavit in support of his arrest warrant. He would do his shopping, go to a self-checkout and scan some items but not all. Korenic would slip the unscanned items into his shopping bag and leave the store, the affidavit said. The first alleged theft was committed May 13 at a WalMart located at 6001 Coral Ridge Drive. When Korenic struck there again on May 23 he was wearing "a BSO patrolman's green short sleeve Class B uniform," the affidavit said. When Korenic returned June 3 he was dressed in "civilian attire" but drove his marked cruiser. His final shoplifting spree at that store was June 18, records show. Two of the three times Korenic stole from a WalMart at 3801 Turtle Creek Drive he left in his patrol car. He wore street clothes each time — May 27, June 5 and June 16, the affidavit said. Store security picked up on Korenic on June 3 when he was seen concealing a bottle of cologne in a pair of grey slippers. A loss-prevention officer followed him to the parking lot and saw him get into a patrol car. The officer took down the plate and car numbers, records show. A loss-prevention manager next performed an audit of the debit card Korenic used and came up with numerous transactions which helped investigators identify Korenic's other alleged thefts. "Korenic was readily identified via video, his tattoos and by the use of his personal Chase debit card," Detective Joshua Web wrote in the affidavit. The videos could not be released Friday, a sheriff's spokeswoman said, because the detective working the case had them and would not return to the office until Monday. Investigators on June 6 picked up Korenic from an off-duty detail at the central terminal for Broward County Transit in downtown Fort Lauderdale and took him to the sheriff's internal affairs office. While Korenic was advised of the investigation and suspended with pay, detectives searched the trunk of his patrol car. There they found a pair of gray slippers in a WalMart bag. And in the driver's door pocket was 2-ounce bottle of Jergens lotion. tealanez@sunsentinel.com, 954-356-4542 or Twitter @talanez Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Crime Theft Law Enforcement Broward County Sheriff's Office Shoplifting deputy Miramar officer guilty of stealing liquor from theft suspects BSO detention deputy accused in Wal-Mart shoplifting spree All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 78°
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Daily Deals: Samsung 4K Smart TV $530, Amazon Tap Alexa speaker $100, and more By Cody Lee, Sep 9, 2016 Tweet Leave a Comment iDB’s Daily Deal post is a roundup of our favorite deals on tech and tech-related products from around the web. This includes everything from smartphones, tablets and accessories, to connected devices and even video games. Every deal you see below has been hand-picked based on a variety of factors including personal experience, online reviews from customers and experts, and discount percentage. So what are you waiting for? Get shopping! Refurbished UE Roll Bluetooth Speaker GeekDeal (via eBay) has a good deal on UE’s popular Roll Bluetooth speaker. This portable speaker has been praised by critics for being very durable and producing great sound. Yes, there is a newer version out and yes, these models have been refurbished, but for the price you are getting a lot of bang for your buck. Free shipping, 90-day warranty. You can buy this UE Roll Bluetooth speaker on eBay for $40 (normal price new $100). Refurbished Beats Powerbeats2 Wireless Headphones We’ve covered the Powerbeats2 a lot on daily deals, so you know what these are: great looking and sounding Bluetooth in-ear headphones. These are refurbished units, sold via Walmart, at the lowest price we’ve ever seen ($70 for the red colorway). Perhaps this deal is even more relevant now given this week’s iPhone 7 event. You can buy these refurbished Powerbeats2 at Walmart for $70 (normal price new $200). Sony PlayStation 3 500GB Console True we now live in the days of Xbox Ones and virtual reality, but the PS3 still remains a solid gaming console with a plethora of games available. And Walmart is running a deal on the system right now that makes it a no-brainer for anyone in the market. No frills or unwanted games, just a PS3 system with 500GB of storage. You can buy this 500GB PS3 at Walmart for $150 (normal price $220). Amazon Tap Alexa-Enabled Portable Bluetooth Speaker We’ve highlighted deals on Amazon’s Tap Bluetooth speaker before, but this matches the lowest price we’ve seen. The Tap is the portable version of the popular Echo speaker/voice assistant. You get a great-sounding Bluetooth speaker, with access to Alexa at the touch of a button where you can get sports scores, weather forecasts and more. You can buy the Tap Bluetooth speaker on Amazon for $100 (normal price $130). Refurbished 12.9-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi – 128GB Looking for a 12.9-inch iPad Pro on the cheap? Check out this deal from top eBay seller mobilepros1. It’s the Wi-Fi only, 128GB model and yes these are refurbished units. The seller guarantees that the tablets are in 100% working condition and you are protected by a 30-day money-back guarantee. Shipping is free and all colors are available. You can buy this refurbished 128GB 12.9-inch iPad Pro on eBay for $600 (normal price new $900). Cambridge SoundWorks OontZ Angle 3 Bluetooth Speaker Usually, you get what you pay for with Bluetooth speakers. But that’s not the case for the Oontz Angle 3 from Cambridge SoundWorks. For $30 you get a portable speaker with crystal clear sound, IPX5-rated water resistance and durability, and up to 7 hours of playback time. Seriously, it has a 4.5 star rating on Amazon on over 8,400 reviews. You can buy this Cambridge SoundWorks Bluetooth speaker on Amazon for $28 (normal price $100). Samsung Gear VR Virtual Reality Headset Mobile virtual reality is finally here. With the Samsung Gear VR, you can play amazing games, watch Hollywood’s best movies in your own private cinema (or even on the moon!), socialize with friends new and old, be at the center of a suspense thriller, and so much more. The Gear VR drops you right into the action-and it’s only from Samsung & Oculus. You can buy this Samsung Gear VR headset on Amazon for $60 (normal price $100). Samsung 50-inch LED 4K Smart TV Looking for a 50-inch 4K TV on the cheap? Top rated eBay seller Videoandaudiocenter has Samsung’s UN50KU6300 at a great price right now. It offers 4K resolution, UHD (ultra HD) dimming, PurColor tech for accurate details, a simplified Smart TV interface, support for cloud gaming and a smart touchpad remote. Plus, with Smart View, you can stream whatever is on your TV to your mobile device. This set is on sale at a number of retailers, but this is by far the best price we’ve seen. You can buy this Samsung 50-inch 4K Smart TV on eBay for $530 (normal price $800). Remember that these are “daily” deals, meaning some of these prices may not be available for long. So don’t hesitate to take advantage of the savings! Want even more deals? Be sure to follow @iDBDeals on Twitter! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3 headphones, and more Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro, and more Daily Deals: $200 off 4K iMac, $500 off LG curved OLED TV, and more Daily Deals: $260 off Parrot Bebop Drone, $400 off 12.9-inch iPad Pro, and more Related Topics Accessories, Deal, Discount, iPad, iPhone, Roundup   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Google revamps Play Newsstand, adds For You recommendations, rich media, web app & more Apple launches worldwide “Touch Disease” repair program for iPhone 6 Plus How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
DA: Oneida Co. man assaulted girls at Rhinelander Wal-Mart - WAOW - Newsline 9, Wausau News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Lifestyle Obituaries NewsTeam WAOW Jobs Advertise With Us Contact WAOW Advertiser Services NEWS Northwoods WAKE UP Election 2016 Central Wisconsin News State Politics Crimestoppers Crime Files Water Cooler International WEATHER StormTrack9 Weather App 2016 Snowfall Contest Turkey Trot Forecast School closings, delays & cancellations Weather Blog SPORTS Brewers OUTDOORS On Wisconsin! Newsline 9 Sports Power 9 Scoreboard Pack Attack Packers Sports Express THINGS TO DO Warm Up Wisconsin Community Calendar Share photos & videos Gas Buddy Jefferson Awards VIDEO WAOW.com LIVE ABC Video Player WHAT'S ON ABC Video Player Discover Wisconsin CW DA: Oneida Co. man assaulted girls at Rhinelander Wal-Mart Posted: Friday, September 9, 2016 4:13 PM EDT By Melissa Langbehn, Anchor, Multimedia Journalist BioEmail Connect Biography mlangbehn@waow.com RHINELANDER (WAOW) - A Rhinelander man is accused of sexually assaulting two girls at a Wal-Mart store in Rhinelander. A  judge ordered John Donato, 64, jailed on a $5,000 cash bond during a court appearance Friday. According to police reports, Donato assaulted  the girls, ages 8 and 13, in the Wal-Mart store in late  August in a school supplies aisle.  Donato's preliminary hearing for prosecutors to present evidence justifying the charges is Sept. 15, court records said. Donato is charged with two felonies - second-degree sexual assault of a child and sexual contact with a child under 13. If convicted, he could face 100 years in prison and thousands of dollars in fines. Most Watched VideosMost Watched VideosMore>> Amherst wins second straight state football championship Amherst wins second straight state football championship UPDATE: Hunters find decomposed body at Rib Mountain State Park UPDATE: Hunters find decomposed body at Rib Mountain State Park A partially decomposed body was found Thursday at Rib Mountain State Park, according to the Marathon County Sheriffs Department. More >> A partially decomposed body was found Thursday at Rib Mountain State Park, according to the Marathon County Sheriffs Department.More >> Marshfield gets into the holiday spirit with annual parade Marshfield gets into the holiday spirit with annual parade The city of Marshfield held its 17th annual holiday parade on Thursday, and brought together families and friends to enjoy the show. More >> The city of Marshfield held its 17th annual holiday parade on Thursday, and brought together families and friends to enjoy the show.More >> Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner Morning Weather November 18th Morning Weather November 18th Wausau school receives failing grade from state report Wausau school receives failing grade from state report SPECIAL REPORT: Jordan on the Job - Cranberries SPECIAL REPORT: Jordan on the Job - Cranberries Edgar wins 7th state football championship Edgar wins 7th state football championship Pittsville woman charged with Craigslist car scam Pittsville woman charged with Craigslist car scam UPDATE: 4-year-old Antigo boy in stable condition after gunshot to head UPDATE: 4-year-old Antigo boy in stable condition after gunshot to head  A 4-year-old boy is in stable condition after shooting himself with a handgun, according to a statement on a Go Fund Me page. More >>  A 4-year-old boy is in stable condition after shooting himself with a handgun, according to a statement on a Go Fund Me page.More >>    Can't Find Something? WAOW 1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403 News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WAOW Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Sports Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive East Main Street in Barstow to close on evenings, weekends Friday Sep 9, 2016 at 3:50 PM Sep 14, 2016 at 2:58 PM Mike Lamb @mlambdispatch BARSTOW — Work to lower Frontier Communications' optic lines in front of the Super Wal-Mart construction site will close down East Main Street on weekends and after 6 p.m. during the week, according to a city official. "On Sept. 12, this Monday, they are going to start with the Frontier line lowering," Consulting City Engineer Brad Merrell reported to the City Council Tuesday. "Basically, they will have two-way traffic on East Main during working hours with flaggers. "Under those conditions, it will take them three more weeks just to lower the fiber optic lines. And that doesn't include the water lines. We haven't touched that phase. We are only going to do one at a time. So on Monday, they are are going to start with Frontier line." Merrell said the decision by Shames Construction to conduct night and weekend work and keeping traffic flowing during business hours during the week was made after request by Dr. B.V. Reddy at July Council meeting. Reddy owns a veterinary clinic next door to the Humane Society in the 2500 block of East Main Street. Reddy said he was representing many of the businesses and residents along East Main Street affected by the construction that at times blocks traffic for hours. He asked the Council during the public comment period for the city and Wal-Mart contractor to come up with some alternative plans to keep traffic moving. "Speed up the process as much as they can," Reddy said. "Our main priority is to see if you can convince (the contractor) to use one lane only and let the traffic use the other lane at lower speed. Put in some speed bumps. Stuff like that. "They (construction workers) do not work evenings, nights, weekends, holidays. They just come in the mornings at 8 or 9 o'clock and quit at 3, 4 o'clock. Obviously at that speed it will delay the whole job." Mike Lamb can be reached at 760-957-0613 or mlamb@desertdispatch.com. You can also follow him on Twitter @mlambdispatch. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Report a problem Online Services RSS Feeds Newsletters/Alerts Archives Article archive Advertising Info Advertise with us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DesertDispatch.com ~ Coolwater Lane, Barstow, CA, 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Photo Galleries Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Obituaries Sports Auto Racing Opinion Business Customer Service Self Service: E-paper Self-Service: Home delivery Subscribe E-Paper Help Request a Temporary Stop RSS Feeds More Photos Videos Calendar Place an Ad Route 66 Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»Wal-Mart Stops Selling Welspun India's Egyptian Cotton Sheets WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19  Euro +0,358 +0,55 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 09:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 65,02 65,17 16:28 65,01 65,12 16:28 10.09.2016 | 00:29 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Wal-Mart Stops Selling Welspun India's Egyptian Cotton Sheets BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said its stores will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India Ltd., after the Indian textile giant were not able to guarantee that the product was made form 100% Egyptian cotton. 'Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund,' Wal-Mart spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. Earlier, Walmart's rival Target had also announced it would pull Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds to the customers. Target also cut ended all the dealings with the Indian vendor. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 16:22 RBC Capital senkt Ziel für Wal-Mart - 'Underperform' Das Analysehaus RBC Capital hat das Kursziel für Walmart von 75 auf 72 US-Dollar gesenkt und die Einstufung auf "Underperform" belassen. Dies schrieb Analyst Scot Ciccarelli in einer Studie vom... ► Artikel lesen 15:52 Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target ► Artikel lesen 15:28 Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart ► Artikel lesen 13:04 Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Kulmbach - Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Martin Weiss, stellvertretender Chefredakteur vom Anlegermagazin "Der Aktionär", rät in einer aktuellen Aktienanalyse... ► Artikel lesen 12:26 Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety With Test of Blockchain Technology ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WELSPUN INDIA LTD Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 08:05 Q2FY17 revenue at Welspun India surges 22% ► Artikel lesen Mi Welspun India shares extend fall, dip over 4% on Q2 net loss ► Artikel lesen Mi Welspun India tanks 4% as firm takes Rs 501 crore one-time hit ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Egyptian cotton concerns tip Welspun India into loss ► Artikel lesen Di BRIEF-Welspun India likely to see muted growth in FY18 due to Egyptian cotton issue ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart WAL-MART STORES INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19 +0,55 % WELSPUN INDIA LTD - - Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wal-Mart Stops Selling Welspun India's Egyptian Cotton Sheets 9/9/2016 6:13 PM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said its stores will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India Ltd., after the Indian textile giant were not able to guarantee that the product was made form 100% Egyptian cotton. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund," Wal-Mart spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. Earlier, Walmart's rival Target had also announced it would pull Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds to the customers. Target also cut ended all the dealings with the Indian vendor. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 More Top Stories U.S. Leading Economic Index Inches Higher For Second Straight Month Sen Sessions To Be Attorney General, Gen Flynn Touted As NSA: Reports CFO Shake-up For Actuant Ohio Congressman Challenges Nancy Pelosi For House Dem Leader Japanese Prime Minister Abe Says He Has Great Confidence In Trump Stocks May Show A Lack Of Direction In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Trump Reportedly Picks Sen. Jeff Sessions To Be Attorney General Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Draghi Says ECB Cannot Yet Drop Guard On Eurozone Outlook Wall Street On Slippery Grounds European Shares Fall As Banks And Miners Retreat Asian Shares Recoup Early Losses European Shares To Open On Lackluster Note; Bank Stocks In Focus BSTC Finds New Use For Old Drug, FHCO Gets A Boost, SUPN Put On Notice Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring <<Previous        102 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Dipped After Q3 Profit Fell Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Is Down Following Q3 Report Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Reveals 8% Drop In Q3 Profit Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Facebook Stops WhatsApp Data Sharing Across Europe Over EU Criticism Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down JPMorgan Nears Over $250 Mln Settlement Over China Hiring Probe: Reports Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Vonovia Offers 0.496645 Shares/conwert Shr Or Alternative Cash Of EUR 16.16/shr United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet AT&T Stream Saver To Limit Video Quality To 480p Genentech: Actemra Meets Endpoints In Phase III GiACTA Study Digi Rejects $13.82/shr Proposal From Belden - Quick Facts Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products Kidde Recalls 3.6 Mln Combination Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
null
skip to main content Public Media for Southern New Mexico & Far West Texas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search KRWG KRWG Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search New Charge Filed in Las Cruces Walmart Incident By News Editor And Partners • Sep 9, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Las Cruces Police have filed a new charge in Magistrate Court against the man suspected of stealing a wallet from a woman who had just exited a local Walmart store. Christian Sanchez, 48, is now charged with a petty misdemeanor count of larceny. LCPD detectives had originally charged Sanchez with felony counts of robbery and conspiracy but the Third Judicial District Attorney’s Office dismissed those charges. Sanchez’s girlfriend, 36-year-old Shana Kowalke, was originally charged with a felony count of conspiracy to commit robbery but that charge also was dismissed by the DA’s Office. She no longer faces charges in this case. Officers were dispatched to the incident that occurred at about 8 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 3, at the Walmart store on Walton Boulevard. Detectives learned that a 19-year-old woman was leaving the store, carrying a bag of ice in each hand, with her wallet tucked underneath one arm. As she exited the store a man wearing a blue and white plaid shirt, later identified as Sanchez, approached from behind and ripped away the wallet from the woman. The victim gave chase as the suspect ran north into the parking lot. The victim yelled for help and caught up to the man, striking him several times in the head. Bystanders helped detain the man until police arrived. Detectives reviewed surveillance video from Walmart that indicates Sanchez and Kowalke were inside the store only a few seconds before Sanchez followed the victim outside. Detectives also have reason to believe that Kowalke helped Sanchez commit the crime by pointing out the victim. Magistrate Court issued a warrant for the arrest of Sanchez. Once he’s detained, he’ll be held on a $2,000 surety bond. Information from Las Cruces Police TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2016 KRWG Donate Now Search Contact Us Listen LIVE Regional Local Viewpoints KRWG News Video National/World Business Health Sports Weather NM Roads TX Roads Community Events Where to Watch & Listen Radio Schedule TV Schedule PBS and KRWG Video
Latest News Dow 18,894 -9.69 -0.05% Nasdaq 5,333 -1.36 -0.03% S&P 500 2,186 -1.45 -0.07% 10:27 A.M. ET Updated Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline 10:23 A.M. ET Salesforce CEO thanks Kanye for a great quarter 10:15 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles over fuel leak 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market flat as dollar continues rise; Nasdaq hits intraday record 10:13 A.M. ET Updated U.S. economy steady as she goes, leading indicators show 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Donald Trump taps Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 10:05 A.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 10:01 A.M. ET U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October 9:45 A.M. ET Lego Opens Its Biggest Store in the World in London 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock halted for volatility 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart to stop selling Welspun India’s Egyptian cotton sheets By Sarah Nassauer and Preetika Rana Published: Sept 9, 2016 5:00 p.m. ET Share Retail giant joins others in questioning advertised cotton content Getty Images Looking for Welspun sheets at Wal-Mart? Look no further. By SarahNassauer PreetikaRana Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India Ltd., after its investigation found the Indian textile giant couldn’t guarantee the products were legitimate. “Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable,” Wal-Mart WMT, -0.33%  spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. The world’s biggest retailer is removing the Welspun products from U.S. store shelves and Walmart.com. Wal-Mart said it would offer customers who purchased the products a full refund. It will donate the sheets currently on shelves. The move is the latest blow to the Indian textile company after Target Corp. TGT, +0.11%  last month said it was pulling thousands of Welspun’s “Egyptian cotton” sheets from its shelves and cutting ties with the company after it found Welspun had not used actual Egyptian cotton in the products for about two years. Target’s move spurred other Welspun customers, including Wal-Mart, J.C. Penney Co. JCP, +0.14%  and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. BBBY, -0.16%  also to investigate the products. Penney and Bed Bath & Beyond on Friday didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular now on WSJ.com: Wells Fargo to Pay $185 Million Fine Over Account Openings Opinion: The Trump Blitz Begins Chinese Billionaire Linked to Giant Aluminum Stockpile in Mexican Desert More from MarketWatch Investors may lose 40% in ‘safe’ bonds — and retirees are most vulnerable Should Parents Engage Their Young Teen in Arguments? Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $68.97 -0.22 (-0.33%) Volume 2.4M Open $68.93 High $69.40 Low $68.52 P/E Ratio 14.95 Div Yield 2.91 Market Cap 214.0B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $76.22 +0.09 (+0.11%) Volume 891.4K Open $75.90 High $76.25 Low $75.72 P/E Ratio 13.61 Div Yield 3.15 Market Cap 43.8B J.C. Penney Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JCP $9.44 +0.01 (+0.14%) Volume 3.8M Open $9.39 High $9.47 Low $9.16 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.9B Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BBBY $44.85 -0.07 (-0.16%) Volume 311.2K Open $44.62 High $44.86 Low $43.51 P/E Ratio 9.1 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 6.8B LatestNews
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Pulls Welspun Not-Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Stores, Offers Refunds Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Pulls Welspun Not-Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Stores, Offers Refunds Image courtesy of JoelZimmer September 9, 2016 3:50 pm EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup not egyptian welspun fieldcrest egyptian cotton cotton sheets better homes and gardens canopy walmart After Target pulled sheets that it says were mislabeled as Egyptian cotton from its shelves, dropped the supplier, and offered refunds to customers, other stores that carry products from the same supplier conducted their own reviews. Walmart announced today that it will no longer sell the company’s Egyptian cotton sheets and will give shoppers refunds, but won’t drop the company as a supplier like Target did. If you bought Fieldcrest brand Egyptian cotton sheets from Target in the last two years or so, you may be due a refund. The retailer discovered that Welspun had substituted another type of cotton while labeling the sheets as Egyptian cotton, yet the mislabeled products still sold for up to $75. Now Walmart is also issuing refunds, having sold sheets made from the same problematic fiber under its home-goods brands Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. The retailer promises refunds to customers who bring in the affected sheets, their tags, or a receipt from purchasing the sheets for a refund. “Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label,” a Walmart spokeswoman told Bloomberg Markets. “Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund.” Shoppers pay premium prices for long-fiber cotton types like Pima or Egyptian. This sheet scandal might lead those shoppers to question the entire idea of labeling: if you can’t depend on the label to tell you the origin and contents of a product, what can you depend on? That’s a scary prospect for sheet-makers and retailers alike. The importance of labels is what led Target, Walmart, and another retailer of Welspun products, Bed Bath and Beyond, to review the products and reconsider their relationship with the supplier. Wal-Mart Drops Welspun Egyptian-Cotton Sheets After Review [Bloomberg Markets] September 9, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup not egyptian welspun fieldcrest egyptian cotton cotton sheets better homes and gardens canopy walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related a welspun walmart lawsuit Walmart Sued For Selling Mislabeled Welspun Egyptian Cotton Sheets what's in a name? If You Bought Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Target, You Might Be Getting A Refund not so welspun Bed Bath & Beyond Banishes Welspun Products From Stores Taking a closer look Now Walmart’s Investigating The Sheet Manufacturer That Target Ditched bad bedding Consumers Suing Welspun Over Egyptian Cotton Bedding Made With Inferior Materials Previous Federal Safety Commission Urges Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Owners To Stop Using, Charging Devices; Still No Official Recall Next Why Do Purple Skittles Taste Different Outside The U.S.? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Why Do Purple Skittles Taste Different Outside The U.S.? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives UTSA student could get life sentence in soda theft case What your dogs mean when they makes these gestures HPD arrested 82 on felony DWI charges in Sept, Oct 3 Playboy playmates sue Texas strip club over racy ads Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History UTSA student accused of refilling soda without paying, assaulting Houston protest leaders say they're being targeted for arrest FBI, Secret Service join search for missing son of congressman Baytown murder suspect Jesse Dobbs stabbed teen girlfriend US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who Man dressed as ninja breaks into comic book store, steals a What happens to lions and tigers when their cartel owners get Tinder murder case's Gable Tostee in '60 Minutes' interview: 'I Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Derek Carr on Texans: 'They didn't even talk to me one time' Langham Creek's Kelechi Osemele provides nasty streak for Raiders Breaking down UH's dominant win over Louisville by the numbers Panthers beat Saints in game marred by injuries Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Bush IAH one of several U.S. airports in line for British Airways Bailey Banks & Biddle plans Houston opening at The Galleria World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport Wienerschnitzel inks franchise deal for 32 Houston restaurants A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Houston's best and most expensive restaurants It's no decoy: 'Duck Dynasty' to wrap after 11 seasons Latin Grammy Awards 2016: Best and worst dressed Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states This polar bear petting a dog is the cutest thing you'll see The heir: 9 things to know about Donald Trump Jr. Scenic Houston's annual dinner breaks two previous records Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/retail/article/Revamped-Walmart-store-reopens-in-West-Houston-9213251.php Revamped Walmart store reopens in west Houston By Mike D. Smith Updated 3:55 pm, Friday, September 9, 2016 Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 1of/20 Caption Close Image 1 of 20 Bob Baktash shopping in the produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Bob Baktash shopping in the produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 2 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 3 of 20 The produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 4 of 20 Store manager Jeff Hayden talks customer Carmen Zapata, and her one-year-old son Sebastion, at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) less Store manager Jeff Hayden talks customer Carmen Zapata, and her one-year-old son Sebastion, at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September ... more Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 5 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 6 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 7 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 8 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 9 of 20 Frozen food department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Frozen food department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 10 of 20 The entertainment department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The entertainment department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 11 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 12 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 13 of 20 Customer Service department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Customer Service department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 14 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 15 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 16 of 20 The pharmacy in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The pharmacy in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 17 of 20 Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 18 of 20 Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 19 of 20 Store manager Jeff Hayden, left, and market manager Pedro Andrade at the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) less Store manager Jeff Hayden, left, and market manager Pedro Andrade at the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September ... more Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 20 of 20 Revamped Walmart store reopens in west Houston 1 / 20 Back to Gallery Walmart marked the grand reopening Friday of a west Houston store, one of hundreds the retailer plans to remodel this year. The store, at 2700 S. Kirkwood, features an expanded produce area, an expanded deli, a new pharmacy and a changed layout of its customer service and pickup areas. Those are among the same changes the retailer plans to complete at about 400 stores nationwide. Walmart officials have said the goal is to increase shopper convenience. Recently in the Houston area, similar changes were made to the Walmart store on Broadway Street in Pearland. Other retailers also are remodeling their store layouts. Recent examples include the Randalls store in Midtown Houston, Fiesta Market on South Wayside Drive and Kroger's three-year program to add and remodel existing stores in the Houston area. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW ProScan 32" 720p LED LCD HDTV for $98 + free shipping WalmartPosted 7 hr 43 min ago SHOP NOW Jockey Men's Slim-Fit Crew T-Shirt 3-Pack for $8 + free shipping eBayPosted 1 day 3 hr ago SHOP NOW Candy Variety Packs: Deals from $4 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 day 3 hr ago SHOP NOW Goggles4U Prescription Eyeglasses for $1 + $6 s&h Goggles4uPosted 3 hr 28 min ago Latest News Bush IAH one of several U.S. airports in line for British... World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport Wienerschnitzel inks franchise deal for 32 Houston restaurants Port of Houston Authority undertakes new marketing Hay Merchant again opens the cellar for Black Friday UTHealth, Purdue Pharma announce alliance Rice MBA program among top 10 in the nation, best in Texas,... October new vehicle sales show continued downward trend New Carl's Jr. burger restaurant opens in Houston Stage Stores reports lower Q3 earnings Small Business How to Add Wi-Fi to a Dell Desktop How to Auto-Run a Program at Startup on Windows 7 What Is the Meaning of a Payable to Order Promissory Note? SWOT Analysis for a Bank Campaign What Is Business/Semi-Formal Dress for Women? Most Read 1 Scarlett Fakhar says she was fired by KRIV-TV following... 2 Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who... 3 Bring a jacket: Houston is about to see a 20+ degree drop in... 4 Owners of Houston's V Live Club get locked out, nearly $200K... 5 Alexandria Vera, teacher impregnated by 13-year-old student,... 6 WWE announces Survivor Series for Houston 7 Mother learns her little girl killed in robbery 8 Toys "R" Us Black Friday 2016 ad circular released 9 World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport 10 FBI, Secret Service join search for missing son of congressman... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
null
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out New Brunswick LIVE NB More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NB Maine man jailed for floating to New Brunswick on air mattress John Bennett, 25, had been denied entry into Canada because of mischief charges The Canadian Press Posted: Sep 09, 2016 2:31 PM AT Last Updated: Sep 09, 2016 3:42 PM AT Motorists from St. Stephen, N.B., wait to go through U.S. Customs at Calais, Maine in this 2006 file photo. Officials say a 25-year-old American man denied entry to Canada at this border crossing later tried a different route: using an air mattress to float across the nearby St. Croix River. (Robert F. Bukaty/Associated Press) A young U.S. resident, driven by what he said was a desire to protect his Canadian girlfriend, used an air mattress to float across the St. Croix River in southeastern Maine and illegally enter New Brunswick late Wednesday, a Crown prosecutor says. Twenty-five-year-old John Bennett told police he had earlier tried to cross the border at Calais, Maine, but customs officers denied him entry because he was facing mischief charges in the U.S., lawyer Peter Thorn said Thursday. "He was told by the officer that until he got those cleared up, he wouldn't be admitted into Canada," the prosecutor said. Bennett was sentenced Thursday to two months in jail. Thorn said the provincial court in Saint John, N.B., was told Bennett purchased an air mattress at the local Walmart, inflated it and later used a wooden board to paddle across to an area near Ledge Road, southeast of St. Stephen, N.B. However, a local resident spotted the man, and he was later arrested by the RCMP and charged with failing to appear at the border crossing as required by the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. "He was wet and carrying his boots ... [and] walking towards the town," said Thorn, a lawyer representing the federal Public Prosecution Service of Canada. Before Bennett pleaded guilty to the charge Thursday, he told police he had to reach his pregnant girlfriend in Canada because he was worried for her safety, Thorn said. "He said she had an ex-boyfriend who was threatening her, but that hasn't been confirmed by the other party," he said. Bennett has no fixed address but is believed to live in Calais. The prosecutor said he had heard of people swimming across the river before, but he said the air mattress method was a novel approach. As for the judge hearing the case, Thorn said he told the accused: "Pardon the pun, but it seems to me you wanted to get there, come hell or high water." A 25-year-old American bought an air mattress at the Walmart in Calais, Maine, and was arrested after using it to cross the St. Croix River and illegally enter Canada. (Google Maps) © The Canadian Press, 2016 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Fredericton Partly Cloudy 8°C Saint John Mist 7°C Moncton Cloudy 7°C Bathurst Mainly Sunny 8°C Oromocto Mostly Cloudy 7°C More Weather | Latest New Brunswick News Headlines T.J. Burke faces discipline hearing on conflict-of-interest charges Incoming Horizon Health Network CEO prepares for tough conversations Fecal contamination from humans, dogs, cows found in Shediac Bay study Dual busing system unlikely to see changes, say school districts Fredericton announces location of new Playhouse Must Watch Video Historic quilt delivery doesn't go as planned 0:44 Things hit a bit of a snag during the attempt to return the Confederation Quilt to the Hampton's Kings Country Museum on Thursday. Video Pink-footed goose on the loose 0:28 His flight was supposed to go to Europe, but this pink-footed goose instead ended up on a golf vacation in Fredericton. Hardly par for the course, say excited birdwatchers. Video How about smoothies instead of slushies? 1:11 A nutrition teacher at Bernice MacNaughton High School in Moncton is calling on Anglophone East School District to enforce the nutritional policies implemented by the Education Department. Video Cats at Moncton shelter stricken by respiratory infection 0:58 A highly contagious respiratory infection is making its way through the rescue cat population at the Greater Moncton SPCA. Top News Headlines December rate rise almost certain as U.S. Fed chair resolves she won't cave in to Trump: Don Pittis Why were no SQ officers charged in Val-d'Or abuse scandal? Crown will explain today These are the most ticketed parking spots in Canada Experts urge Liberals to update 'embarrassingly bad' Criminal Code read comments Did Trudeau tip his hand on NAFTA? Not while Trump's trade talk is all rhetoric: Chris Hall read comments Most Viewed New Brunswick man found guilty in Quebec maple syrup heist Marissa Shephard charged with assaulting guard at Miramichi jail Video of young woman being assaulted by 3 others being investigated in Campbellton Haneytown man says Base Gagetown helicopters affecting health Gallant government abandons school bus duality court case 2 people killed in collision with transport truck near Allardville 5 teen girls face charges in assault of another teen girl in Campbellton New Brunswick cougars are likely escaped pets, not eastern cougars Woman killed while attempting to cross Bayside Drive around 9:30 p.m. Devin Morningstar, 19, guilty of 1st-degree murder of Moncton teen Baylee Wylie Saint John sends back cheque for fertilizer plant land Bouctouche woman wants mental-health system to protect son and community Don't Miss Analysis U.S. Fed's Janet Yellen throws down the gauntlet on Trump's economic prescription: Don Pittis Crown to explain its decision not to press charges in Val-d'Or abuse scandal What are the worst places to park in Canada? Here's what the data says Experts urge Liberals to update 'embarrassingly bad' Criminal Code Analysis Is Trump's tough talk on trade all bluster? Business leaders shouldn't wait to find out Inflation in Canada ticks up to 1.5% despite cheaper groceries Video Trudeau speaks to business leaders in Buenos Aires LIVE LIVE Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, official says Niagara West-Glanbrook elects Ontario's youngest ever MPP Racist graffiti spray-painted on Parkdale United Church, Ottawa Muslim Association Opinion The banks are poised to meet their scariest competition yet: blockchain CBC Investigates Should police be able to force you to hand over your digital passwords? Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Kurdish PM opposes Canada's 'organized migration' of Yazidis Health ministers meet in Ottawa to develop opioid crisis plan Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
null
null
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money As New Closing Highs Are Achieved, Watch the VIX DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer on Kroger's Disappointing Quarterly Results Jim Cramer says there's a big price war going on, especially since Walmart, Target and Amazon's move into the food space. Jim Cramer Rhonda Schaffler Sep 9, 2016 12:23 PM EDT TheStreet's Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer said there's a big price war going on, especially since Walmart ( WMT) , Target ( TGT) and Amazon's ( AMZN) move into the food space. 'The supermarket chains did not see this coming and they're going to have to make some changes,' Cramer said. Kroger ( KR) lowered its full-year guidance on Friday. At the time of publication, Jim Cramer's charitable trust Action Alerts PLUS held no positions in stocks mentioned. If you liked this article you might like 5 Tips on Managing Risk in Your Portfolio With so many unknowns in the investing world, it's important to manage risk, limiting downside, while protecting upside. These tips can help. Chris Ciaccia Nov 18, 2016 10:17 AM EST Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart The sector has posted strong results, but is the momentum sustainable? Matt Thalman Nov 18, 2016 9:01 AM EST What's in Store for Holiday Season? It's now game on for all consumer companies Brian Sozzi Nov 18, 2016 9:00 AM EST In Case You Missed It Thursday: Tesla-SolarCity Deal Gets Shareholder Stamp of Approval Walmart WMT, rate hikes and Tesla TSLA, oh my! Those are some of the biggest headlines on Wall Street this Thursday. Emily Stewart Nov 17, 2016 5:01 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending 15 Great Jobs Where Workers Can Earn Over $100K a Year Is Nvidia Too Hot to Handle? These 5 Stocks Are Turning 'Toxic' Eli Lilly's Alzheimer's Drug Study Results Are Coming -- Here's What Investors Need to Know Acacia Communications Could Be Ready to Rocket Higher Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
News Crime & Courts Women use $4,000 in counterfeit money to buy gift cards, police say Chespeake police are searching for the women in these photos in connection to a counterfeit money scheme, where they used $4,000 in fake cash to purchase gift cards from Wal-Mart.   (Michele Canty) Michele CantyContact ReporterDaily Press Women use $4,000 in counterfeit money to by gift cards, police say Privacy Policy Chesapeake police are looking for six women who they say used counterfeit money to buy gift cards at Wal-Mart. According to police reports, the women entered a Wal-Mart in the 1500 block of Sam's Circle and purchased $4,000 in Visa and MasterCard gift cards with money that turned out to be fake.  Police ask anyone with information on the crime or identities of the women to send a text with CHESTIP to 274637 or submit a tip online at www.chesapeakecrimeline.org.  Follow Canty on Twitter @DPMCanty. Follow the Daily Press @Daily_Press. Copyright © 2016, Daily Press tronc Trending Videos Pictures: Mug shots from local arrests Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 60°
Skip to content ⓱orbits Tech + Gear + Space + Misc Menu Search About Contact Twitter Sponsorship Search for: Search ⓱apple – Get a 15% Discount on the Apple Music Family Sharing Plan On September 7, 2016October 3, 2016 By DrDrewIn Technology Best Buy, Walmart and PayPal are offering a $99 Apple gift card good for a one year prepaid subscription to Apple’s music streaming service. That’s normally a $120 commitment given the monthly service cost of $9.99 x 12 months for the Individual Membership. Apple prominently promotes the $21 annual savings as equivalent to two months of “free” Apple Music. The 17.5% discount brings the effective monthly rate down to just $8.25/mo.  There is no equivalent prepaid card for the Family Membership because of the inherent savings this plan offers. This plan can be shared with up to six people in your household. That’s a great value – – even at the non-discounted price.  Your best option on the Family Plan is this deal on eBay that nets a 15% discount. This $100 iTunes gift card* (2 x $50) is delivered via e-mail in minutes directly from PayPal Digital Gifts. It’s currently reduced to just $85. You can redeem it on your iPhone and apply the account credit towards your monthly Apple Music family membership.  And don’t forget that your first 3 months are always free with the initial trial membership. Qualified students get the best deal at just $4.99/mo.   Apple Music gets better all the time and now you can get it at 15-17% off. Crank it up.  *If the listing is temporarily sold out just check back in a day or two. This link will be updated as inventory is replenished or when new deals are announced Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related AppleApple MusicBest Buygift carditunesWalmart Post navigation Previous ⓱iPhone – No Lines at Apple Stores for the iPhone 7. But That’s Okay Next ⓱utilities – Change Your macOS User Account and Home Folder Names Follow ⓱orbits on WordPress.com Search for: Search Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Recent Posts Apple’s Newest USB-C Dongles — All 24 of them Re-Enabling the Startup Chime on the 2016 MacBook Pro ⓱Apple – Where Have All the ‘iPhone-Killers’ Gone? ⓱mobile – AT&T Waives Data Limits and Late Payment Fees in Areas Impacted by Hurricane Matthew Road Kill – Apple Knocks Off 3 Competitors in a Month ⓱life – YouTube’s “Good Guy of the Year” ⓱fitness – Real-Time Heart Rate Monitoring with Apple Watch ⓱news – HP Intentionally Bricks Printers with a Firmware Update – Cites Security Risk Nonsense ⓱lifehacks – 6 Bizzare Amazon Dash Buttons (and 17 Incredibly Useful Ones) ⓱deals – Stock Up on Extra-Long Apple Lightning Cables for Just $10 each ⓱news – iOS 10 Adoption Surpasses Android’s Latest Offerings In Just SIX Days ⓱news – Samsung Botches Exchange Program  – Galaxy Note 7 Users Still at Risk ⓱opinion – the Unapologetically Imperfect iPhone 7 ⓱gear – The Ultimate Battery Pack – Now with a BUILT-IN Lightning Connector and AC Charger ⓱apple – New TV Spots for Series 2 Apple Watch and iPhone 7 ⓱deals – Amazon Prime Adds New Member Benefits ⓱iOS – Find Your Missing Apple Watch Using iCloud and iPhone  ⓱help – Official iOS 10 User Guide for the iPhone – Now FREE from Apple ⓱features – Turning on Apple TV’s New ‘Dark Mode’ with Only ONE Button Press ⓱news – The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 BANNED by the U.S. Government  ⓱gear – Amazon’s Echo Just Released in New “Dot” Form Factor – Get One FREE ⓱sports – Watch The NFL on Twitter – Starting Today ⓱life – Steve’s Wish – The True Definition of Courage ⓱applefixthis – Updating to watchOS 3.0 from the iOS Beta Program [THE FIX] ⓱food – Best Guacamole Ever. My Recipe ⓱gear – Never Lose Your AirPods ⓱diy – Build a Super Fast 27 inch iMac for $520 ⓱humor – The REAL Reason Apple Got Rid of the Audio Jack ⓱This Years #1 Christmas Gift – Inexpensive Bluetooth Headphones ⓱utilities – Change Your macOS User Account and Home Folder Names Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 Search 17orbits Search for: Search Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Follow ⓱orbits on WordPress.com Powered by WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Americas Texas mattress store closes after posting controversial 9/11 advert Ad ended with two members of staff falling screaming into two towers of mattresses Feliks Garcia New York @feliksjose Friday 9 September 2016 14:45 BST Click to follow The Independent US Popular videos Alzheimer's Research imagines Christmas without Santa in powerful ad Donald Trump doesn't understand what Citizen Kane is about Inter Milan contact Gerrard over signing former Liverpool captain Trump calls for Muslim registry in newly emerged video despite denials A Texas mattress retailer will close "indefinitely" following a controversy with an advertisement promoting its “Twin Tower” sale in honour of the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.  Staff of Miracle Mattress in San Antonio posted a video to Facebook to highlight the weekend sale, offering any size mattress for the price of a twin, or single.  Read more Florida Walmart dismantles 9/11 memorial made from Coca-Cola products “What better way to remember 9/11 than with a Twin Tower sale,” store manager Cherisse Bonanno said before two other employees fall backwards into a two stacks of mattresses that resembled the World Trade Centre's Twin Towers. “We'll never forget,” Ms Bonanno says after the fall. The video went viral on multiple social media channels Thursday evening. By Friday afternoon, the store's doors had been shuttered with a note announcing its indefinite closure, San Antonio Express-News reported.  “Effective immediately, our Miracle Mattress store will be closed indefinitely,” storeowner Mike Bonanno said in the letter. “We will be silent through the 9/11 anniversary to avoid any further distractions from a day of recognition and remembrance for the victims and their families. "We take full responsibility for our actions and sincerely regret the hurt and pain caused by this disrespectful advertising campaign.” The store had issued an apology Friday morning.  “We are very sorry we have offended you,” the company said in a now deleted statement on Facebook. “Our intentions were not to hurt anyone at all. Our staff is full of military and some relatives have passed away due to 9/11.”  Revealed: 9/11, as seen from the skies 12 show all Revealed: 9/11, as seen from the skies 1/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 2/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 3/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 4/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 5/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 6/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 7/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 8/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 9/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 10/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 11/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 12/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger Mr Bonanno said the video was posted the the location’s Facebook page without the permission of the Houston-based corporate office.  “I say this unequivocally, with sincere regret: the video is tasteless and an affront to the men and women who lost their lives on 9/11,” he said, adding that the company will review its marketing strategy. The controversy comes days after a Florida Walmart location dismantled a display of Coca-Cola products arranged to illustrate the Twin Towers. Store management did not realise it would offend people until a photo of the arrangement spread through Twitter.  Last surviving 9/11 search dog saluted in hero's send-off in Texas “We stopped and stared at it like, ‘Oh my God,’” Shawn Richard, who photographed the display, told BuzzFeed. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled.” Outrage over the two adverts marks another chapter highlighting the seemingly annual struggles of brands and companies to capitalise on the deadliest terrorist attack on US soil, that claimed the lives of nearly 3,000 people. In 2013, AT&T tweeted out an image featuring a hand holding a smartphone against the New York City skyline – the 9/11 memorial Tribute in Light appeared in the screen in place of the Twin Towers.  Read more Clint Eastwood defends scenes of planes crashing into skyscrapers in Sully, due out 9/11 anniversary weekend George Carlin comedy routine shelved after 9/11 to be broadcast 9/11 report: Secret 28 pages showing possible Saudi links released by US Congress The tweet was up for an hour before the company removed it after Twitter users lashed out at the telecommunications company.  Although the AT&T sent out a second tweet with an apparent apology, but many users felt it was disingenuous. “We apologise to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste,” they said in the tweet. “The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy." More about: september 11 Texas Reuse content Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Weather 48° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Walmart: Coke display stacked like twin towers removed The Associated Press , WVEC 2:43 PM. PDT September 08, 2016 Courtesy @online_shawn via Twitter (Photo: Twitter screenshot) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST NEW YORK (AP) - Walmart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center at a Florida store has been removed and wasn't meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 attack. The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers built with Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Walmart said the display was removed Wednesday. It said, "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard." The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honor local firefighters. It apologized and said the display has been replaced. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Men spot shark attacking seal in Columbia River Adoptee to be deported to South Korea Voting record of arrested protesters Video appears to show shark attacking seal Teens arrested for vandalism at Roosevelt HS Burglary Investigation: Part 2 PPS supports undocumented immigrants Fact-checking social media protest rumors Renovated Lloyd Center ice rink reopens Family covers swastika vandalism with love More Stories Vancouver man adopted at 3 deported to South Korea Nov 17, 2016, 10:34 p.m. Alabama Sen. Session Trump's top pick for AG Nov 18, 2016, 6:34 a.m. Millions of Americans find drug savings in Canada Nov 17, 2016, 9:24 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics Shred Redirect Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save Nation Now Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge Shot of the Day redirect-contests Trending Today Redirect - Stepping Up Sunrise /getahead Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs Quick Links jobs redirect Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network RSS Connect With Us E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy Ad Choices FCC Public Inspection File Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2016 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Opinion Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Dallas' North-South Gap Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Richard Drew/The Associated Press As 9/11 would prove, we Americans just don't do unity very well Filed under Commentary at Sep 9 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Mike Hashimoto, Editorial Writer Connect with Mike Hashimoto On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now We are so far removed from 9/11 that it takes a prompt to remember that sense of national unity that must have prevailed in the weeks and months after, as we tried to understand the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil. There were signs. Candlelight vigils, moments of silence. Wal-Mart sold 116,000 American flags on Sept. 11, 2001, and another 250,000 the next day. We queued up to donate blood. Members of Congress, left and right, literally embraced. Extreme voices, left and right, were shushed by normal allies, at least for a moment. There was respect and grieving for more than 3,000 people killed that day, including 400 police officers and firefighters, at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and a field in Shanksville, Pa. The individual acts of heroism on 9/11 and in the aftermath will live forever. Yet a senior at DeSoto High School, just south of Dallas, saw something else among his classmates on that momentous day: "They talked about how they failed their tests, whining about everyday things when thousands of people just died," Alvin Grissom told this newspaper. "It shows how desensitized we are, not like the generation before us." Or not. After all the outpouring, after all the blood was donated and that last Wal-Mart flag had faded, all we were left with was ourselves. It's a little sad, in a way, but not as much as I once thought. The rush of patriotism and resolve after 9/11 was America. Alvin's classmates at DeSoto High School were, too. So was our mobilization against terror that would include war efforts in Afghanistan and then Iraq. So were the knuckleheads who attacked Muslims, for looking too much like terrorists, and even Sikhs, for looking too much like Muslims. And the political hard-liners on both sides who tapped their feet impatiently, eager to put all this commonality aside for a headlong rush back to the partisan trenches. I hope I'm not bursting your bubble, but does a unified vision, a national sense of purpose, in any way comport with your view of America and Americans? Then, now or ever? How is our latest national conversation on (please insert your favorite topic) going? Today, we ask, "What happened to that 9/11 unity?" The Associated Press cited the Gallup poll of our national pride, taken annually since 9/11, and found we had retracted to an all-time low. From a high of 70 percent in 2003 who said they were "extremely proud" to be Americans, by June of this year it was down to 52 percent. Democrats who want to blame George W. Bush can point to a drop to 58 percent by the end of his second term. Republicans pointing a finger at Barack Obama can note steady declines over his two terms, with never a year of improvement. They are our only post-9/11 presidents. One of them must be at fault, right? And it's a bit ironic to ask about unity this year, as we endure one of the most painfully campaigned presidential elections in history. Donald Trump's weaknesses as the Republican nominee are well chronicled, day after day after day. Hillary Clinton's failings as the Democrats' nominee are less trod but no less striking. To say they are talking past one another — and probably most voters — is an understatement. Not to mention their surrogates and spokespeople. I mean, a little incivility livens up the newspaper, but seriously. And if unity seems far away now, how must it have seemed in the months before 9/11, when many had long since invalidated the Bush presidency over the hanging-chad election of 2000? That wasn't too divisive, was it? Or the Clinton impeachment era. Or Iran-Contra. Or Jimmy Carter, Richard Nixon, the '60s and Vietnam and two world wars and on and on. The iconic Ground Zero flag, raised by firefighters above the site of the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center, is on display at the National September 11 Memorial & Museum after going missing for several years. Spencer Platt/Getty Images Without taking a side on any of it, apparently possible only in the hypothetical, can we agree that unity ain't us? This isn't a modern construct: Some of my more veteran colleagues remind me of a certain Civil War, among other issues of division; even older ones insist they were told that some colonists were perfectly happy to stay in King George's orbit. Politically, America today has been short-handed as a 50-50 nation, which is mostly true. I'd peg it more specifically at 40-40, with 20 percent too busy with real life to care, or dozing their time away. Maybe 9/11 was, for a last, fleeting moment, that place we think we remember from days gone by, when a Greatest Generation linked arms to turn back the Nazis or a Silent Generation stood against Cold War communists. Unity and unanimity aren't necessarily the same. (And if you want a little unity, take heart that roughly 9 in 10 Americans hold Congress in very low esteem.) If you long for that post-9/11 feeling, consider that it would take an event at least as cataclysmic to stir in us similar patriotic fervor. And recognize that that would last about as long, which is not very. America was conceived as a place to compete and succeed, to make a life and pursue happiness, to believe as we wish. I'm happy for you and everyone else to agree with me (Unity!) as you would be for me and everyone else to go your way. (Mistake!) So we won't all run in the same direction, and that's just fine. In fact, that's the way it was meant to be. View Comments Tags Commentary Opinion Politics Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Opinion More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Parsons Prom Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via GettyCampus Life Chipotle Will Deliver Burritos by Drone to Virginia Tech This is not a drill. facebook dialog Pinterest Lily HermanSep 9, 2016 9:46AM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Walmart, Amazon, Dominoes Pizza, and all sorts of other corporations have been vying to be the first company to offer drone delivery services in the States, but it looks like that honor will go to the noble quest of delivering burritos to hungry college students instead. Fast-casual food chain Chipotle and Google's parent company Alphabet just announced that they will be testing a new drone food delivery program at Virginia Tech this month for the next couple of weeks, reports Bloomberg. The test is part of Project Wing, a unit of Alphabet, and even though it seems small, the experiment had to go through numerous channels (including the Federal Aviation Authority and even The White House) to get approval. What are these glorious Chipotle drones testing? The biggest points of experimentation are food package longevity (how long can food stay warm and intact?) and drone integrity to ensure that food can be properly and safely delivered. The hope of many organizations looking to get in the drone delivery game is that this test will pave the way for more action in the field. "It’s the first time that we’re actually out there delivering stuff to people who want that stuff,” Project Wing lead Dave Vos told Bloomberg when explaining how groundbreaking the test is. And how does Virginia Tech feel about all of this? The university's president, Tim Sands, had a sense of humor in a statement he made about the project: "Last year while discussing the entrepreneurial spirit at Virginia Tech, I jokingly speculated we might one day have quadcopters delivering ramen noodles around campus — apparently I wasn’t off by much." The question is, will guac still be extra if it's delivered by drone? Related: This Menu Hack Will Save You Up to $5 at Chipotle (So You Can Spend it On Extra Guac) follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest What do you think? Comments Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast WebsitesCondé Nast Websites- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -AllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerConciergeDetailsEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQHotel ChatterJauntedLuckyNutritionDataRedditSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVegas ChatterVogueWWired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2016 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related My LifeFind Out the Details of Chipotle's New Restaura… My LifeThere's a New High Tech Way to Crack Down on Ch… My LifeInstagram Is About to Make Another Major Change to …
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism TrainingEnhance Your Skills Self-Guided Training Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Must Read Money Stories Beats Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Finding New Stories in Domestic Manufacturing, Part 2 by Debbi G McCullough September 9, 2016 Share this! Some of the largest Fortune 500 companies are bringing factory jobs back to U.S. shores. American flag photo via Pixabay A growing number of American companies are reshoring part or all of their operations to the U.S., a major theme in this election year. This blog looks at five Fortune 500 firms bringing manufacturing home, and focuses on story angles business reporters can use. General Electric Co. In 2011, General Electric brought the manufacturing of its energy-efficient water heaters back to Louisville, Kentucky after years of building the devices in China. USA Today reports that the move returned hundreds of manufacturing and engineering jobs to the States. The American Manufacturers Association also notes that over the past seven years General Electric has made high-efficiency light bulbs and batteries on American soil, adding 2,656 jobs. The Reshoring Initiative, a nonprofit advocacy group, reports the reasons for the switch: government incentives, the ability to improve business processes, and overseas issues such inventory control, currency changes, freight costs and personnel risks. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The mammoth retailer is one the biggest American companies to reshore operations. Although it remains a major importer of goods from China, 2013 saw the launch of Walmart’s Made in America initiative. The company pledged that by 2030, it would purchase $250 billion of products made, sourced or grown in the U.S. The American Manufacturers Association reports that the program has already brought 4,838 jobs back to America. Walmart hopes its efforts can create 1 million jobs in America, according to Boston Consulting Group. Ford Motor Co. In 2015, Ford brought back part of its operations from Mexico and Spain to Avon Lake, Ohio, creating 3,200 manufacturing jobs in the process. Some of the company’s truck models and engines are also being manufactured in the U.S. 24/7 Wall Street reports that along with state tax breaks, improving manufacturing quality and reducing shipping costs were the biggest incentives for these moves. Boeing Co. In Fall 2014, Boeing announced plans to reshore the manufacturing of its 777 series passenger jets to its St. Louis plant. Completing the process will likely take until 2017. Puget Sound Business Journal reports that Boeing’s incentive are tied to its goal of “zero growth in greenhouse gas emissions over the decade ending in 2017.” Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar has brought some of its manufacturing from Japan and Mexico to several plants across the U.S., including Victoria, Texas, and Athens, Georgia. San Antonio Business Journal reports that moving its construction equipment manufacturing operations from Mexico to Texas will bring around 200 jobs to region, and benefit both dealers and customers. Reporter’s Takeaways More U.S. companies are attempting to restore jobs to Americans by bringing back part or all of its operations from overseas. The Reshoring Initiative is an excellent resource for researching specific cases. The Walmart Made in America initiative alone, through which the retailer pledges to purchase $250 billion of products made, sourced or grown in the states by 2030, hopes to restore 1 million jobs to the country. Look into the incentives for companies to bring manufacturing back to the U.S.; state tax brakes, supply chain costs and green initiatives may play a role. Debbi G McCullough runs Hanging Rock Media. She writes and edits for the Guardian’s Guardian Labs, Washington Post’s WP BrandStudio and the Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. She also teaches business communication part-time at the UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School and is a United Nations Foundations press fellow 2016. Related Posts Finding New Stories in Domestic Manufacturing, Part 1 domestic manufacturing made in America reshoring Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News Must-Read Money Stories for Friday, Nov. 18 Share this!JPMorgan Chase settles bribery case for $264 million JPMorgan November 18, 2016 Staff Editor to Freelance Writer: 4 Tips for a Successful Career Transition Share this!Whether or not to go freelance might be one November 18, 2016 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Coverage tips, story ideas and training opportunities. Get our latest content first. Subscribe to our mailing list Powered by WordPress Popup
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Sat, Nov 19, 2016, 2:28 AM AEDT - Australia Markets closed Britain charges three ex-Tesco execs over accountsAFP – Fri, Sep 9, 2016 1:21 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Tesco is the world's third-biggest supermarket group after France's Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-Mart Britain's Serious Fraud Office on Friday charged three former executives of Tesco with fraud and false accounting in a criminal probe into an accounting scandal at the supermarket giant. Carl Rogberg, Chris Bush and John Scouler -- Tesco's former UK finance chief, UK managing director and food commercial head respectively -- were charged with one count of fraud by abuse of position and one count of false accounting. The three men will appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on September 22, the SFO said in a statement, adding its investigation was still ongoing. The SFO launched a criminal probe into Tesco in October 2014 after the company revealed it had overstated profits by an amount which has since risen to as much as £326 million ($435 million, 386 million euros). The alleged activity occurred between February 2014 and September 2014, according to the SFO. Tesco, which is Britain's biggest retailer, said it will continue to cooperate with the probe. "We note the decision of the SFO to bring a prosecution against former colleagues in relation to historic issues and acknowledge the investigation into the company is ongoing. Tesco continues to co-operate with the SFO's investigation," it said in a brief statement. "The last two years have seen an extensive programme of change at Tesco, but given this is an ongoing legal matter, we are unable to provide any further comment at this time." The supermarket titan was plunged into crisis two years ago after it admitted overstating profits in an accounting error. In recent years, the group has also been hit hard by fierce competition in main market Britain, particularly from German-owned discount retailers Aldi and Lidl -- but also from Asda, Morrisons and Sainsbury's. In a bid to turn around its fortunes, Tesco appointed outsider and former Unilever executive Dave Lewis in July 2014 to replace long-standing chief executive Philip Clarke and oversee a drastic restructuring. Tesco is the world's third-biggest supermarket group after France's Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-Mart. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Water fight could drench backpacker billAAP A stoush over water reform could sink the government's hopes of getting its backpacker tax through parliament. … VW to cut 30,000 jobs, 23,000 in GermanyAAP Kogan welcomes prospect of AmazonAAP Crean enlisted to help Latrobe ValleyAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7364 -0.0051 -0.69% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5967 -0.0002 -0.03% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6947 -0.003 -0.43% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Golden pheasant Health insurance ISIS Melbourne Cheap international flights 457 visa program Mobile phone Leonard Cohen Adelaide Accommodation Brendan Dassey iPad Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
null
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads Doe’s replicating its steak and tamales formula Hancock panel hires adviser for development plan Drought threatens planting of Mississippi’s wheat crop Officials hope to attract more visitors, extend their stays with program reboot CYBER HACK — Market for specialty cyber insurance expanding, but there’s much to learn JOSH MABUS — Break the unwritten rules Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction Mississippi 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Current Weekly Edition Magazines and Special Pubs Home » OPINION » Columns » TODD SMITH — Social media overtakes TV as main source of news for millennials TODD SMITH — Social media overtakes TV as main source of news for millennials Posted by: Contributing Columnist in Columns, MBJ FEATURE, NEWS, OPINION, Technology September 9, 2016 TODD SMITH The 18-24 crowd (younger Millennials) has used the internet as its primary source for news for several years. Now it is specifying “social media” as its main source of news, with that niche overtaking television for the first time. The information comes from a study done by The Oxford University Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism. It looked at consumers of news and information around the world for its “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2016.” This is the fifth year it has issued such a report. It’s a fascinating report. Twenty-eight percent of 18-24 year-olds say social media is their main source of news, compared to 24 percent who cite television. Since 2013, the number of people in the US who say they get their news from social media has doubled – 46 percent now use social media for news. A lot of news sites are ramping up their development of video, betting on it as a growth strategy. Ad revenue is better on video. But the study finds the news audience isn’t so keen on seeing video. More than three-quarters still rely on text. Many find video inconvenient, with 35 percent citing pre-roll advertisements as an annoyance. News tends to be consumed at work—and the person in the cubicle next to you isn’t always thrilled to hear the full-blast volume of a Geico ad. When it comes to social media, Facebook rules the roost for sharing news. 44 percent of the survey respondents say they use Facebook for news, compared to just 10 percent from Twitter. 19 percent use YouTube for news. Snapchat, which is new to the news game, only registered one percent. We love to share news. A quarter of us share news via social media at least once a week. An interesting note: people in the US generally share stories they approve of, but people in the UK are more likely to share stories about things they don’t like. Read into national character what you will. What do social media news users want most? Breaking news. And this year, for the first time, the study tracked users of smart watches. They, too, want breaking news most on their device. The study is comprehensive and well worth a read. The audience keeps shifting, and the only thing that’s predictable is that it gets more social and more fragmented in a digital world in motion! Brands pitch in on Louisiana flood relief Following historic floods in Louisiana, numerous brands pitching-in on relief efforts. Target, Walmart, Starbucks and Tide all contributed in the wake of the epic rainfall that flooded the area with more than 6.9 trillion gallons of water in August. Target, which has six stores and over 1,000 staffers in the Baton Rouge area and other affected areas, has pitched in with volunteers and distribution of water and gift cards to local nonprofits. The retailer has also donated $100,000 each to the Salvation Army and American Red Cross. Similarly, Walmart announced that its foundation will give $1 million to various nonprofits including the Greater Baton Rouge Food Bank in support. In total, the retail chain is committing $1.5 million for food and supplies. “We have been working closely with nonprofit partners, first responders, elected officials and governmental organizations to learn how we can use our strengths to help,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation, in a statement. In late August, Tide, which is owned by Procter & Gamble, sent its Loads of Hope truck to Baton Rouge in order to collect, wash and dry laundry free of charge for victims affected by the floods. P&G also handed out cleaning products including Mr. Clean and Swiffer. Duracell also sent its truck with batteries and a charging station. Starbucks donated $100,000 to the American Red Cross, and the brand encouraged customers and employees to text “LAFLOODS” to 90999 in order to donate $10 to the relief fund. Some brands have taken their efforts in an untraditional direction. Pizza Hut started a GoFundMe page asking for contributions to help staffers affected by the tragedy. In addition, the Ad Council and GSD&M recently unveiled a black-and-white ad, “Our Turn,” in response to the disaster, which is the country’s worst since 2012’s Hurricane Katrina. The film, which includes a voiceover from Matthew McConaughey, directs viewers to OurTurntoHelp.org. Candy brands honor Gene Wilder, Willy Wonka News of actor Gene Wilder’s death took the internet by storm, and opened a flood of candy-inspired, tributes to the “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” from colleagues, fans and – Inevitably – candy brands. During his long career, Wilder was known for many films including the Oscar-nominated “Young Frankenstein” and “Blazing Saddles.” But sweet-toothed brands have been chiming in on Twitter to thank the star for his contributions to, you guessed it, the world of chocolate for his turn as Willy Wonka. The 90-year-old chocolatier Godiva Chocolates shared a tribute with its 17,200 followers: “Thank you Gene Wilder for making chocolate truly magical, the original Willy Wonka.” Also, the Twitter account for U.K. candy brand New Berry Fruits chose “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” as its film of the day. Smaller brands like candy retailer McMillers Sweets have also chimed in. It RIP’d the actor as the “original Candyman.” While the tweets have attracted only positive remarks – and reminiscent smiles – so far, brands that choose to grieve celebrities publicly enter murky territory. There are big risks when it comes to summoning personal tragedy – particularly when your tribute mentions your product in the same breath. Case in point: Crocs deleted its tribute to the late David Bowie (a shoe overlaid with the singer’s iconic lightning bolt) after Twitter users criticized it as opportunistic. Equally, Cheerios irked Prince fans with an RIP tweet that dotted the “I” with a single Cheerio. Other messages for Wilder were more personal. DeBrand Fine Chocolates simply wrote that the actor was a childhood inspiration. While Dandelion Chocolate, a bean-to-bar factory in San Francisco, added that it showed Wilder’s 1971 classic every year. Sweet memories, indeed, for one of our world’s greatest actors. Melted Mic | Samsung’s Galactic Image Goes Up In Flames! Samsung’s brand has melted into a tech nightmare! The South Korean electronics giant was forced to suspend sales of its new flagship smartphone, the Galaxy Note 7, last Friday because dozens of the handsets have exploded. The phone, which has been extremely well reviewed, is now also being recalled worldwide, in a move that is likely to cost Samsung millions. And compounding matters, the colossal disaster came on the eve of the launch of a new iPhone from Samsung’s archrival Apple – which launched new versions of its iPhone and watch on Wednesday. It’s a hard to overstate this Galactic brand blunder! When Samsung launched the Note 7, it had the stage to itself. It had the momentum. It had a very real shot at being the phone of 2016. But it’s reputation exploded instead. And replacing 2.5 million devices will cost Samsung hundreds of millions of dollars, and could certainly melt its sterling reputation for quality, at least for the foreseeable future. Each week, The Spin Cycle will bestow a Golden Mic Award to the person, group or company in the court of public opinion that best exemplifies the tenets of solid PR, marketing and advertising – and those who don’t. Stay tuned – and step-up to the mic! And remember … Amplify Your Brand » Todd Smith is president and chief communications officer of Deane, Smith & Partners, a full-service branding, PR, marketing and advertising firm with offices in Jackson. The firm — based in Nashville, Tenn. — is also affiliated with Mad Genius. Contact him at todd@deanesmithpartners.com, and follow him @spinsurgeon. advertising Business marketing Mississippi NEWS social media 2016-09-09 Contributing Columnist tweet Tagged with: advertising Business marketing Mississippi NEWS social media Previous: JOSH MABUS — Get less than you bargained for Next: ON LAW — 7 steps to maintain corporate formalities About Contributing Columnist More Stories Like This Mississippi wants former college students to finish degrees November 17, 2016 Doe’s replicating its steak and tamales formula November 17, 2016 Hancock panel hires adviser for development plan November 17, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics Gov. Bryant places priority on reserves in his budget plan November 16, 2016 Tupelo City Council to address Mississippi state flag November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 BILL CRAWFORD: Appointments will tell if Trump can deliver November 13, 2016 Mississippi high court to consider hidden public records dispute November 11, 2016 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money Gov. Bryant places priority on reserves in his budget plan November 16, 2016 Trustmark Corporation and RB Bancorporation announce definitive merger agreement November 14, 2016 Rankin Co. school superintendent, board discuss bond issue November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields November 14, 2016 Best Places to Work 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Stroke Care Centers List 2016 directory of Stroke Care Centers, ranked by Level 1, 2 or 3. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2016 Mississippi Business Journal            
Sign up for the Freebie Friday newsletter and start saving some green Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free Apple iPhone 7, free rotisserie chicken at Publix Save on admission at world-famous Butterfly World Save $3 on admission and see 20,000 species at the largest butterfly park in the world in Coconut Creek. Save $3 on admission and see 20,000 species at the largest butterfly park in the world in Coconut Creek. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Free iPhone 7, Chicken McNuggest and rotisserie chicken at Publix. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! Today's the big day to preorder Apple's iPhone 7! You can get the hot new smartphone for free with deals from T-Mobile and AT&T.  Hungry? Get free 10-piece Chicken McNuggets at McDonald's on Saturday and Publix is giving away free rotisserie chickens in the deli through Wednesday. Also, Nanas and Pop-pops get free admission to Butterfly World on Saturday and Sunday in honor of Grandparents Day. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday newsletter. FREEBIES Free iPhone 7 from T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 credit valued at $650 from AT&T for DirecTV and U-verse customers Free rotisserie chicken at Publix; expires Wednesday Free 10-piece Chicken McNuggets at McDonald's Free entry for grandparents at Butterfly World on Saturday and Sunday Half off Sam's Club membership; expires Sept. 15 Free Sawgrass Mills coupon book; expires Sept. 30 Free $10 Starbucks gift card; expires Sept. 30 Free breakfast sandwich at Chick-fil-A; expires Saturday Free deluxe sample of Lancome Endless Perfection Teint Idole Ultra Foundation Free kids meals at Chipotle on Sundays; expires Sept. 25 Free $10 Publix gift card with Stocking Spree Rewards Free entree at Smashburger; expires in October Free three-month membership at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires Dec. 31 Free Blizzard at Dairy Queen Free $10 gift cards at Publix with $50 grocery purchase; expires Dec. 31 Last day to get free rotisserie chicken at Publix Doreen Christensen Wednesday is the last day to get dinner's on Publix with a free $7 rotisserie chicken from the deli. Bag the free bird with purchase of three eligible P&G products. The promotion is listed on the back page of this week's store circular. No coupon is necessary. Mix-and-match Tide detergent, Bounty... Wednesday is the last day to get dinner's on Publix with a free $7 rotisserie chicken from the deli. Bag the free bird with purchase of three eligible P&G products. The promotion is listed on the back page of this week's store circular. No coupon is necessary. Mix-and-match Tide detergent, Bounty... (Doreen Christensen) Free extra 1GB of data from T-Mobile Free small fry and drink with purchase at Arby's; expires Sept. 13 Free entree at Olive Garden with purchase Free medium Slurpee at 7-Eleven Free pocket guide of the Constitution of the United States Free ice cream from Baskin-Robbins Free gift cards, $49.99 Apple iPhone 6s at Best Buy Free movie ticket (includes 3D & IMAX) with first order on Atom Tickets app Free dessert with entree purchase at Chili's; expires Sunday Free, discounted tickets to Miami Marlins baseball games Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free Galaxy S7 smartphones with purchase from AT&T Free burrito at Moe's Southwestern Grill with app download Free beer from Budweiser Free drinks at RaceTrac with rewards app Free 6-inch sub at Subway Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free entry for kids at Legoland Florida Free membership on Angie's List Free movie tickets for AT&T customers on Tuesdays Free admission, BOGO deals with 2-for-1 Summer Savings Card Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com Free Target gift card deals; expires Saturday Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Walmart Beauty Box with $5 shipping Free three-piece Aveda Invati Hair Care System Free food at McDonald's  with app download Free theater and concert tickets from GoldStar.com Free $50 Roku streaming device from Sling TV Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free 30-day trial of HBO Now Free 30-day trial of Kindle Unlimited from Amazon Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free space travel and retro travel posters from NASA Free Jiffy Mix recipe book Doreen's Deals: Top 10 travel tips for Labor Day and fall trips | Commentary Doreen Christensen Labor Day is Sept. 5. If you're planning a getaway over the long weekend or later this fall, use my tips to save on travel near and far. Theme park tickets: Florida resident month kicks off in October, but locals can save on theme park tickets now at VisitOrlando.com. Orlando's official tourism... Labor Day is Sept. 5. If you're planning a getaway over the long weekend or later this fall, use my tips to save on travel near and far. Theme park tickets: Florida resident month kicks off in October, but locals can save on theme park tickets now at VisitOrlando.com. Orlando's official tourism... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday 15 per cent or 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Sept. 14 Free shipping with $25 purchase at Macy's $20-$100 in Nordstrom dollars with purchase; expires Sept. 12 $5 off with Famous Footwear app; BOGO half-off sale; expires Sept. 14 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Free pack & hold service for college students from Bed Bath & Beyond $10 off first Groupon.com with code WELCOME $5 off signature oil change at Jiffy Lube Costco Wholesale coupons for September Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Digital coupons with Whole Foods Market app $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot Free 20-piece Chicken McNuggets at McDonald's on Tuesday Doreen Christensen Get free Chicken McNuggets with purchase of another at McDonald's on Tuesday. Find the offer, good at participating restaurants in Broward, Palm Beach, Miami-Dade and Monroe counties, listed in McDonald's mobile app. It's free to download. On Aug. 1, the fast-food giant removed preservatives from... Get free Chicken McNuggets with purchase of another at McDonald's on Tuesday. Find the offer, good at participating restaurants in Broward, Palm Beach, Miami-Dade and Monroe counties, listed in McDonald's mobile app. It's free to download. On Aug. 1, the fast-food giant removed preservatives from... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL AND CONSUMER NEWS Doreen's Deals: Happy 86th birthday, Publix! Doreen Christensen: Top 10 travel tips for fall trips Cell carriers eliminate overage frees, go unlimited with new data plans How to switch carriers and keep your old cell phone Target offering refunds on Egyptian cotton sheets New Uber Plus offers $5 flat-rate fares in Miami for a monthly fee Five ways to save on college textbooks New AT&T Mobile Share Advantage end data overage fees Sweet spa deals and Dine Out Lauderdale runs through Sept. 30 AT&T increases internet data to 1 TB for U-verse customers Save big bucks at Aldi as grocer opens 28th store in Plantation Amazon and Wells Fargo offer discounts on student loans Why's everyone gaga for Wawa? Target makes changes to coupon policy Free Uber rides with CapitalOne credit card; expires in March Get more cash back with new Costco Anywhere Visa credit card Doreen Christensen: Goodbye Comcast, we're done How to cut the cable or satellite cord and tune in free HDTV AT&T and Comcast increase internet data speeds Save $60 on new voice-activated Apple TV Christensen: Remembering Burdines, Jordan Marsh and Luria's How to save nearly $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge Expert rates Trader Joe's Two Buck Chuck, other cheap wines Whole Foods Market selling invasive lionfish in Florida Never miss a deal with new Amazon Assistant Consumer legal tips from WSVN's Help Me Howard DINING COUPONS 7-Eleven: Free medium Slurpee with text offer; expires Dec. 31 Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich Chick-fil-A: Free breakfast sandwich; expires Saturday Chipotle: Free kids meals, drinks for students; expires Sept. 30 Dunkin' Donuts: Free medium beverage with DD Perks rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich with email signup IHOP: Free meals (3) with reward club signup IHOP: Kids eat free with adult meal purchase; expires Sept. 25 IKEA: Free eats on Tuesdays for kids Johnny Rockets: Two free hamburgers with email signup McDonald's: Free Chicken McNuggets in September McDonald's: Free french fries on Friday with coupon in mobile app Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup RaceTrac: Seven free drinks with rewards app Smashburger: Free entree with purchase; expires in October FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free entry at national parks through Sunday Free, discounted tickets to Miami Marlins baseball games BOGO deals 70 hot spots with Summer Savings Card Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum program Free entry for 4th graders and families at U.S. National Parks Free and half-price theater, concert tickets from GoldStar.com Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal movie tickets with AARP card Free Build and Grow Kids Clinic at Lowe's at 10 a.m. Saturday Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturday and Sunday 20 percent off Cirque du Soleil shows with AARP card Free guitar classes at Guitar Centers on Saturdays Free cooking classes at Williams-Sonoma TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free entry for kids with purchase at Legoland Florida Florida resident deals at theme parks, hotels from VisitOrlando.com Free admissions and discounts at Disney World, Universal, Busch Gardens Discounted tickets, room rates for military at Disney World, Disneyland Free and half-priced tickets for active duty, veterans at SeaWorld parks Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel It's Freebie Friay! All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 78°
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. As 9/11 nears, Walmart yanks Coke display that looked like twin towers CBS News 9/8/2016 CBSNews Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Walmart store's 9/11 display sparks outrage CBS News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT NEW YORK -- Walmart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center at a Florida store has been removed and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.74 -0.45 -0.65% The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers recreated with Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. wasnt this just a tribute?👉😐Florida Walmart's Coke display remembering 9/11 sparks outrage https://t.co/XFbyaeOi7B— ShArKy666 (@ykrahs666) September 8, 2016 Walmart (WMT) said in a statement the display was removed Wednesday. It said, “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display.” Coca-Cola did not immediately respond to a request for comment.© Provided by MarketWatch 9/11 store promotions prove to be a terrible idea, again Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News 5 least (and most) expensive stadiums to watch an NFL game CBS News CBS News View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 35 Ways to Save for Your Emergency Fund 10 Best Student Savings Accounts Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips CD Loans: How to Borrow Against Your Certificate of Deposit How to Close Your CD Early Without Paying a Fee Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans What Is an Unsecured Loan? What Is a Secured Loan? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News The Most Anticipated IPOs of 2017 How to Invest in Oil Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 13 Everyday Habits That Destroy Your Retirement Fund 7 Hidden Fees to Watch Out for in Retirement Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 10 Free Student Checking Accounts What Is a Checking Account? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How Do Credit Unions Make Money? Are Banks Open on Black Friday 2016? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips 6 Pros and Cons of Store Credit Cards How Your Dallas Credit Card Benefits Can Save You Money Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Personal Finance Tips > Career > How to Survive a Layoff How to Survive a Layoff By Cameron Huddleston September 9, 2016   The jobless rate in America is now about half of what it was during the Great Recession — 4.9 percent versus a high of 10 percent in 2009, according to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Still, seven states saw big increases in their unemployment rates this past July. Job losses have been particularly pronounced in states with economies tied to the energy industry, which has suffered of late due to a drop in oil and gas prices. Additionally, big retailers like Walmart have been cutting jobs — the discount superstore announced plans to close 269 stores this year. If you think your job is at risk or have recently been laid off, “the first thing you need to do is breathe,” said Scott Bishop, director of financial planning at STA Wealth Management in Houston. Then, you need to make a plan to prepare yourself emotionally and financially before a layoff happens, so you can survive once it does. Here are some tips to survive getting laid off. TomeK K. / Shutterstock.com 1. Do a Financial Fire Drill Ideally, you need to take steps to prepare your finances before you lose your job. According to Donna Freedman, author of “Your Playbook for Tough Times: Living Large on Small Change, for the Short Term Or the Long Haul,” it’s a good idea to have a financial fire drill. Start by determining your baseline budget — the absolute minimum amount of money you need to cover basic costs, such as food, housing, utilities and debt payments, she said. Next, check the website of your state unemployment insurance agency to get an idea of what your weekly benefits will be. Doing this will help you figure out how much more money you’ll need from other sources, like savings, for necessities and how many nonessential costs you’ll need to cut. “If you find out just trimming the budget will help you with lost income, start doing it now and put that money in an emergency fund,” Freedman said. “Don’t let that money disappear.” If you think you’re getting laid off, your emergency fund should have more than six months’ worth of expenses saved in a money market account because it can take that long to find a new job, said Bishop. You can build savings if you’re married and your spouse works by living on the paycheck of the person with the more stable job, he said. You can also follow these steps to save at least $10,000. “When the time comes and you have this plan, you might find you’re doing just fine with less,” said Freedman. Yulia Grigoryeva / Shutterstock.com 2. Line Up Credit Although it’s not the ideal way to stay afloat during a layoff, relying on credit might be necessary. Because it’s easier to get credit when you have a job, Bishop said you should take steps to line up credit before you’re laid off. For example, you might want to open a home equity line of credit that you can tap if you need emergency cash. According to Bishop, if you can’t pay your bills when unemployed, you should use your credit cards before tapping your 401k or retirement account, which should only be used as a last resort. If you have to rely on money in your 401k, it’s better to take a loan than a distribution — which will be taxed at your regular income tax rate and subject to a 10 percent early withdrawal penalty. Be aware that you’ll have to pay back a 401k loan within a short period of time — usually 60 days  — or it will be treated as a withdrawal. baranq / Shutterstock.com 3. Start Networking According to Bishop, you should start looking for a new job before you’re laid off. “Refresh that resume, get out on social media, go to networking events, join organizations,” he said. “Let people know you’re looking for your next opportunity.” If you are laid off and your employer offers an outplacement service, take advantage of it to get career counseling and other assistance. Or, consider hiring a career coach to help you weigh your options and make better decisions. “Think of it as an investment,” Bishop said of the expense. zimmytws / Shutterstock.com 4. Understand Your Employee Benefits You need to know what the status of your workplace benefits will be if you lose your job. “It’s hard to make good decisions at the time the layoff is happening,” said Bishop. Instead, you should be aware of what will be available and plan in advance. For example, employees should determine whether they will be able to continue getting health coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA). This law requires employers with 20 or more workers to continue offering health coverage to those who lose or leave their jobs. However, former employees have to pay up to 102 percent of the cost of the health plan, so you might want to look elsewhere for more affordable coverage. Find Out: How Your Employee Benefits Can Help You Save Over $750 Every Month If you’re offered a severance package, you need to understand what you’re agreeing to in order to get a payout from your employer before signing anything, said Bishop. “A severance payment usually comes with three or four pages of things you can’t do,” he said. “Figure out if the value of what you’re getting in a severance agreement is worth what you have to give up.” For example, there might be a non-compete clause that will make it difficult to get a new job in your field for a period of time. You also need to know what impact a layoff will have on any stock options you might have or additional insurance coverage, such as life insurance, said Bishop. antoniodiaz / Shutterstock.com 5. Cut Expenses to the Bone If you didn’t reduce spending before a layoff, you’ll likely have to cut expenses dramatically when you do lose the job. According to Freedman, expenditures like restaurant meals, hobbies and nights out might have to be put on hold during this period. However, she cautions consumers not to ditch their internet service — they’ll need it to help find new jobs. Additionally, you should talk to your auto insurance agent to find out how much you’ll save by raising your deductible, dropping collision coverage —  if your car is old enough — or keeping your vehicle parked in the garage because you won’t be driving to work daily, she said. You can also switch to a lower-cost phone plan and ask children which of their extracurricular activities are most important to them, as the rest might have to be put on hold. Freedman also recommends making a list of things you can sell to generate extra income during a layoff. For example, she once sold a plastic baseball figure on eBay for $1,200 when she was going through a divorce and hurting for cash. Dean Drobot / Shutterstock.com 6. Prioritize Bills When cash gets tight, you might need to prioritize which bills you need to pay first. For example, it’s better to push off a medical bill than a mortgage payment, said Bishop. Additionally, you should let lenders and service providers know about your financial situation before you miss a payment. “Once you skip a payment or two, and they send you to collections, all bets are off,” he said. You might be able to lower the amount you owe each month by taking advantage of programs for those in need. Freedman said she was able to get a reduced rate for utilities when she was at her lowest point financially. If you have federal student loans, you might be able to take advantage of income-based repayment plans to lower your monthly bill, said Bishop. Monkey Business Images / Shutterstock.com 7. Get a Part-Time Job As you look for new full-time employment, you might have to take a part-time job to pay the bills — even if it’s not your preferred line of work. According to Freedman, if your unemployment benefits are about to end and you still haven’t found a full-time job, you shouldn’t turn up your nose at openings that are less than ideal. “You can’t let pride get a hold of you,” Bishop said. Along with reaching out to friends, family members and former bosses to see if anyone knows of an open position, you should take time to scour the online job boards for opportunities. You might even be able to find a job that lets you work from home, so you’re still available to attend interviews. A recent FlexJobs article showcased 35 companies that offer work-from-home jobs on a part-time basis, including About.com, Walden University, Rosetta Stone and Xerox. Accepting a job for the short term can help you cover expenses — and stay out of debt — while you seek out more meaningful opportunities. “Think of it as a lifeboat job — one that keeps you afloat until your real boat comes in,” Freedman said. wavebreakmedia / Shutterstock.com 8. Take Advantage of Assistance Programs Government and community programs exist to help you through tough financial times. For example, you might be eligible for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) to help cover the cost of food. Freedman recommends calling 211 — which is the number for the community services clearinghouse in most areas — to find out what services are available near you that can help. She said you should explain your situation and be specific about what sort of help you need. However, you should take this step before you’re in dire straits, because assistance programs might require that you fill out forms and be entered in their systems before you can start receiving help, she said. Losing your job is a stressful experience. However, if you take the steps listed above to prepare your finances before a layoff, you’ll be able to deal better with the shock of losing your job. And, you’ll be more likely to stay afloat financially if you are unemployed by making the right moves and taking advantage of any assistance that’s available. Keep Reading: Biggest Company-Wide Layoffs in the Last 15 Years Share This Article How to Get That Raise Before the End of the Year 15 High-Paying Jobs You Can Get Without a College Degree Related Articles 10 Best and Worst Jobs for Work-Life Balance 8 Ways to Stop Worrying About Money 8 Jobs That Will Go Extinct by 2030 7 Ways to Build a Powerful Network These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Advertiser Disclosure * APY = Annual Percentage Yield Most Popular Personal Finance Articles ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Post-Election: 1 in 3 Americans Are Not Confident in the Financial Future of the U.S. Economy 6 Car Repairs You Can (Really) Do Yourself 50 Stores With the Best and Worst Return Policies Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Find Interest Rates Near Me Banking CD Rates Savings Account Checking Accounts Personal Loans Car Loans Mortgage Rates Credit Cards Go! Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2016 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Coca-Cola apologises over ‘tacky’ 9/11 tribute The Twin Tower recreated in Coca-Cola boxes Credit: Shawn Richard/Twitter Adam Boult 9 September 2016 • 8:57am A visitor to a supermarket in Florida couldn’t believe his eyes when he spotted this 9/11 tribute – the World Trade Centre fashioned out of boxes of Coke cans. “We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god,” said Shawn Richard, a tourist in the area who had stopped in at the Panama City Walmart to buy some things for the beach. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 “Nobody seemed to be noticing it,” he told Buzzfeed News, “it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.” Richard uploaded the photo to Twitter, where it prompted a huge response. @online_shawn @catovitch I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine but the manager didn't think how tacky it is.— Andrew Baker (@andbaker) September 6, 2016 This is THE ultimate in brand 9/11 cash-in tackiness and nothing will ever ever ever top it https://t.co/3VWNTcKfmx— Natasha Daly (@natashaldaly) September 7, 2016 i mean actually this is the most american thing i have ever seen, and it makes me want to die slow and painful https://t.co/kzcLvnjFjh— debbie down n out (@_mxdean) September 7, 2016 As a person that lived in NY on 9/11, I have to say that this is about as tasteless as it gets. #Walmart #Coke pic.twitter.com/evWxMsjYyz— FTVLive (@FTVLive) September 8, 2016 A. Don't chase sales off of tragedy. It's tasteless. B. That much Coke Zero is over ordering. Hope they got a buy in https://t.co/Qv7KO4fGKe— Ron Russell (@cincofingers) September 8, 2016 Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson later told the Orlando Weekly that the 9/11 display was being taken down – adding that the Coca-Cola Company will usually approach the company with display ideas, and it’s up to Walmart to either approve or deny them. The 9/11 display had been approved. The Coca-Cola Company said in a statement: “This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization’s upcoming event. “We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display.”  This Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, in which 3,000 people lost their lives and thousands more were injured as terrorists targeted the twin towers of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. How the 9/11 terrorist attacks unfolded Play! 02:07 Last weekend two visitors to a fantasy and sci-fi convention in Atlanta, Georgia, sparked anger cosplay outfits that seemed to depict the attacks on the twin towers. So wrong & inappropriate! More than just a cosplay fail, it's foul. Cosplaying as the Twin Towers 9/11 = Disgusting pic.twitter.com/1dIphxArkX— Alex Matsuo (@alexmatsuo) September 5, 2016 The pair were dressed in matching cardboard skyscraper costumes, with crepe paper ‘flames’ at the top of each, and attached dolls ‘falling’ from buildings. They both wore Donald Trump campaign-style caps - albeit with the slogan ‘Make FishCenter Great Again,’ a reference to an Adult Swim comedy programme. Images of the duo were widely shared on social media and on Reddit, where they provoked angry responses. Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: Skyscrapers Trending Show more News latest 00:44 18 Nov 2016, 3:17pm Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt drives away without putting seatbelt on 18 Nov 2016, 3:17pm 'Who will treat the children if we're killed?' east Aleppo’s last three paediatricians ask after hospital bombings 18 Nov 2016, 3:15pm What is the Mannequin Challenge? 13 of the best videos you need to see  18 Nov 2016, 3:11pm Hero MP rescued colleague from drowning after he was afraid to admit he couldn't swim 01:01 18 Nov 2016, 3:08pm Holly Willoughby switches on London's Regent Street Christmas lights 18 Nov 2016, 2:58pm What is the Epiphany and when in 2017 is it? Here are 10 facts about the history and meaning of Three Kings Day 18 Nov 2016, 2:54pm Outrage in Tuscany after jockey in Siena's famous Palio horse race prosecuted for yanking a rival off his mount 01:38 18 Nov 2016, 2:45pm Cryo-preservation technology '20 years away' says UCL expert 18 Nov 2016, 2:45pm London theatre: the best plays and shows on now Premium 18 Nov 2016, 2:41pm Comment: Theresa May has a Trump card she can play in her Brexit talks Tom Harris Premium 18 Nov 2016, 2:31pm Revealed: What Obama told his children the morning after Trump's election victory 18 Nov 2016, 2:18pm Whisky group takes fight over minimum alcohol pricing to Supreme Court 18 Nov 2016, 2:12pm Three Mobile cyber hack: six million customers' private information at risk after employee login used to access database  01:07 18 Nov 2016, 2:09pm Comment: Theresa May's Brexit strategy is to become the Killer Queen – and it is working brilliantly  Fraser Nelson Premium 01:11 18 Nov 2016, 2:06pm Queen to remain in residence as Buckingham Palace gets £369m taxpayer-funded facelift to avert 'catastrophic building failure' 18 Nov 2016, 1:59pm Harslo the Dachshund: Clever canine with incredible balancing skills becomes internet star  18 Nov 2016, 1:51pm Strictly Come Dancing's Judge Rinder: Benedict Cumberbatch is helping me with my face  00:34 18 Nov 2016, 1:24pm Driver breaks up fight by sending man crashing through glass 00:35 18 Nov 2016, 1:20pm Traffic inspector clings to fleeing car for 1,000ft in Buenos Aires 18 Nov 2016, 1:16pm How to stay safe when snorkelling and diving 18 Nov 2016, 1:16pm Tory MP reveals Brexit death threats including Isil image of his teenage son being executed If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds MusicTV/MoviesMovie ListingsEventsDiningBest of Inland EmpireFestivalsCasinosPuzzlesBlogsTheaterBest of Inland EmpirePhotosArts and Galleries Sports Inland high school sports playoff schedule News Salton Sea wins $14 million grant to aid migratory birds News Aerial search launched for missing L.A. couple believed heading to the desert Sports Rams charge into Inglewood, break ground on $2.6 billion complex Entertainment How The Band Perry went from performing in a Wal-Mart to headlining arenas The Band Perry will perform at Morongo, Casino Resort & Spa on Friday, Sept. 16. Tweet    How The Band Perry went from performing in a Wal-Mart to headlining arenas Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 4 More Galleries     The Band Perry will perform at Morongo, Casino Resort & Spa on Friday, Sept. 16. COURTESY OF THE BAND PERRY Related article » More from this story SLIDE SHOW: How The Band Perry went from performing in a Wal-Mart to headlining arenas 4 Photos » Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By STEPHANIE SCHULTE / STAFF WRITER Published: Sept. 7, 2016 Updated: Sept. 9, 2016 6:12 p.m. IF YOU GO When: 9 p.m. Friday, Sept. 16. Where: Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa, 49500 Seminole Drive, Cabazon. Admission: $45-$65 Information: 951-849-3080, morongocasinoresort.com. 5 THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT THE BAND PERRY • The band performed for about five years before signing with a record label. • The trio's concert was in the lingerie department at a Wal-Mart in Alabama. • They wrote the title track off the 2013 album "Pioneer" in a clearing on a hillside in Santa Fe, N.M. • The Band Perry has performed at the Stagecoach Country Music Festival three times, most recently on Mane Stage earlier this year. • The siblings won a Grammy award in for their cover of Glen Campbell's "Gentle On My Mind." Before The Band Perry ever made music or toured the world, the trio of siblings were already “road dogs,” according to multi-instrumentalist Neil Perry. “We grew up traveling with our parents, going on vacations to different places and taking road trips,” Perry said in a recent phone interview before taking the stage at the 10th annual Academy of Country Music Honors show in Nashville. The group, which blurs the lines between country, pop and rock, will take the road show to Morongo, Casino Resort and Spa in Cabazon on Friday, Sept. 16. Neil is the youngest of the three, playing mandolin, drums, accordion and providing vocals alongside older brother Reid Perry, who plays bass and sings, and sister Kimberly Perry, who fronts the band and plays guitar and piano. They all grew up playing piano, but Neil Perry said none of them had visions of a career in the music industry until Kimberly Perry joined a band in high school. The brothers started tagging along and to help their older sister with gear, basically acting as roadies when she performed. “Eventually we were like, ‘Hey, you know, we would enjoy playing music too,’” he said. So, the two boys started their own band and began touring throughout the Southeastern U.S. opening up for their older sister’s act. “For a lot of reasons her band left and our band left and all that was left was the three of us,” Neil Perry said. “Our first concert was in the lingerie department of a Wal-Mart in Alabama. That was the mighty beginning of The Band Perry. ” The Band Perry’s self-titled debut album dropped in 2010 and spawned several hits including “If I Die Young,” “You Lie” and “All Your Life” while chart toppers off its sophomore effort featured “Better Dig Two,” “Done” and “Don’t Let Me Be Lonely.” Unlike some artists who start writing songs before performing, The Band Perry began by performing other people’s songs. The songwriting part came after they had crafted their stage presence. The band has gone from playing around Underoos to opening for stars such as Blake Shelton, Tim McGraw and Keith Urban before embarking on an arena headlining tour of their own. And they’ve delivered high-energy sets for tens of thousands of fans at the Mane Stage at the Stagecoach Country Music Festival in Indio this year and last. “We definitely critique ourselves,” Neil Perry said. “One of the biggest advantages our band has had in the performing world is we never quit pushing ourselves.” He said their father’s sage advice, “Time in the practice room shows; time not in the practice room shows,” has continued to stick with the trio, even though the siblings have notched multiple million-selling singles and the platinum debut album. “Looking back at home videos and footage of our first concerts, I really give a lot of kudos to our parents for encouraging us to keep going,” he said with a laugh. The group has finished recording songs for its third album, which doesn’t have an exact release date or title, but Neil Perry did offer up that themes of unity are woven throughout the new album. “We go through this life that we live together, “ Neil Perry said. “And we’ve gone through some big changes in the last few years.” Contact the writer: sschulte@scng.com or @stephreally on Twitter Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Inland Casinos Pala launches social casino app Comedians Jo Koy and Joel McHale head to Agua Caliente, Pechanga; Il Divo at Fantasy Springs How to get tickets for Stagecoach, Sting, Terry Fator and more COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
GoSearch Replay: Eye Opener CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener CW Express Yourself Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 58° 58° Low 41° High 63° Sat 37° 60° Sun 44° 65° Mon 59° 71° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Businesses Cause Outrage with 9/11 Inspired Ads Posted 10:10 pm, September 8, 2016, by Tony Lewis, Updated at 08:46am, September 9, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video PANAMA CITY BEACH, FL -- Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of the tragic attacks that took place on 9/11. While everyone has their own way of honoring the lives lost on that day there`s a couple of “tributes” that are causing quite the outrage. The first is this display found at a Panama City Beach, Florida Walmart where stacks of Coke Zero were used to represent the twin towers. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The sign above the display read "We will never forget", social media is making sure of that. One Twitter user nicknamed the advertisement “Ground Coke Zero” while another described the set-up as “gross”. A Walmart spokesman has stated that the display has now been taken down. Another company released a 9/11 inspired ad that`s sure to lead to many sleepless nights. Miracle mattress in San Antonio thought this building mattresses into two towers and then laughingly falling into them was a good idea. The store released an apology on Facebook saying in part “We are very sorry we have offended you...We are promoters of peace and love...Please accept our apology.” Based on all the angry responses to the apology it looks like that`s going to take a miracle. As we get closer to Sunday, memo to all advertisers: just leave 9/11 out of your marketing campaign. 30.176591 -85.805488 Related stories Mattress Company Releases Commercial for 9/11 Sale That Mimics Twin Towers Falling Florida Walmart’s 9/11 Coke Display Sparks Outrage Big Honor for Dallas Pilot Who Defended Skies During 9/11 Filed in: NewsFix Topics: 911, Miracle Mattress, Walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email How Do You Express Yourself? CW33 wants to tell your story! So click here and show us how you express yourself! Popular Dallas Church Welcomes LGBT Members, Loses Baptist Association Ties Team Arrow Faces Off With Prometheus And Gets Ready To Encounter The Vigilante, AKA Ski Goggles! Slain Dallas Officer’s Father Sues Black Lives Matter Humanizing Tomi Lahren: Popular Political Commentator Gets Personal With NewsFix Latest News Polar Bear Kills Sled Dog Where Heartwarming Video Was Shot Lisa Lynn Masters Suicide: Gossip Girl, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Actress Found Dead at 52 Man at Yellowstone Dies As Body Dissolves in Acidic Hot Pool TravelFix: Drew Sets Travel World Record! Watercooler Florida Walmart’s 9/11 Coke Display Sparks Outrage Watercooler Mattress Company Releases Commercial for 9/11 Sale That Mimics Twin Towers Falling Watercooler Ohio Mom Gives Birth in Walmart Checkout Line NewsFix DFW Light Installations That Will Blow Your Mind And Light Up Your World NewsFix Dear Seahawks: Dallas Police Officer Writes Open Letter to QB Watercooler Suspected Meth Lab Discovered Under Walmart Parking Lot NewsFix ‘Dear Drunk Driver’ – Mom Posts Outrage to Facebook After Beach Blunder Watercooler Walmart Unveils Black Friday 2016 Deals Watercooler Walmart Pulls ‘Suicide Scar’ Make-Up After Mental Health Outcry NewsFix Where Were you on 9/11? North Texas First Responders Remember Watercooler Texas Girl Begs for Mercy as Dad Drags Her by the Hair in Walmart National/World News Good Samaritan Wounded, Attacker Killed as Mother and Baby Rescued at Walmart NewsFix Finishing the Climb: Local First Responders Memorialize 9/11’s Fallen Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2016, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 73° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Trending News Local News U.S. and World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Tanger Outlet Mall opens today Woman struck by tires while loading groceries Search for missing Volusia teenager overnight Photos King of La Calle Car & Bike Show 2016 Graphic novel version of the Holy Bible Ripley's unveils wax figures of Trump © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File 9/11 Coke display at a Walmart sparks outrage for customers from @online_shawn on Twitter. Posted:Sep 08 2016 05:19PM EDT Updated:Sep 08 2016 06:24PM EDT Related Stories Tanger Outlet Mall opens today in Daytona Beach 13-year-old teen missing in Port Orange Woman struck by tires while loading groceries Ohio woman arrested after allegedly soliciting sex PANAMA CITY, FL - Some Walmart customers in Florida are upset over a Coca-Cola display that portrays stacks of soda cases depicting the World Trade Center towers that fell on 9/11 along with nearby buildings and an American Flag. Some noticed that the towers at Ground Zero were recreated with Coke Zero cases. One customer, Shawn Richard, snapped a photo of the display on Tuesday and posted it to his Twitter account with the comment "Florida c'mon man".     Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The Coca-Cola company has since replaced the display at the Panama City Walmart, and has issued the following statement to Mashable: "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display being assembled. It was removed from our Florida store Wednesday."   Copyright 2016 FOX 11 Los Angeles: Download our mobile app for breaking news alerts or to watch FOX 11 News | Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Be a citizen journalist for FOX 11 and get paid – download the Fresco News App today.     false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent 13-year-old teen missing in Port Orange Mom, daycare workers arrested over missing child Law enforcement fighting crime using social media 5 year anniversary Orlando mom's disappearance Authorities warn of counterfeit cash Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Trending Most Read Related 1 1 A Teacher’s Lesson On Internet Safety Turns Into A Photoshop Battle by Tod Perry 2 2 Kids Just Won The Right To Sue The Government For Global Warming  by Kate Ryan 3 3 Trying To Guess Which Twin Smokes Is The Perfect Way To Help You Quit by Penn Collins 4 4 White Supremacist Blogger Urges Followers To Wear New Balance Sneakers by Tod Perry 5 5 Saturn’s North Pole Just Changed Color And Nobody Knows Why by Kate Ryan 6 6 Ruth Bader Ginsburg Just Signaled Her Dissent Toward Trump With A Simple Fashion Statement by Alexander Besant 7 7 Twitter Celebrates Clinton’s First Post-Election Appearance As A Middle Finger To The Patriarchy by Tod Perry 8 8 There Are 3 Common Arguments For Keeping The Electoral College. Here’s Why They’re Wrong by Robert Speel 9 9 Five Steve Bannon Quotes That Should Disqualify Him As Trump’s Chief Strategist by Tod Perry Culture Walmart Managed To Offend Everyone With This 9/11 Soda Display by Eric Pfeiffer Share September 8, 2016 Share on Facebook Click me! Share on Twitter Click me! Copy Link The 9/11 display in this Florida Walmart has caused an uproar As if there was any doubt, trying to profit off of the worst terrorist attack in American history is not a good idea. The latest example comes to us from Walmart, with a 9/11 display that gets everything wrong. One of the megastore’s outlets in Florida somehow thought it would be a good idea to set up a Coke display using two columns of Coke Zero boxes to represent the Twin Towers. In the background are red, white and blue boxes of other Coke products (Coke, Diet Coke and Dasani bottled water) meant to look like the American flag. Above all of this is a sign that reads “We Will Never Forget.” With a photo showing the skyline over New York City. “We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god,” Richard Shawn, a Walmart customer who took picture, told BuzzFeed. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.” But after the reaction online, the person behind the Coke display is probably wishing that the world would immediately forget their misguided gesture. After all, even if it was done with the best of intentions, it comes across as a tacky, cash grab on the eve of a day that is remembered as one of the country’s greatest tragedies. The photo quickly went viral, with people chiming in on the incredibly poor taste on display: For it’s part, a Walmart spokesman told the Orlando Weekly that the display was quickly taken down in light of the online outrage. Spokesman Charles Crowson said Coke typically provides suggestions for product displays but that in this case, the display was approved by Walmart itself. Bottom line, when you’re remembering the 15th anniversary of 9/11 this week, let’s honor the victims and not try to make a quick buck. Recently on GOOD Psychologists Uncover New Productivity Hack: Chilling Out Research reveals that perfectionists are more anxious and depressed—and way less efficient Health Jordan E. Rosenfeld Native American Lacrosse Star Perfectly Explains The Problem With the Dakota Access Pipeline “You don’t care about the people and you’re doing this for the money” Sports Tosten Burks Trump’s Election Is Flooding Civil Liberties Groups With Donations Keep ‘em coming Communities James Poulos What We Can Learn From Small Gatherings That We Can’t From Big Protests Big changes start small  Communities Kate Ryan Here Is The Most Kick-Ass Way (Literally) To Fight Anxiety And Other Mental Health Disorders Martial arts aren’t just for your physical well-being Sports Chris Dart 15 Of The Funniest Obama And Biden Memes Being Shared Right Now Laugh it up while you can Culture Tod Perry Culture An 87 year-old Japanese Grandma Is Creating The Best Selfies You’ve Ever Seen With the sensibilities of 20-year-old daredevil, her photos walk the line between “absurd” and “awesome.”  by Penn Collins Communities Halima Aden Breaks Ground As First Somali-American To Compete For Miss Minnesota USA ‘You never see the beauty and the good things that come from Muslim women.”  by Tod Perry Issue 38 Feature Design Explore China’s Future In 5 Subway Stops This experimental megacity rose out of farmland in 1979. A few decades and 20 million residents later, is Shenzhen a success? by Adam Matthews Live Well. Do Good. Features Infographics Projects Issues Subscribe Menu 1 Million Humans can't be wrong. Like us on Facebook Twitter Is also an option, if you're into that The Daily GOOD Sign up to receive the best of GOOD delivered to your inbox each and every weekday Want to get out of town? We've partnered up with some friends to give you a chance to go anywhere. Click to win!… https://t.co/PECPKstxSd Share this Walmart Managed To Offend Everyone With This 9/11 Soda Display Recent Psychologists Uncover New Productivity Hack: Chilling Out about 5 hours ago Native American Lacrosse Star Perfectly Explains The Problem With the Dakota Access Pipeline about 15 hours ago Trump’s Election Is Flooding Civil Liberties Groups With Donations about 15 hours ago What We Can Learn From Small Gatherings That We Can’t From Big Protests about 16 hours ago Here Is The Most Kick-Ass Way (Literally) To Fight Anxiety And Other Mental Health Disorders about 17 hours ago 15 Of The Funniest Obama And Biden Memes Being Shared Right Now about 17 hours ago An 87 year-old Japanese Grandma Is Creating The Best Selfies You’ve Ever Seen about 19 hours ago Halima Aden Breaks Ground As First Somali-American To Compete For Miss Minnesota USA about 19 hours ago Explore China’s Future In 5 Subway Stops about 19 hours ago Twitter Celebrates Clinton’s First Post-Election Appearance As A Middle Finger To The Patriarchy about 20 hours ago This Oklahoma Football Player Grabs A Megaphone To Shut Down Hate Speech On Campus about 20 hours ago The Real Reason Electoral College Reform Is Coming about 21 hours ago Features Infographics Projects The GOOD 100 Meet the remarkable individuals tackling pressing global issues today. The GOOD Guide to Recycling The objects we discard aren’t trash. They’re a resource. The Local Globalists Meet 17 innovators who are changing our future for the better. Project Literacy Building partnerships for a more literate future. Issues Subscribe Newsletter About Advertise Contact FAQ Newsletter Subscribe Terms Privacy Careers ©2016 GOOD Worldwide Inc Never miss another GOOD thing. Like us on Facebook. We just wanted to let you know... our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message! Our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message!
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Increases Chip and Component Orders for Apple Watch Series 2 | Main | Apple Reinvents the Watch Band with Auto Adjustment+ » September 09, 2016 Samsung's Exploding Galaxy Note 7 Nightmare Worsens   Samsung officially announced their Galaxy Note 7 worldwide recall a week ago today. Since that time, Samsung has been unable to stop the domino effect that's now in play, especially after admitting that they were dropping the use of batteries from their own SDI divison which makes the profit loss much deeper. The domino effect or 'contagion effect' will hurt their supply chain. On Monday we also pointed out that Hanjin shipping went bankrupt and that's who Samsung uses to ship to large customers like Walmart and Target stores. Yesterday Samsung sought a court order to remove their goods from Hanjin vessels because the quagmire that Hanjin's bankruptcy has caused Samsung and others is mind boggling and ongoing. But Samsung's woes have gotten even crazier in the last 24 hours.   It's being reported today that the Federal Aviation Administration has issued a warning about the Galaxy Note 7, as follows:   "In light of recent incidents and concerns raised by Samsung about its Galaxy Note 7 devices, the Federal Aviation Administration strongly advises passengers not to turn on or charge these devices on board aircraft and not to stow them in any checked baggage."   While it's not an official ban yet, the Wall Street Journal notes that "Identifying a specific brand or model as a potential hazard is a highly unusual move for the FAA." One report goes as far as saying that the FAA is actually considering a ban.   A new report from the Korea Herald today states that "The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport said that it has been reviewing whether to prevent people from carrying the devices onto planes over concerns they could pose a risk to the operation of flights," as the FAA's position.   But in Australia it's a different matter altogether. It's being reported that "three Australian airlines went ahead and banned the operation and charging of Samsung's $800 waterproof phone-tablet on all Quantas, Jetstar and Virgin Australia flights.   The airlines were not directed to do so by government officials, but rather took the decision on their own after Samsung Australia – one of 10 recall markets – halted sales and began exchanging existing models.   But wait, the news gets even crazier. This morning, USA Today reports that "Florida resident Nathan Dornacher reported that his Jeep caught fire as he was charging his Samsung smartphone. His Facebook post showed pictures of the SUV in flames and what looked like the charred remains of a cellphone."   This has been a nightmare week for Samsung and it's hard to believe it could get any worse for them than it is today. But you never know, we'll see what next week brings our way because as the saying goes: when it rains it pours.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on September 09, 2016 at 05:48 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Great Mills Woman Arrested for Tresspassing at California Walmart September 7, 2016 Tammy Alene Ross, 55, of Great Mills On Friday, August 26, 2016, Trooper Opirhory from the Maryland State Police Leonardtown Barrack responded to the Wal-Mart in California for a reported trespassing. An investigation revealed that Tammy Alene Ross, 55, of Great Mills, had trespassed on the property after receiving a court-ordered notice not to trespass. Ross was placed under arrest and transported to the St. Mary’s County Detention Center, where she was held pending a bond review with the District Court Commissioner. Tammy Alene Ross, 55, of Great Mills Tammy Alene Ross, 55, of Great Mills   This entry was posted on September 7, 2016 at 7:29 am and is filed under All News, County, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, Top News, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 11 Responses to Great Mills Woman Arrested for Tresspassing at California Walmart Anonymous on September 7, 2016 at 8:51 am You have hit rock bottom if you get yourself banned from Walmart. Maybe she should move to a different state and start over. Truth Hurts on September 7, 2016 at 10:34 am Damn, that’s a hard 55 she looks 75. Tammy you know your a$$ can’t go to Wal-Mart. Big Dookie on September 7, 2016 at 10:39 am so I guess this is not a free country after all? arrested for minding her own business in a public place? Anonymous on September 8, 2016 at 8:32 pm You sir, are an idiot. Nbp on September 7, 2016 at 11:24 am What do you have to have done for WalMart to file a no trespassing order against you? Anonymous on September 7, 2016 at 3:41 pm Grandma jus wants to be a greeter Anonymous on September 7, 2016 at 3:59 pm Wow. 55 and Banned from Walmart. That is a low mark. JOSH FURY on September 8, 2016 at 12:12 am mom? Farmz on September 8, 2016 at 2:29 am So the stereotype continues Anonymous on September 8, 2016 at 11:28 am Her face looks like uncooked pizza dough. Spread some crushed tomatoes on her face and sprinkle mozzarella on top. JH on September 10, 2016 at 4:36 pm She always has like shopping at Walmart Southern Maryland Weather 53° clear sky humidity: 58% wind: 5mph NW H 77 • L 44 61° Sat 44° Sun 47° Mon 48° Tue 60° Wed extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives November 2016 (144) October 2016 (320) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (276) July 2016 (241) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (373) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (297) December 2015 (300) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (265) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (595) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Remembering 9/11: People share their harrowing memories of September 11th 2001 Tanveer Mann for Metro.co.ukSunday 11 Sep 2016 12:01 am The New York skyline engulfed in smoke after hijacked planes crashed into the Twin Towers on September 11, 2001 (Picture: Getty Images) Where were you and what were you doing on September 11, 2001? If someone asked you that, you would probably be able to tell them exactly how that fateful day panned out. The 9/11 kids who never knew their dads Because 15 years ago today, our world changed forever when two planes crashed into the Twin Towers and another into the Pentagon. The attacks, that killed 2,997 people and injured more than 6,000 others, are considered to be the worst terrorist attack in American history. We asked people to share their memories of that day and the moment they found out. Saurav Dutt, 34, from London (Picture: Saurav Dutt) ‘I was at Brent Cross shopping centre when I found out. I remember getting ready to leave when I saw a lot of people crowding around a TV in Dixons. It was almost like I was watching a movie. It took a few moments to put the pieces together and realise it was live, which made it even more surreal. As it unfolded, I couldn’t bring myself to watch the coverage as it was really hard for me to detach emotion from fact. But you could feel it in the air, the world was about to change. The attacks led me to become more politically aware as I wanted to find out why it happened. It totally changed my political outlook. I stayed at home most of the next day but the one time I did venture out was to go to the gym. That’s when I had racist comments made to me in my own area. I heard someone muttering: ‘Don’t you feel any shame?’ but I couldn’t do anything. All you could do is be as numb as everyone else.’ MORE: Mattress company apologies for offensive 9/11 ‘Twin Towers’ advert (Picture: Carmen Taylor/WireImage) Chistina Tweedle, 39, from Cumbria ‘I was sitting in the living room with the little boy I babysat. We’d just finished breakfast and the news was on for back ground noise. We were colouring in when I glanced up and saw an image of the second tower being hit. I remember having to hold back tears as I heard what had happened as I didn’t want to upset the little boy. He looked at the news but thought it was a film.’ Raisa Smoot, 28, from Los Angeles (Picture: Raisa Smoot) ‘On September 11th, 2001, I was an 8th grader at Greenbelt Middle school in Greenbelt. I was in a Code of Conduct Assembly when our 8th grade administrator suddenly interrupted everything and shoved a fat TV in front of us. We then watched a plane fly into the 2nd building. On live TV. It was the craziest thing I’ve ever seen as a 13-year-old. I think that’s when I realised how bad the world really could be. ‘Not to mention being super freaked out because in Washington DC, almost everyone works in the government…including my mom. ‘My mom worked at the Pentagon but was unharmed. She lost lots of friends though. It was a sad day. Here I am at 28. Remembering like it was yesterday.’ MORE: Wal-Mart removes Coke can display stacked like Twin Towers ahead of 9/11 (Picture: Rex) Stephen Dickens, 34, from Nottingham ‘I was 19, working for an insurance company in London when I found out. Someone said to me, “Steve, something’s kinda happening in the States”. I didn’t even look up. “Ok, what? I only work PI with them.” He replied, “NO!! JUST LOOK”. ‘I went out to the crowd that were already staring at the TV. I looked at them first. I still didn’t get it. Then I looked up at the screen. The rest is kinda blurry. ‘I don’t know if it was a repeat of the first plane hitting or the second I saw first or the whole thing could have been repeats. We were all sent home, evacuated from the square mile is probably more accurate, like I said. Blurry. I think the Wharf was the main concern. ‘I lived on Drury Lane at the time. I walked home. I think because I lived so close I was advised not to use the tube by my boss. I don’t remember much panic from my office. Just shock. I just got myself home. Fast. ‘I didn’t have a TV, so I hammered on my mates door who lived in the same block. Then we just kinda sat there stupefied and watched as the rest unfolded.’ Lisa Amaya, 34, from Texas (Picture: Lisa Amaya) ‘I was a college student at New Mexico State at the time. My alarm clock woke me up at around 7am for class. The first plane had just struck when the clock radio turned on. ‘I couldn’t believe it so I turned on the TV to see what was happening. I was completely shocked when I saw the footage! My classes were then canceled. I was supposed to celebrate my 20th birthday with friends and family. ‘Instead, I spent my 20th birthday watching the coverage on TV. I wasn’t in the mood for cake, much less celebrating. I can’t believe it’s already been 15 years.’ MORE: When is Eid ul Adha? Greater Eid will NOT coincide with 9/11 terror attacks anniversary (Picture: Rex) Pinda Aujla, 34, from Derby ‘I remember that day very clearly, I had just come back from University and my mum was watching BBC. ‘What we were seeing on the TV was unbelievable, then a few moments later we saw the second plane crash into the other tower and that’s when our faces dropped. We couldn’t believe what we were seeing, ‘I had to translate to my mum to explain but I didn’t fully understand myself what was happening. To see so much carnage and devastation right in front of me was shocking. ‘Slowly more and more information came out, who was responsible & how many innocent lives had been lost. I still remember watching it unfold like it was yesterday. ‘The few weeks after I experienced bigotry & rudeness due to the colour of my skin, as a proud British Sikh, certain members of the public we’re looking at me, as if to point the blame my way. ‘I’ll never forget that day, and still to this day my heart goes to all the innocent lives taken & also the lives taken in that war which followed after.’ MORE: Saudi government linked to 9/11 hijackers in secret US report Hugh McGivern, 51, from Glasgow (Picture: Hugh McGivern) ‘I remember the day well as it was my first day in a new job as Chef to the Chairman of ICI. The following day was just as memorable as I had a pre-existing meeting at the American Embassy in London for the Head Chefs position. ‘It was eerily upsetting with staff wandering aimlessly throughout the building. I stuck to the ICI job. A very surreal couple of days that we should never forget.’ (Picture: Getty) Megan D'Arcy, 28, from London ‘I remember coming home from school and finding my mum sitting on the sofa watching TV (which is just completely out of character). She said, “come here” and I went and sat with her and we cried as we watched the news. ‘I was 13 and it was the first time I properly watched the news and understood that terrible things can happen in the world. It made me feel small, scared and horribly grown up.’ Hazel Winters, 36, from Hertfordshire ‘I was working at a zoo in Hertfordshire and was sitting on the railings on a roundabout I was giving rides on. A woman was on the phone to someone and said “They just flew the plane into it?”. ‘I had no idea what she was talking about until I went for a break and the TV was on in the staff room. We all stayed and watched it for an hour or so. The world felt very strange for a couple of days afterwards.’ MORE: Fugitive claims he has proof US government knew about 9/11 Lucy Darbyshire, 28, from Preston (Picture: Lucy Darbyshire) ‘I was in my third year of high school and remember this day so vividly because of how normal a day it was. It had been a warm day at school and the ride on the school bus home had been almost unbearable because of the weather. ‘Walking into my street with my younger sister, we first realised something was very wrong because our mum was stood in the porch waiting for us – something she never did so we instantly assumed someone was in hospital or worse. ‘When she opened the door she said ‘just go and watch the telly, girls’ which again was strange. ‘Sitting down, BBC News were just replaying the moment of impact on the first tower. At thirteen, I remember asking ‘what film is this?’ Mum shook her head and said ‘no, it’s real, love. Someone’s flown a plane into the tower’. ‘As we watched, the level of surrealism intensified. I remember not being able to recall a time when the entire street were all gathered in one place and it got to the point where the plumbers at the house next door even stopped what they were doing and had piled in to our living room to watch – all open mouthed, wide-eyed, and silent. ‘Then I remember the plumber shouting “Jesus Christ! It going! It’s going!” and as we looked, we watched the first tower falling. I don’t think anybody expected them to fall. I think that was the worst thing. ‘My sister and I both recall crying for the first time at the news. This was new for us. We always have the news on in our house but at 13 and 11, this was a defining moment. ‘Later, my Dad explained to me that much like I was obsessing over the Titanic at the time (we’d done a project at school and I was hooked) I’d always remember this particular day as the biggest disaster of my lifetime up until that point. And he was right.’ Richard Smith, 37, from Bradford (Picture: Richard Smith) ‘When this tragic day started I was on a break at work, I had called my wife at home as I did everyday and events unfolded on the TV in front of her and she was relaying it back to me. ‘Once I was off the telephone, I went back inside where most of the staff were huddled round the only TV in the building watching the pictures staring in disbelief. ‘No-one could quite believe what was happening, the phones were pretty much silent for the rest of the day with only the odd customer in touch who hadn’t seen the news or had a deadline to finish. ‘That evening all we could do was watch the news, transfixed by the entire situation.’ MORE: Blind mystic who predicted 9/11, the Boxing Day tsunami and Isis ‘also foresaw Brexit’ (Picture: Getty Images) Eleanor Summerfield, 26, from Derby ‘I was 11 and still in school when I found out. I remember it was a Tuesday afternoon and had drama class as my last period. ‘I remember pretty much everything about that day even the weather, it was a sunny afternoon when I was walking home. I got home and my parents had something on the news on the CNN channel. ‘Fifteen years on and we still talk about it like it has just happened.’ (Picture: Getty Images) More Teenage cancer patient, 14, becomes first Brit to be cryogenically frozen Teacher who got pregnant after sex with pupil, 13, faces 30 years in jail Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es Royal family funding to almost double to cover £369m Buckingham palace repair bill Scottish and Welsh governments allowed to intervene in Brexit process, rules Supreme Court Review of law on rape cases launched following Ched Evans retrial Comments What's trending nowMore trending stories » Dentist drops 3cm-long file down patient's throat during root canal surgery Calls for DNA test after woman finds concerning 'meat' in her soup Woman 'admits to killing her two children after husband files for divorce' Woman, 27, who had sex with dog must await sentencing behind bars Teacher who got pregnant after sex with pupil, 13, faces 30 years in jailMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Activist speaks out before Zimbabwe anti-government protest Italian medics jailed after abandoning mentally ill patient Thieving crabs try to steal camera from backpacker Child rapist forced daughter to have sex with him for cashMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: UK Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Why satellite imaging is the next big thing Newsweek 9/9/2016 Grant Burningham Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Satellite Imaging Is Using Data To Prevent Climate Change And May Be Even War Newsweek See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT When people say knowledge is power, they usually mean “money.” Even the great scientist and innovator Galileo Galilei knew that. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.77 -0.42 -0.61% DigitalGlobe Inc DGI ▲ 32.25 +0.15 +0.47% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 110.07 +0.12 +0.10% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 761.24 +4.84 +0.64% In 1609, Galileo wowed Venice’s big cheeses by letting them use his telescope to see ships way out at sea, a good two hours before their owners would see them enter the port. The Venetians were impressed (they doubled Galileo’s salary and gave him lifetime tenure at the University of Padua) because they immediately saw the huge financial and military advantages offered by this visionary device. A few hundred years later, we are on the cusp of an equally radical transformation in how information is gathered, analyzed and monetized. And if we pay attention, we might even save the planet. The number of satellites orbiting Earth increased 40 percent in just the past five years, and those hunks of metal are snapping pictures at a mind-blowing rate. This explosion of images isn’t just the National Security Agency feverishly peeking into your bedroom and laptop; it’s a revolution that’s going to radically change how we respond to environmental disasters and run our farms. It’s also going to upend the stock market, because it’s turning the whole world into usable data, giving us a precise count of oil tankers in all the world’s ports and how many cars are in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Know that, and you can—like Galileo’s Venetian pals—make some very lucrative investments. That’s why dozens of companies are racing to get into orbit. Seattle-based BlackSky Global is planning to launch six spacecraft; Terra Bella, a Google-Alphabet subsidiary, has two satellites in orbit and promises video that can “see objects up to the size of a car,” while Spire owns 10 orbiting satellites and plans to take millions of pictures of the world’s oceans. These and other upstarts are chasing imaging giants like DigitalGlobe, Airbus and Rapid Eye, who have hundreds of millions of dollars of hardware floating miles above our heads. But no one has launched as fast and as often as Planet, a startup running out of an old gray warehouse in San Francisco’s Mission District. In a neighborhood filled mostly with vintage furniture stores, hip restaurants and coffee shops, Planet has 62 satellites in orbit, the world’s largest private collection, and by the end of the year it will have 100, enough that every nook, cranny and keyhole on Earth will get its own medium-resolution photo every single day. This avalanche of images will create an unprecedented database of the entire planet, one that can be used to stop forest fires and maybe even wars. < PREVIOUS SLIDESLIDE 1 of 8NEXT SLIDE > Daily photos covering the entire world could keep better track of wildfires, such as this one in Southern California photographed by a NASA satellite in 2007. (NASA) © Provided by IBT Media What Hath Smartphone Wrought? Nothing about launching a satellite is cheap or easy, but what if you could just hurl your iPhone into orbit? In 2010, two NASA Ames Research Center engineers, Will Marshall and Chris Boshuizen, basically did just that. They realized that the power of the phones in their pockets far outstripped anything in orbit in terms of computing power, and the tech underneath that glass screen has a lot of overlap with the nuts and bolts of most satellites. “You have to have power, batteries, GPS, a transmitter,” says Marshall, “all that was missing were solar panels to keep them charged and a system to orient it in space.” The duo went to Nevada’s Black Rock Desert and strapped a few smartphones onto amateur rockets to see if they could handle the g-force and vibrations of a launch. This seat-of-the-pants test wasn’t NASA-approved—“We hadn't really told anyone what we were doing,” Marshall says—but it was a success. The phones were able to handle the vibrations of a launch and the vacuum of space, so the engineers convinced NASA to try a bigger test. By late 2013, the agency was officially on board, putting them in charge of a mission to launch three modified Google Nexus 1 phones on a rocket to the International Space Station, where they were dropped into orbit. The phones flew around the globe, happily chirping back photos to be collected by amateur radio operators down on Earth. The final cost: just $3,500. The three tiny spaceships used for that mission—nicknamed Alexander, Graham and Bell—took very low-resolution, almost useless, images. But Boshuizen and Marshall, now working with NASA engineer Robbie Schingler, saw a huge opportunity: They wanted to make a space company (Planet) that moved like a tech company, upgrading its electronics constantly, like Apple does with the iPhone. Instead of planning a mission years out, as NASA does, Planet started building and launching cheap and fast—and just kept upgrading. Even after all their upgrades, Planet’s pictures won’t be the best on the market for resolution. You can see buildings, but details like cars are harder to make out. The stunning images available on Google Maps, for example, are much clearer, but that higher resolution requires bigger satellites, some the size of a bedroom, with lenses that have to be carefully aimed. That means they can only image a tiny part of the planet in a day. Planet doesn’t want to compete with these high-end images—it’s going for quantity. It just wants to slap a 3-foot telescope, some electric motors and solar panels to phone parts. Its satellites are cheap and small enough to cram into a nook on a rocket, allowing them to hitch on bigger space cargo trips, further reducing costs. The picture is just decent, but each photo-snapping satellite is so inexpensive that the company can line them up like pearls on a string high in the sky, running from the North Pole to South Pole, and create an extraordinarily rich database that will reveal how the Earth changes. Of course, those millions of images will be little more than a curiosity unless there’s a way to turn them into usable data. Not that long ago, getting a computer to recognize an image—a simple task for humans: Which of these 10 photos is one of Mom?—required supercomputers and algorithms written by entire university computer science departments, and even then the results were pretty fuzzy. Planet was lucky—it came along at just the right time to harness the power of one of the hottest fields in computer science: machine learning. Scientist have made huge gains with computers that act more like your brain—turn those computers loose on massive amounts of data, and they “learn” how to solve problems on their own. In 2012, Google coupled a neural network with a massive database built out of YouTube videos. Because it was YouTube, the computer eventually got pretty good at recognizing cats. Since then, machine learning has popped up in a lot of places online—it’s what lets Facebook match your friends to their faces when you upload photos, for instance. Computers have always been able to do things with numbers that humans never could; now they can do the same thing with images. That means you can point a computer to something in Planet’s archive of photos, like a baseball field, and then tell it to find and count every one on Earth. You could do the same for airfields in Europe or chemical plants in Africa. Planet could, according to one analyst, provide a daily count of every tree on the planet. Of course, there’s not a lot of money to be made counting trees—but somebody could get stupid-rich counting barrels of oil. Governments and commodity traders spend billions of dollars every year trying to get a handle on the oil industry, but the market is so wild that experts have called it broken or even rigged. Satellites offer a solution, because most oil is stored in giant cylinders. To keep explosive gas from building up in these big tanks, the lids float atop the oil, rising and falling as they get filled and emptied. Position a camera directly above one of those tanks, create a time-lapse video, you’d see a crescent shadow that would get slightly larger as the tank drained and the lid sank. A math whiz (or a computer) can then calculate how much oil is in that tank based on the time of day, the tank’s diameter and its shadows. It’s a neat trick people have been using for years—with the help of helicopter photos—to game the oil market. But with Planet’s images and machine learning, anyone could figure out how much oil is being stored all over the world (and place million-dollar bets accordingly). You could do the same with the number of shipping containers entering Seattle, or trucks parked at every manufacturing plant in China—data that could predict where key markets are headed. At least, that’s Orbital Insight’s business model. It is based on a quiet street that might house a tax preparer in most of the country, but in Palo Alto, California, it’s home to another space startup looking to change the world. Inside a nondescript, two-story office building, Orbital Insight’s founder, James Crawford—who worked in artificial intelligence and, with Google Books, helped digitize every page of every book in the world—calls up a graph that shows how many cars were spotted in all the parking lots of a major American clothing retailer (that he preferred not be named here) and the company’s income over the past five years. The two lines move in tandem through spikes and dips. In the latest quarter—a period for which the company has yet to report earnings—the cars-in-the-lot count looks pretty good. “We’re showing [the clothing retailer] slightly up,” Crawford says, “which is interesting because the market is showing them down.” You can almost hear a broker shouting, “Buy!” Tractors in Outer Space Most of Orbital Insight’s customers now are in finance, but the imagery revolution could have an even bigger impact in agriculture and, strangely, the quest for world peace. The U.S. Department of Agriculture has an annual budget of $180 million for data-crunching our food supplies, as well as a pretty good track record without using satellites: Its predictions on output are normally off by just 4 percent. But Descartes Labs, a satellite image analysis company, believes it has a new tool that can beat that. Most chlorophyll-filled plants, as you may remember from junior high biology, absorb the full spectrum of light except green, which gives them their tint. Chlorophyll also reflects near-infrared light, which is just outside the visible spectrum for humans, but by looking at infrared in a photo, you can get a pretty good look at the density of chlorophyll—high density is a sign of good plant health. Descartes can use chlorophyll density images, taken by satellites, to predict agricultural output. According to CEO Mark Johnson, the Descartes algorithm’s prediction of corn output was off by just 2.5 percent for the last 10 years. That may seem like news fit for Page 24 of a sleepy commodity markets publication, but poor food production predictions can lead to armed confrontations on a street near you. Wheat prices, for instance, spiked right before the Arab Spring, and a drought has been cited as one of causes of the French Revolution. “If you look at [the emergence of] Boko Haram and even ISIS, both were preceded by food shortages,” Johnson says. Descartes plans to move beyond corn to other crops and beyond the U.S. to make international estimates as well. But to do that, it needs images with a much higher resolution than what’s being shot now over rural areas. “Understanding activity in a field, differentiating between different types of crops—you can’t do that at low resolution,” Johnson says. That’s why Descartes is starting to use Planet’s images. Other companies are using satellites to maximize output on individual farms. For years, growers have tried to farm efficiently by applying different amounts of fertilizer to different parts of their land, depending on the soil type. That meant they had to divide the farm into a giant grid and test the soil type of each square. But with satellite images, a lot of that can be automated. A Canadian company called Farmers Edge can take the satellite image, run it through an algorithm and quickly figure out the soil makeup of each part of the field. The company sends signals directly to tractors that automatically apply the right type of fertilizer for each area. The process could save farmers money and get them to use less fertilizer, which will curb the runoff of nitrate into rivers. Cutting pollution is just one social benefit satellites will bring. “We finally have the tech to understand the planet as a living organism,” Johnson says. He sees Descartes’s mission as a “living analysis of the world, where we understand the resources we mine, grow and take out of the ground, and watch how we humans use them.” Execution by Anti-Aircraft Gun For most of history, humans had never seen a full picture of Earth. In the 1960s, as the space race heated up, a portrait that showed the whole planet became something of a holy grail. Former Merry Prankster and Whole Earth Catalog founder Stewart Brand started lobbying NASA to release an image of the planet in 1966. When the Apollo 17 crew returned with the Blue Marble image on December 7, 1972, Brand slapped it on the cover of his magazine and expected human consciousness to blossom. It did, sort of: There was something about seeing ourselves suspended in the blackness of space. Having a picture of our planet that changes with time could fundamentally alter how we think about ourselves and our environment. And it could change how we act, and react to disasters. On April 14, 2016, just weeks away from the presidential election of Peru, the front page of the most influential newspaper in the country ran two images taken by DigitalGlobe. The first, from November 2015, showed the rainforest verdant and full, broken only by a muddy lake. The second was taken in April 2016 and showed the same stretch of forest torn open, the lake bigger and, most critically, man-made structures spreading like the tendrils of a tumor. It was proof of “deforestation caused by gold seekers in the Tambopata Reserve,” the front page read. The photos sparked a national debate about illegal mining in the jungle that became a large part of the presidential election. Those images were discovered and released by the Amazon Conservation Association, a group with people on the ground in parts of the Andean Amazon disappearing the fastest, as well as a team of satellite analysts working in Washington, D.C. Matt Fine, a research specialist with the ACA, gets alerts from a University of Maryland program that automatically scans the forest and flags new signs of deforestation using NASA’s Landsat images. The two Landsat spacecraft take pictures of the whole planet, but the photos are low-resolution and updated only every 16 days. “You can confirm or deny deforestation is happening, but you can't see the forest,” Finer says. “It doesn’t really pull at your heartstrings too much.” But once he gets a Landsat image alert, Finer can track down better and more up-to-date images from Planet that show changes almost as they happen, and at a resolution where the changes in the twists of a river, for instance, are visible. It used to take months to find a story of environmental degradation; it now takes days, and activists can rally policymakers and voters in time to make a difference. Other companies are using satellite images to protect cultural landmarks or hapless citizens under the boot of a demonic despot. AllSource Analysis, based in Longmont, Colorado, uses the photos to tell stories about “places that are too hard, too dangerous or too remote to travel to,” for governments, nongovernmental organizations and commercial groups, according to Stephen Wood, the company’s CEO. For example, AllSource tracked the destruction of Iraq’s oldest Christian monastery by the Islamic State group (ISIS) and saw North Korea using anti-aircraft guns in executions. When a tsunami smashed into Japan in 2011, the AllSource team stayed up through the night to aid search-and-rescue efforts and then monitored a full-on nuclear meltdown at a huge power plant. “We were watching Fukushima as it was going through these changes, including blowing up a few times, and we’re one of the few people in the world seeing this,” Wood says. “We would see these villages, beautiful fishing villages, right after the tsunami had come through…just complete and utter devastation.” Planet’s Marshall says they were able to find an entire village that had vanished in a mudslide after Nepal’s quake in 2015. No one would have known to send help if someone hadn’t compared before and after images. Search-and-rescue missions and rapid disaster response are two areas where a regularly updated visual database of the full planet can save lives and even the planet. Black Boxes and John Prine It’s hard not to bang your head on low-hanging puns at Planet’s headquarters—work jargon like space and launch have much bigger import here. The employees make the most of the fact that they all work “in” space—they refer to themselves as “planeteers” and celebrate “flight-suit Friday’s.” (The flight suits aren’t company-issue, but there are quite a few to pick from on Etsy, an employee tells me.) At first glance, it looks like the office of a generic tech company—there’s a giant rack of bikes, a tasteful cafeteria with exposed brick, fridges stocked with coconut water, a sound system playing John Prine and the Kinks. It moves like a tech company too. Planet created 13 versions of its satellites in just over three years, a rate of iteration even Steve Jobs would have envied. But there are plenty of signs that Planet is working on something bigger than an Uber for ice cream. Just off the cafeteria is a door leading to its clean room, where engineers are assembling the delicate electronic innards for the company’s main product: satellites. A left turn brings you to a padded black box, an “anechoic chamber” that blocks radio signals so engineers can test radios without interference from cellphones or TV stations. Upstairs are rows of desks and blackboards scribbled with what looks to me like some dauntingly serious math. There’s also a giant wall of screens—kind of like what you see in photos of NASA’s command and control center—that tracks the movement of each of the company’s satellites, tracing parabolas over the planet, constantly snapping photos as they go. They’ve launched enough satellites that they’re beyond champagne celebrations. Eight went up in the week before my visit in early summer. Each Planet satellite is a work of art, in part because an artist adds swirling designs and a touch of individuality to each. But the extra care doesn’t mean they’re going to last. All orbiting satellites are always falling, losing a tiny amount of speed and altitude with each trip around Earth. Bigger, more expensive satellites push themselves back up with small thrusters, but Planet allows its satellites to drop. After about two years of going around and around, they re-enter the atmosphere and briefly turn into a shooting star as they burn up. Planet has launched 133, and 51 are still operational. I’m not good at math, but I know that’s a lot of shooting stars. Counting trees or even oil tanks doesn’t sound sexy, and it may not even be important if you’re not an investor or a tree hugger, but this technology is going to snake into every byway and back alley on Earth, and show us things we want to see, along with many things we didn’t know we needed to see. Back at that big wall of monitors, a “planeteer” pulls up an image from Aleppo, Syria. It’s not supercrisp, like what you get from Google Earth, but I can make out what’s going on down there—I can see berms being built. Someone explains to me that people are frantically digging earthen barriers to protect their homes and their families from suicide car bombers. And I suddenly feel horror, fear and guilt. It’s a tiny detail from a vast panoply of human endeavors, one that the curve of the Earth normally obscures from us, but for a minute it makes that war on the other side of the planet feel a little closer and stopping it a lot more urgent. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Newsweek Teachers Shouldn't Fear Robots Taking Over Their Jobs Newsweek Scotland and Wales Can Intervene in Brexit Case Newsweek What Medieval Women Teach Us About the Glass Ceiling Newsweek Jeff Sessions Offered Attorney General Post Newsweek Newsweek View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 64° 64° Low 49° High 78° Sat 44° 56° Sun 32° 54° Mon 29° 62° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Man arrested after allegedly attempting to take pictures up a young girl’s skirt at Huntsville Walmart Posted 12:45 pm, September 10, 2016, by Jessica Grotjahn Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Image courtesy of the Huntsville Police Department × Man arrested after allegedly attempting to take pictures up a young girl’s skirt at Huntsville Walmart Image courtesy of the Huntsville Police Department HUNTSVILLE, Ala. – Huntsville police made an arrest Wednesday after a man allegedly attempted to take pictures up a young girl’s dress in the checkout line at Walmart off of South Memorial Parkway and Hobbs Road. Police say Cruz Rodriguez is charged with production of pornography with minors and aggravated criminal surveillance. Cruz is being held in the Madison County Jail without bond. Few details surrounding this case have been released due to the victims age, according to police.   Filed in: Huntsville Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Roaches and rats are both on this week’s Restaurant Ratings report COURTROOM BLOG: Judge sentences former sheriff’s deputy to 36 months in prison Bibb County sheriff found dead inside his office Kayleigh McClendon, 7-year-old from Hartselle, finishes fight with deadly brain disease Latest News Washington Street shut down due to traffic accident CBS: Donald Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Madison City Schools to officially begin search for new superintendent Golfers speak at City Council in support of keeping the municipal course open News Facebook photos of man allegedly dragging girl through Walmart by her hair spark investigation News Stranger chokes 4-month-old baby in Walmart checkout lane, police say News Man allegedly posed as woman on Facebook to solicit teens for sex News Heartbreaking surveillance video shows child left overnight in the cold News Video shows Maryland police pepper-spraying 15-year-old girl after bicycle accident News Couple allegedly zip-tied 4-year-old, beat her, made her believe her name is ‘idiot’ Huntsville Man hit by car while mowing lawn Huntsville UPDATE: Huntsville School Board accepts resignation of teacher arrested for allegedly sending nude photo to teen student Huntsville News Huntsville Police Chief lays out thoughts on releasing police shooting video, officer names Huntsville Huntsville Police looking for armed & dangerous man after fatal shooting at Morland Pointe Huntsville Investigation underway after overnight shooting at Huntsville apartment complex News Good Samaritan saves 3-year-old after catching man raping her in garage, police say News 4-year-old critically injured while trying to cross Huntsville street Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SILive.com Menu Home News N.Y. Wheel & Empire Outlets Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate For Rent Classifieds Coupons & Deals Local Businesses Celebrations Photos/Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Obituary round-ups Weather Crime Business Education Politics Transportation East Shore North Shore South Shore West Shore Photos/Videos Civic Group Reports About Us Back to Main Menu SILive.com Photos Seen on Staten Island Share Photos Community Photos SILive.com Videos Share Videos Community Videos Back to Main Menu SI Guide Newsletters Contact Us iPhone, Android and Tablet Apps Reprints News Archive Back to Main Menu Editorials Columns Letters to the Editor Tom Wrobleski Rachel Shapiro Daniel Leddy Back to Main Menu High School Sports Staten Island Yankees Yankees Mets Sports Bulletin Board Youth Sports Adult Rec Sports Sports Columnists Memorial Day Run College Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Back to Main Menu Football Girls Soccer Boys Soccer Girls Cross Country Boys Cross Country Girls Bowling Boys Bowling Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Tennis Flag Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Handball Boys Handball Girls Swimming Girls Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Table Tennis Girls Fencing Field Hockey Boys Table Tennis Boys Fencing Boys Swimming Boys Gymnastics Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Competitive Cheer Girls Basketball Boys Basketball Softball Girls Lacrosse Boys Lacrosse Girls Golf Boys Golf Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Baseball Back to Main Menu Best of Staten Island Events Food TV/Film/Movie Times Inside Out column Arts and Theater Contests Pets Music and Nightlife Gracelyn's Chronicles Time Capsule Home and Garden Recreation Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Staten Island Cookbook Best of Staten Island Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Circulars Find&Save Back to Main Menu Engagements Weddings Births Proms Anniversaries Submit a Celebration Back to Main Menu SILive.com Photos SILive.com Videos Seen on Staten Island Share Photos Community Photos Share Videos Community Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Pinterest Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Staten Island Advance E-Edition Newsletters Apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search SILive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to SILive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Staten Island Advance E-Edition Newsletters Apps comments Controversial 9/11 imagery sparks outrage, disgust Mattress company airs offensive 9/11 commercial Print Email Staten Island Advance By Staten Island Advance Staten Island Advance on September 10, 2016 at 1:20 PM, updated September 10, 2016 at 10:08 PM comments On the eve of the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, photos and video with imagery evoking the Twin Towers are sparking a fierce backlash. Among the most widely-shared, and most passionately condemned, is a 20-second mattress ad promoting a "Twin Towers sale," which depicts store employees screaming and falling into two stacks of mattresses meant to resemble the buildings. "Here it is folks. We can say with metaphysical certitude this is the clearest definition to date of 'f------ stupid,'" wrote Borough President James Oddo in a Twitter post. The store, Miracle Mattress in San Antonio, Texas, has closed "indefinitely," Mike Bonanno, the store's owner said Friday. He said that several store employees had received death threats. Earlier in the week, Walmart was the target of outrage after a Panama City Beach store created a Coca Cola-themed 9/11 display using boxes of soda. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The display was designed to look like the World Trade Center, with black Coke Zero boxes forming the towers, and an American Flag made from Coke and Diet Coke boxes in the background. The store removed the display on Wednesday. And last weekend in Atlanta, two people attended a Dragon Con costume event dressed as the burning towers. A photo of the offensive costumes went viral. So wrong & inappropriate! More than just a cosplay fail, it's foul. Cosplaying as the Twin Towers 9/11 = Disgusting pic.twitter.com/1dIphxArkX — Alex Matsuo (@alexmatsuo) September 5, 2016 The images all come in the days leading up to a weekend of somber remembrances, events that involve 9/11 family members who already face the painful reality of the anniversary. "We will be silent through the 9/11 Anniversary to avoid any further distractions from a day of recognition and remembrance for the victims and their families," Bonanno posted on Facebook. Recent Obituaries THE GUIDE FIND YOUR WAY AROUND STATEN ISLAND Ferry information, schedule Facts about all 63 neighborhoods Wheel foundation takes shape Best of Staten Island Tips for first-time homeowners All Around Staten Island • Staten Island Advance Obituaries • Guide to Staten Island • Food & Dining • Entertainment • News You Can Use More S.I. News Sign up for free SILive.com newsletters Must-see Staten Island Advance videos Obituaries from the Advance Most Read Active Discussions About Us About SILive.com Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Community Rules Contact Us Subscribe Today Staten Island Advance E-Edition Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber? Manage Your Subscription View E-Edition Reprints SILive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Weddings Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find N Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages East Shore North Shore South Shore West Shore Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on SILive.com Videos Photos Weather Post a job RSS Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 SILive.com. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of SILive.com. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Subscribe (free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media Info Advertising Info Tweet Articles Blogs Labs Science Reference Reports Videos Radio Infographics Music Cartoons Library RSS Store Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Ten mind-blowing, historic events you are likely to witness in the next 100 days Thousands of vegetables across multiple states recalled for deadly Listeria outbreak Saturday, September 10, 2016 by: Amy Goodrich Tags: listeria, contamination, food recall (NaturalNews) Recently, Country Fresh recalled nearly 30,000 cases of various precut vegetables after one of its products being sold in a Georgia-based grocery store tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes bacteria. The recall affected several of its vegetable products – including sliced onions, mushrooms, and peppers – that were distributed to many Southeastern states including Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia. All affected products were wrapped in clear plastic containers or packaged in Styrofoam trays covered with clear plastic film and sold at Publix, Wal-Mart, Winn Dixie, Harris Teeter Supermarkets and BI-LO. A full list of the recalled products from the Texas-based company is available at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) website. How did these bacteria end up on the veggies?Listeria monocytogenes is a natural occurring bacteria in soil and water. Animals can carry the bacteria without showing signs of illness. Through contact with contaminated soil or animal manure that is often used as a fertilizer, the bacteria can end up on raw vegetables and equipment of food processing factories. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Listeria can live for years on the surface of equipment. It even survives the colder temperatures of refrigerators and freezers. "It's a pathogen that's particularly problematic in food-processing plants because it really likes cold, moist, dark environments," Benjamin Chapman, a food safety expert at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, told Live Science. Who is at riskIllness from Listeria monocytogenes can be rather serious and in some cases lethal, especially for elderly people, young children, and immunosuppressed people. Healthy individuals will probably only suffer short-term symptoms such as high fever, headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain, and diarrhea, while infections among pregnant women can cause miscarriages and stillbirths. According to the FDA, the company hasn't received any reports of illness linked to the contaminated products from Country Fresh. However, if you have eaten any of the recalled vegetables with best-by dates between August 7 and August 19 you should closely monitor your health. Children who have consumed these foods should be closely monitored as well as the elderly and people who are otherwise immuno-compromised, as they are more prone to infection. Listeriosis, caused by the listeria bacteria, can take up to 70 days after exposure before causing symptoms. Make sure to check your freezer too. If you froze any of the products on the list, you should return them to the place of purchase for a full refund. How to prevent infectionThanks to the quick decision of Country Fresh to recall its products the contamination was caught before any illness was reported. However, listeria outbreaks are not uncommon in the food industry. Other food items prone to listeria contamination include raw milk, unpasteurized soft cheese, and deli meats. Therefore, the CDC recommends to thoroughly wash or scrub fruits and vegetables before eating, cutting or cooking. Always separate uncooked foods from the cooked ones and wash your hands afterward, as well as the knives and cutting boards you used for the foods. Furthermore, they advise people to drink pasteurized milk and only consume ready-to-eat foods if they are steaming hot. Sources: FoodSafetyNews.com LiveScience.com FDA.gov Non-GMO, Certified Organic Survival Food from the Health Ranger The industry's only clean, lab tested and certified organic instant meals. IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Search on GoodGopher.com GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers. Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Listeria at FETCH.news The world of independent media, all in one place. Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on listeria Quaker Oats issues recall over Listeria concerns, just months after dealing with glyphosate poisoning allegations Listeria does not grow on cantaloupes: Why the 'deadliest food outbreak' of the decade is yet another food scare campaign Listeria outbreak strikes frozen foods: 47 MILLION pounds recalled; be careful what you consume Seven-ton hummus recall a nationwide concern Possible Listeria contamination prompts nationwide fruit recall Antibiotic era ending - Antimicrobial pecan shell extract can prevent Listeria contamination in organic meats Sixteen varieties of cheese recalled after death in California and illnesses in babies Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/055247_listeria_contamination_food_recall.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/055247_listeria_contamination_food_recall.html">Thousands of vegetables across multiple states recalled for deadly Listeria outbreak</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Trump Supporters launch GoodGopher.com rapidly rising as the independent search engine for REAL news... all sites penalized by Google are welcomed to get indexed Donald Trump's 7-point healthcare plan America cannot HEAL until we stop the left wing media HATE Merrimack College, where liberal professor named list of 'fake news' websites, found to have been DENIED accreditation, warn students... 'Please don't come to this hell hole...' Woman dies of sepsis after getting flu shot; CDC claims it as flu death, urges public to get vaccinated Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie Homeopathic medicine - The do's and don'ts While the nation was watching the election, the EPA just approved another toxic herbicide for Monsanto Crybully college professor names Natural News a 'fake news' website along with dozens of others that predicted the REAL election outcome Is the fix in? Talk show giant Michael Savage predicts Obama will 'poison pill' the nation before he leaves office EXCLUSIVE: Leftist forces planning takeover of U.S. Capitol Building on Inauguration Day to thwart Trump presidency Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days Cannabis chef brings 'healing' to the dinner table New mom left paralyzed by epidural anesthetic Seven simple tricks that make healthy food even healthier New deadly drug-resisant superbug linked to four deaths in the US Cannabis oil from marijuana is having success treating COPD TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event Is the fix in? Talk show giant Michael Savage predicts Obama will 'poison pill' the nation before he leaves office Teenager thought she just had a sore throat, found out her body was actually rotting away Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto WikiLeaks emails mention aspartame, acknowledging it puts holes in mice brains Soros-funded left-wing anarcho-terrorists plotting to SABOTAGE Trump and overthrow the Republic: Dave Hodges releases urgent interview with Mike Adams CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism CIVIL WAR: Violent Leftists openly call for death of Trump supporters Healthy 12-year-old girl dies shortly after receiving HPV vaccine Trump Supporters launch Washington Post now quoting the Health Ranger who predicted EVERYTHING about the election results and post-election leftist violence Whining, sore-loser leftist women now claiming ALL humans with a vagina should have voted for Hillary... just 'cuz The shocking ingredients in flu vaccines The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry EXCLUSIVE: Leftist forces planning takeover of U.S. Capitol Building on Inauguration Day to thwart Trump presidency GoodGopher.com rapidly rising as the independent search engine for REAL news... all sites penalized by Google are welcomed to get indexed From 'rape Melania' to mocking violent beat downs of white people, the extreme cruelty and mental illness of the left has no place in a civilized society America cannot HEAL until we stop the left wing media HATE All signs point to a corporate takeover of the marijuana industry by Bayer, Monsanto CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label 10 Urgent preparedness items you'll need when Trump wins the election next Tuesday THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever MUTINY AT THE FBI: Comey warned by his own agents to indict Clinton or watch the FBI's reputation go down in flames George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal' The FBI is going to bring down the DOJ... and America will cheer the agency's heroes as the Clinton crime regime is finally toppled Erik Prince: Hillary emails show everything from pay-for-play to pedophilia, NYPD ready to make arrests BREAKING: Racketeering indictment of Hillary Clinton now 'likely' as FOIA for Datto backup device reveals FBI possesses ALL the incriminating emails TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Dementia now striking people in their 40s as mercury from vaccines causes slow, degenerative brain damage After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all ANALYSIS: Election outcome scenarios reveal 95% chance of widespread post-election violence... streets of America to run red with blood The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters Whole Foods in deep financial trouble; sales plummet following deceptive anti-labeling position with Monsanto ANALYSIS: Chipotle is a victim of corporate sabotage... biotech industry food terrorists are planting e.coli in retaliation for restaurant's anti-GMO menu Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes San Bernardino shooting has all the signs of a staged government operation or ISIS terror attack (from what we know so far) Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes The lemon detox diet - a recipe that really works Popular on Facebook 61K EVERYTHING IS RIGGED: Medicine, science, elections, the media, money, education, search engines, social media... you are living in a fabricated fairy tale 46K Whole Foods goes ROGUE... partners with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America and replace with fake labeling deception... SENATE VOTE PLANNED AS EARLY AS TOMORROW 40K All-out effort to destroy Trump PROVES he's not part of the establishment... NOT an insider... 'Trump' movement has grown way beyond one man's actions or words 38K 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 36K Electoral victory for Hillary already LOCKED IN via massive bribery... George Soros admits on video... democracy be damned... THEFT of the presidency already complete 35K 56 examples of outrageously foul, lewd language spewed by Bill and Hillary Clinton over the last three decades 35K Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 31K CDC forced to reveal documents proving Thimerosal vaccine preservative causes autism 27K The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry 26K Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 23K Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson just sold out to Big Pharma... says children should be forcibly injected with mercury at gunpoint... claims government 'science' overrides medical freedom 23K VOTERS WARNED: You've already lost America... this election is about taking it back in the last non-violent way possible: At the voting booth 20K Hillary the CHEAT! Clinton caught wearing covert earpiece during last night's debate with Trump... brazen dishonesty on display yet again 20K Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN... now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase 'm-nd-t-ry v-cc-n-t--ns' 19K Staged Zika pandemic was engineered by globalist governments to justify the aerial bombardment of awakening populations with toxic chemicals 18K Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 17K TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT 17K After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all NaturalNews.com Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Medical marijuana may soon be available in Canada's largest pharmacy chain: Shoppers Drug Mart (Newstarget.com) Why marijuana continually gets overlooked as a healthy alternative (Newstarget.com) Biologist explains how marijuana causes tumor cells to commit suicide (Newstarget.com) Cannabinoids, like those found in marijuana, occur naturally in human breast milk (Newstarget.com) Seven simple tricks that make healthy food even healthier (Naturalnews.com) Diabetes skyrockets 75% in just one decade ... medical system clueless about answers (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 51° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Columbia Gas warns customers of utility schemes Updated: 5 mins ago Columbia Gas is teaming up with other gas and electric utility companies to protect customers from schemes. 38 year-old man killed in Springfield shooting; police looking for suspects Updated: 9 mins ago BREAKING NEWS A 38 year-old city resident who was shot Wednesday night in Springfield’s Maple High-Six Corners neighborhood has died. Vulnerable countries pledge to go all-renewables, with help Updated: 13 mins ago Egyptian fish vendor latest victim of alleged police abuses Updated: 13 mins ago Judge dismisses misconduct charge for Michigan ex-lawmaker Updated: 13 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 51° F Clear Feels Like: 51° F Wind: N 10 Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 6:45 AM Sunset: 4:26 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines Healey angry over Baker’s response to Bannon appointment November 17, 2016 Governor Baker says there is “too much prejudging going on here.” Preview Arrow: Vigilante November 16, 2016 Dolph Lundgren guest stars in a new episode of Arrow, Wednesday at 8PM. The Flash – Killer Frost Trailer November 16, 2016 Premiere and finale dates announce for CW shows in 2017 November 16, 2016 Arrow – Vigilante Scene November 16, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines 3 Middle School Parenting Tips November 17, 2016 Middle school years are a difficult time for both child and parent. Holidays for the hearing impaired November 17, 2016 The holidays can be a tough time for many, especially for the hearing impaired, who have to struggle to make the most of family time. Help out the Zoo in Forest Park November 17, 2016 DIY Thanksgiving dog treats! November 17, 2016 Achieve your dream bathroom with H&R Homes November 17, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 51° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Charter school campaign draws $19M from backers, critics Election Day is Nov. 8. STEVE LeBLANC, Associated Press Published: September 10, 2016, 1:00 pm Updated: September 10, 2016, 1:00 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) BOSTON (AP) — Supporters and opponents of a ballot question aimed at expanding the number of charter schools in Massachusetts have pulled in nearly $19 million in contributions heading into the final two months before Election Day. Charter school activists raised $12 million, according to reports filed late Friday with the state Office of Campaign and Political Finance. That’s nearly double the $6.8 million raised by opponents of the question, including teachers unions. The measure would let Massachusetts add up to a dozen new or expanded charter schools each year outside of existing caps. Donors to the pro-charter school campaign include two prominent billionaires — former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg who contributed $240,000 and Jim Walton of Arizona, the son of Walmart founder Sam Walton, who contributed more than $1.1 million. Another $5.5 million came from the New York City-based Families For Excellent Schools Advocacy, Inc. The group was founded in 2011 and said its mission is to “ensure that every child attends an excellent school by building coalitions of families and their allies and running campaigns that change education policy.” The three biggest donors to the group Save Our Public Schools, which opposes the ballot question, are teachers unions: the Massachusetts Teachers Association, which contributed nearly $4.2 million; the Boston- and Washington-based American Federation of Teachers, which contributed more than $700,000; and the Washington-based National Education Association, which contributed $1.9 million. Opponents of the charter school question put out a statement saying “Massachusetts voters trust public school teachers, not out-of-state billionaires, to do what’s best for our students.” Great Schools Massachusetts spokeswoman Eileen O’Connor said the pro-charter school group is “proud to have the support of parents and community members across the Commonwealth” while the opposition to the question is funded by “special interest groups.” The charter school question is one of four on the ballot, including a question that would legalize the recreational use of marijuana in Massachusetts Backers of the legalization question Massachusetts raised more than $2.7 million. The bulk of the money — about $2.2 million came from a single Washington-based political action committee — the New Approach PAC. Supporters of the question describe the PAC as “a foundation of philanthropists dedicated to reforming marijuana laws for social justice reasons.” Nick Bayer, campaign manager for the Safe and Healthy Massachusetts Campaign — which opposes the marijuana question and reported having raised $363,000 to fight the measure — said their contributions came from “a broad coalition of support from the Massachusetts health care, addiction, and business communities.” Supporters of a question that would ban the sale of eggs and other food products that come from farms where animals are confined to overly restrictive cages reported having raised $1.6 million. That included a $143,000 contribution from the Maryland-based Humane Society of the United States and $250,000 from Maximilian Stone, managing director of the New York-based investment and technology development firm DE Shaw & Co. There were no filings for opponents of the question. There were also no new filings for another question that will ask Massachusetts voters if the state should issue a second slots parlor license. Election Day is Nov. 8. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Questions raised over charter school campaign funding More than $33M raised by both sides in charter school fight Ballot Question 2 defeated; no expansion of charter schools Majority of Mayors come out in opposition to Charter Question Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 48° F 6 N Wind 39° Dewpoint 71% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:23 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Northampton 48° F 0 NNW Wind 40° Dewpoint 73% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 45° F 0 N Wind 37° Dewpoint 74% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:49 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Springfield 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Westfield 47° F 7 N Wind 37° Dewpoint 69% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 48° Holyoke 51° MGM Springfield Casino 51° Northampton 48° Pittsfield 45° Springfield 51° Westfield 47° Westover AFB 51° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date September 2016 M T W T F S S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Watch Live: Ryder change-of-plea hearing Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
One man in hospital after late night armed robbery - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decision 2016 Slideshows Viewer Pics Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 In case you missed it Video captures bizarre deer attack on driver Cop drives grieving man 100 miles to be with family SC baseball team loses their minds after making SportsCenter Top 10 Secrets of WIS personalities Video: Strangers help pull driver from overturned car on I-20 One man in hospital after late night armed robbery 2016-09-10T15:58:57Z2016-09-10T19:31:09Z By Warren Stocker, Digital Content Producer Email Connect wstocker@wistv.com (Source: WIS) COLUMBIA, SC (WIS) - An armed robbery late Friday night left one man in the hospital.  Deputies with the Richland County Sheriff’s Department say they responded to the 400 block of Goodwin Way in Columbia for a robbery and shooting incident. Deputies say the victim in the shooting said he noticed a car following him home from the Wal-Mart gas station on Garners Ferry Road. The victim went on to tell deputies as he walked to his home, 2 unknown black males pushed him down and took his wallet. He said the men then shot him in the lower body. WIN A TABLET FROM WIS! He was transported to the hospital. His condition is unknown at this time. Deputies continue to investigate this incident. Anyone with any information is urged to contact Crimestoppers in any of the following ways: PHONE: Call 1-888-CRIME SC (888-274-6372) TEXT: TIPSC plus your tip info to CRIMES (274637) ONLINE: www.midlandscrimestoppers.com and email a tip. Your identity will be kept anonymous, and if your tip leads to an arrest, you could be eligible for a cash reward of up to $1,000.  Copyright 2016 WIS. All rights reserved.  Local NewsLocalMore>> Local boy, Skyler Kistenmacher, published in national Highlights magazine Local boy, Skyler Kistenmacher, published in national Highlights magazine Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:55 AM EST2016-11-18 12:55:55 GMT Source: Highlights Magazine One local 13-year-old boy, Skyler Kistenmacher recently had his poem published in the "Your Own Pages" section of Highlights magazine. Highlights is the most widely read children’s magazine in the United States and even printed its one-billionth copy in June 2006. More >> One local 13-year-old boy, Skyler Kistenmacher recently had his poem published in the "Your Own Pages" section of Highlights magazine. Highlights is the most widely read children’s magazine in the United States and even printed its one-billionth copy in June 2006.More >> McLeod Health to open first family medicine practice, 7-building campus in Carolina Forest McLeod Health to open first family medicine practice, 7-building campus in Carolina Forest Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:15 AM EST2016-11-18 12:15:59 GMT McLeod Health will open its first family medicine practice in Carolina Forest.  (Source: McLeod Health Twitter) McLeod Health will open it's first family medicine practice in Carolina Forest.  More >> McLeod Health will open it's first family medicine practice in Carolina Forest.  More >> Man arrested for stealing ATVs in Scotland County Man arrested for stealing ATVs in Scotland County Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 6:02 AM EST2016-11-18 11:02:28 GMT Michael Wayne Hutchinson (Source: SCSO) The Scotland County Sheriff’s Office arrested a man in connection with an investigation into the theft of multiple ATVs from Scotland and Marlboro counties.More >> The Scotland County Sheriff’s Office arrested a man in connection with an investigation into the theft of multiple ATVs from Scotland and Marlboro counties.More >> Water sample from Waccamaw River during flooding tested positive for salmonella Water sample from Waccamaw River during flooding tested positive for salmonella Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:40 PM EST2016-11-18 03:40:10 GMT Residents are concerned about contaminated water following Hurricane Matthew. (Source: WMBF News) While people gut their homes after devastating floods following Hurricane Matthew, some are worried about getting rid of the bacteria the flooding brought with it. More >> While people gut their homes after devastating floods following Hurricane Matthew, some are worried about getting rid of the bacteria the flooding brought with it.More >> Chants Extinguish Flames 42-7 Chants Extinguish Flames 42-7 Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:31 PM EST2016-11-18 03:31:06 GMT Tyler Chadwick completed 6 of 9 passes for 71 yards (WMBF Sports) De’Angelo Henderson rushed for 139 yards – 98 in the first half – and scored three times while the Chanticleer defense held Liberty to just a CCU record-low minus 23 rushing yards as #16 Coastal Carolina cruised to a 42-7 victory over rival Liberty on a national ESPNEWS telecast. More >> De’Angelo Henderson rushed for 139 yards – 98 in the first half – and scored three times while the Chanticleer defense held Liberty to just a CCU record-low minus 23 rushing yards as #16 Coastal Carolina cruised to a 42-7 victory over rival Liberty on a national ESPNEWS telecast.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. More >> Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president.More >> Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. More >> A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring.More >> Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. More >> Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral.More >> Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. More >> For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing.More >> Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 5:54 PM EST2016-11-17 22:54:58 GMT A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. More >> Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page.More >> Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  More >> A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis. More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. The organic food industry has gotten ugly, but one of these two looks like it's a better bet on the future. Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Sep 10, 2016 at 11:11AM Image source: Getty Images. For well over a decade, Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM) was the only pure play in the organic food movement. The company was enormously successful, and that garnered investors a return of almost 1,000% between 2000 and 2013. But others took note of that success, and it hasn't been pretty in the industry since then. On the low end, Wal-Mart, Costco, and Kroger have significantly upped their organic offerings. On the high end, a number of specialty stores have given Whole Foods a run for its money. One of those high-end purveyors is Sprouts Farmers Market (NASDAQ:SFM). Today we'll look at whether Sprouts' or Whole Foods' stock is a better buy. Financial fortitude As boring as cash in the bank might be, its importance cannot be understated. When a company has a cash hoard sitting around, and doesn't have to worry about meeting debt payments, it has options and flexibility. If the economy sours, it can outspend rivals, buy back shares on the cheap, or even make an acquisition or two. But if there is no cash stash, then options are extremely limited. That's why financial fortitude is so important. Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Whole Foods $625 million $1,050 million $476 million $203 million Sprouts $78 million $282 million $144 million $131 million Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Net income and FCF reported on trailing twelve-month basis. It should be noted that Whole Foods is valued at roughly three times the size of Sprouts. It's also important to point out that Whole Foods pays for its new-store expansions almost solely from free cash flow (FCF). If it used debt instead, its FCF would stand at $603 million. Taking all these things into consideration, it's clear that Whole Foods is in the superior position. It only recently started taking on any debt at all, and that was largely because the money could be borrowed at such cheap rates. Sprouts, on the other hand, has a much higher debt load, relative to the amount of cash it has on hand. Winner: Whole Foods. Sustainable competitive advantage Another name for a sustainable competitive advantage is a "moat." One of the reasons that every player in the organic industry has struggled lately -- and why organic goods can be had cheaper than ever before -- is that there are no significant moats for anyone in the industry. As the popularity of natural and organic foods has increased, farmers have had more incentive to switch over to new farming practices. Because Whole Foods didn't -- and couldn't -- sign exclusive contracts with every potential organic producer worldwide before companies like Sprouts popped up, there weren't very high barriers to entry. At the end of the day, organic-food shoppers are starting to look a lot like buyers of airline tickets -- there's very little brand loyalty, and price seems to be the most important variable. When that's the case, it's never good for industry players. Winner: Tie. Valuation Finally, we need to evaluate how expensive each stock is. Just this past week, Sprouts announced that it was cutting its comps outlook for the third quarter. That sent its shares down over 15%, but it wasn't alone: Whole Foods shares dropped over 6% in concert. Given these lower valuations, which stock is a better buy today? Let's look at four popular metrics:  ratios of price to earnings, price to free cash flow, price to sales, and price/earnings to growth. Company P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Ratio Whole Foods 19 43 0/59 1.9 Sprouts 21 19 0.75 1.6 Data sources: Yahoo! Finance, E*Trade, YCharts. P/E represents figures from non-GAAP earnings. As I said above, Whole Foods' FCF is skewed because it uses the money to fund growth, instead of debt. If we back this out, shares of Whole Foods trade for a more reasonable 15 times FCF. When we look at the more holistic picture, we see two companies that are pretty fairly valued. Sprouts is cheaper based on its PEG ratio and price-to-FCF. Whole Foods is cheaper based on price-to-earnings and price-to-sales. Winner: Tie. So, if you must choose between these two companies, I would argue that Whole Foods is the better bet today. But in reality, you don't have to choose. And I would personally favor staying out of both companies. Whole Foods is staking its turnaround hopes on a smaller 365-branded store, but I think it, along with Sprouts, is in the unenviable position of running an extremely low-margin, commodity-based business. That's not a great environment for your hard-earned dollars.   John Mackey, co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Brian Stoffel has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale and Whole Foods Market. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Brian Stoffel has been a Fool since 2008, and a financial journalist for the Motley Fool since 2010. He tends to follow the investment strategies of Fool-founder David Gardner, looking for the most innovative companies driving positive change for the future. Follow @TMFStoffel Article Info Sep 10, 2016 at 11:11AM Consumer Goods Stocks Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $31.26 up $0.32 (1.03%) Sprouts Farmers Markets NASDAQ:SFM $21.74 up $0.15 (0.69%) Read More Why Whole Foods Market Stock Jumped 11% in May Will Whole Foods Market's New Loyalty Program Make a Difference? Whole Foods Market Inc Has a Low Bar to Clear as Shares Pick Up Steam Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Highlights From the Stock Market Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. The organic food industry has gotten ugly, but one of these two looks like it's a better bet on the future. Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Sep 10, 2016 at 11:11AM Image source: Getty Images. For well over a decade, Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM) was the only pure play in the organic food movement. The company was enormously successful, and that garnered investors a return of almost 1,000% between 2000 and 2013. But others took note of that success, and it hasn't been pretty in the industry since then. On the low end, Wal-Mart, Costco, and Kroger have significantly upped their organic offerings. On the high end, a number of specialty stores have given Whole Foods a run for its money. One of those high-end purveyors is Sprouts Farmers Market (NASDAQ:SFM). Today we'll look at whether Sprouts' or Whole Foods' stock is a better buy. Financial fortitude As boring as cash in the bank might be, its importance cannot be understated. When a company has a cash hoard sitting around, and doesn't have to worry about meeting debt payments, it has options and flexibility. If the economy sours, it can outspend rivals, buy back shares on the cheap, or even make an acquisition or two. But if there is no cash stash, then options are extremely limited. That's why financial fortitude is so important. Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Whole Foods $625 million $1,050 million $476 million $203 million Sprouts $78 million $282 million $144 million $131 million Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Net income and FCF reported on trailing twelve-month basis. It should be noted that Whole Foods is valued at roughly three times the size of Sprouts. It's also important to point out that Whole Foods pays for its new-store expansions almost solely from free cash flow (FCF). If it used debt instead, its FCF would stand at $603 million. Taking all these things into consideration, it's clear that Whole Foods is in the superior position. It only recently started taking on any debt at all, and that was largely because the money could be borrowed at such cheap rates. Sprouts, on the other hand, has a much higher debt load, relative to the amount of cash it has on hand. Winner: Whole Foods. Sustainable competitive advantage Another name for a sustainable competitive advantage is a "moat." One of the reasons that every player in the organic industry has struggled lately -- and why organic goods can be had cheaper than ever before -- is that there are no significant moats for anyone in the industry. As the popularity of natural and organic foods has increased, farmers have had more incentive to switch over to new farming practices. Because Whole Foods didn't -- and couldn't -- sign exclusive contracts with every potential organic producer worldwide before companies like Sprouts popped up, there weren't very high barriers to entry. At the end of the day, organic-food shoppers are starting to look a lot like buyers of airline tickets -- there's very little brand loyalty, and price seems to be the most important variable. When that's the case, it's never good for industry players. Winner: Tie. Valuation Finally, we need to evaluate how expensive each stock is. Just this past week, Sprouts announced that it was cutting its comps outlook for the third quarter. That sent its shares down over 15%, but it wasn't alone: Whole Foods shares dropped over 6% in concert. Given these lower valuations, which stock is a better buy today? Let's look at four popular metrics:  ratios of price to earnings, price to free cash flow, price to sales, and price/earnings to growth. Company P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Ratio Whole Foods 19 43 0/59 1.9 Sprouts 21 19 0.75 1.6 Data sources: Yahoo! Finance, E*Trade, YCharts. P/E represents figures from non-GAAP earnings. As I said above, Whole Foods' FCF is skewed because it uses the money to fund growth, instead of debt. If we back this out, shares of Whole Foods trade for a more reasonable 15 times FCF. When we look at the more holistic picture, we see two companies that are pretty fairly valued. Sprouts is cheaper based on its PEG ratio and price-to-FCF. Whole Foods is cheaper based on price-to-earnings and price-to-sales. Winner: Tie. So, if you must choose between these two companies, I would argue that Whole Foods is the better bet today. But in reality, you don't have to choose. And I would personally favor staying out of both companies. Whole Foods is staking its turnaround hopes on a smaller 365-branded store, but I think it, along with Sprouts, is in the unenviable position of running an extremely low-margin, commodity-based business. That's not a great environment for your hard-earned dollars.   John Mackey, co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Brian Stoffel has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale and Whole Foods Market. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Brian Stoffel has been a Fool since 2008, and a financial journalist for the Motley Fool since 2010. He tends to follow the investment strategies of Fool-founder David Gardner, looking for the most innovative companies driving positive change for the future. Follow @TMFStoffel Article Info Sep 10, 2016 at 11:11AM Consumer Goods Stocks Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $31.26 up $0.32 (1.03%) Sprouts Farmers Markets NASDAQ:SFM $21.74 up $0.15 (0.69%) Read More Why Whole Foods Market Stock Jumped 11% in May Will Whole Foods Market's New Loyalty Program Make a Difference? Whole Foods Market Inc Has a Low Bar to Clear as Shares Pick Up Steam Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Highlights From the Stock Market Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Man accused of trying to take pictures up young girl's skirt at Huntsville Wal-Mart Print Email Erin Edgemon | eedgemon@al.com By Erin Edgemon | eedgemon@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 10, 2016 at 10:18 AM comments Cruz Rodriguez (MCSO)Erin Edgemon | eedgemon@al.com  Huntsville police say a man was arrested on Wednesday after attempting to take pictures up a young girl's dress in the checkout line at Wal-Mart. Cruz Rodriguez, 55, is charged with production of pornography with minors and aggravated criminal surveillance, jail records show. His bail was set at $36,000. The incident occurred just after 7 p.m. on Wednesday at the Wal-Mart off South Memorial Parkway and Hobbs Road in Huntsville, police said.  Few details are being released due to the victim's age, according to police. The criminal complaint wasn't immediately available for release. Most Read Get email notifications on your comments ... Learn how» Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Home Photos Videos XML Contact Us News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Home » News » More News » Vijayawada:Fire at Walmart store, no casualty Vijayawada:Fire at Walmart store, no casualty 2 months ago | 10-09-2016 | IBNS Vijayawada, Sept 10 : A fore broke out at global retail major Walmart wholesale store near Vijayawada on Saturday, media reports said. Fire authorities reached the spot and brought the flames under control. No casualty has been reported. We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter, a company spokesperson was quoted as saying by The Hindu Business Line. Previous News Next News News Categories World India Business Sports Bollywood Hollywood Kerala Education Health Technology Automobile Travel Computer Features BEST OF NK News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology © Copyright 2016. All rights reserved. newkerala.com

News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Local September 10, 2016 10:35 AM Man followed home, robbed, shot i Posted by Clif LeBlanc LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC A man who said he was followed home to the Gadsden community Friday from a Garners Ferry Road Walmart told deputies he was robbed then shot. The man told Richland County deputies he noticed a car following him from the discount store’s gas station as he walked to his home on Goodwin Way. As he was about to go inside the house, two men got out, pushed him down and stole his wallet, sheriff’s spokesman Lt. Curtis Wilson said. As they were about to leave, one of the attackers turned around and shot the man in the lower body. He was taken to Palmetto Health Richland hospital. Wilson said his condition was not known. The spokesman provided no other details. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Local Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:29 Gov. Nikki Haley on 'Fight Song' Pause 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 1:45 Senior moments: Gamecocks reflect on careers 1:52 Game preview: A chance to reach bowl eligibility with an exclamation point 0:50 How winning helps South Carolina in the recruiting process 3:18 Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards of Prosperity discusses his past, present, future 6:48 Fork & Goal: Catamount Shoulder boulders 1:16 A tour of a new mobile home for October 2015 flood survivors 2:22 Fatal shooting of Keith Scott in Charlotte Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 16 hours ago 'I've never been out here in 43 years' 0:59 16 hours ago 'I've never been out here in 43 years' 3:29 2 days ago How to spatchcock a turkey 2:17 2 days ago Helping cooks make the perfect turkey for more than 30 years View more video Local Haley ‘pleased’ to meet with Trump Air quality improves in the Midlands, games to go on as planned For artists at Vista Studios, ‘it’s time to find another spot’ A proper burial for Richland County’s poor, forgotten Richland County sheriff responds to citizen complaints, concerns along North Main Street Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › US home election 2016 US selected world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close September 11 2001 'Tasteless' mattress ad is latest 9/11-themed promotion to spark backlash Ad showing men falling into two piles of mattresses prompts apology as Texas store announces ‘indefinite’ closure – but it’s not the first such controversy Facebook Twitter Pinterest The ‘tasteless’ mattress ad. Tom Dart in Houston @Tom_Dart Saturday 10 September 2016 10.09 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.33 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old Every advertiser dreams that their content might go viral – just not like this. On the eve of the 15th anniversary of 9/11, a San Antonio mattress store has apologised for promoting a “twin towers sale”, and closed its doors in response to the backlash. 9/11 tapes reveal raw and emotional Hillary Clinton Read more “Right now, you can get any sized mattress for a twin price!” says a grinning woman flanked by two employees in the 20-second spot. She flings her arms out and the men tumble backwards, knocking over two tall piles of mattresses. The woman screams “Oh my God!” in mock panic, then immediately recovers her composure and adds, with a half-smile: “We’ll never forget.” The now deleted video was posted on the store’s Facebook page earlier this week, the San Antonio Express-News reported. It quickly attracted local, then national outrage. “I say this unequivocally, with sincere regret: the video is tasteless and an affront to the men and women who lost their lives on 9/11,” Mike Bonanno, owner of Miracle Mattress, said in a statement. “Furthermore, it disrespects the families who lost their loved ones and continue to struggle with the pain of this tragedy every day of their lives.” By Friday afternoon, the company’s Facebook page had attracted more than 3,000 negative reviews, with many commenters expressing disgust. “I literally hope a small plane crashes into your absolute piece of shit store and it burns to the ground just for the sake of irony,” said one. Bonanno issued another statement on Friday, saying: “Effective immediately, our Miracle Mattress store will be closed indefinitely. We will be silent through the 9/11 anniversary to avoid any further distractions from a day of recognition and remembrance for the victims and their families.” Marian Salzman, New York-based chief executive of Havas PR North America, said that even well-intentioned efforts around 9/11 can come across as opportunistic intrusions into what should be a time of sober reflection. “You can have a tasteful response – it still doesn’t mean I feel it’s appropriate,” she said. “It’s a day I’d prefer not to see commingled with marshmallows or dog food or airline travel or my favourite luxury car. “I’d feel a brand respects me more and understands me better if they left a few things sacrosanct … Do me a favour, let a national day of mourning be a day about mourning.” Miracle Mattress is not the first company to misjudge the tone of an ad. In 2014, for example, a yoga studio in Virginia attracted negative responses with a “9+11 = 20% off Patriot Day Sale”. Even major brands have produced 9/11-related advertising, promotions and would-be tributes that have been criticised as tasteless and exploitative. Earlier this week, a Walmart store in Panama City, Florida, took down a September 11-themed soft drink display. Boxes of Coke and Sprite were stacked to form an American flag, with two dark towers of Coke Zero in the middle. A banner depicting the Lower Manhattan skyline and bearing the line “We Will Never Forget” hung above the price tag, which floated between the towers and informed customers that the multipacks were now $3.33. A Walmart spokesman told Orlando Weekly the display had been taken down. Shawn (@online_shawn) Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG September 6, 2016 In 2013, the communications giant AT&T responded to an immediate backlash by swiftly deleting a tweet that showed a hand holding a smartphone with the Tribute in Light memorial on its screen. Also that year, Marriott apologised and said it was reminding its hotels to be sensitive after a property in San Diego informed guests: “In remembrance of those we lost on 9/11 the hotel will provide complimentary coffee and mini muffins from 8.45-9.15am”. In 2009, the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and an advertising agency apologised for a newspaper advertisement that appeared in Brazil and depicted dozens of planes heading for the twin towers. The goal was to remind readers of the need to respect the power of nature by comparing the death toll on 9/11 with the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, which killed about 230,000 people. '9/11 belongs to compassion': Congress marks 15th anniversary on Capitol steps Read more “In no way was it done in bad faith or with disrespect to American suffering. WWF Brazil and DDB Brasil acknowledge that such an ad should never have been made, approved or published,” the charity and the ad firm said in a statement. It then emerged that a TV commercial on the same theme had been submitted to awards shows. As the Guardian reported: “Copy attached to the submission states: ‘We see two airplanes blowing up the WTC’s [World Trade Centre’s] twin towers ... We see hundreds of airplanes invading the screen. Before they hit the buildings ... lettering reminds us that the tsunami killed 100 times more people.’” There has been a 9/11-themed commercial that worked. In the US, only four months after the attacks, Budweiser aired a muted and widely admired tribute featuring Clydesdale horses passing the Statue of Liberty and kneeling as they face towards Ground Zero. It aired only once, during the 2002 Super Bowl. The concept was reprised 10 years later, adding the line: “We’ll never forget.” More news Topics September 11 2001 Advertising Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US selected world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US selected world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › September 11 2001 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Michigan man who wanted to see child's privates gets jail A 25-year-old Lincoln Park man who admits he was sexually attracted to an 11-year-old child he saw at the Fowlerville Wal-Mart was sentenced Thursday. Post to Facebook Michigan man who wanted to see child's privates gets jail A 25-year-old Lincoln Park man who admits he was sexually attracted to an 11-year-old child he saw at the Fowlerville Wal-Mart was sentenced Thursday.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2ceKATs {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Michigan man who wanted to see child's privates gets jail Lisa Roose-Church, Livingston Daily 9:36 a.m. EDT September 10, 2016 Dandre Fuller (Photo: Livingston County Jail) A 25-year-old Lincoln Park man who admits he was sexually attracted to an 11-year-old child he saw at the Fowlerville Wal-Mart was sentenced Thursday. The prosecution asked the judge to give Dandre Richard-Stephen Fuller a sentence at the high end of the state’s suggested sentencing guidelines, which would have been about nine months. However, Judge Michael P. Hatty sentenced Fuller to four and a half months in the Livingston County Jail and five years of probation for accosting a child for immoral purposes. He also ordered that Fuller undergo counseling and remain at least 500 feet away from the victim and a woman he was living with who has small children. Fuller, who was given credit for already serving 120 days, was expected to be released Thursday. Chief Assistant Prosecutor Pamela Maas said she found the probation office’s recommendation for 120 days in jail “inadequate.” She felt the court should consider a lengthier sentence based on Fuller’s admission he wanted “to see (the girl’s) vagina” when he noticed her in the store. “He further admitted that there was potential for additional sexual conduct had she agreed and eventually did admit that he had a sexual attraction to her,” Maas said. “… Apparently this attraction to prepubescent females means that until the defendant, perhaps has counseling … that other kids might be at risk.” Fuller also told the probation office that he believes the “maximum term of prison is appropriate,” which surprised his attorney, Blake Wright, who said he never before had a client make such an admission. “That shows you how remorseful he is,” Wright told the court. Wright also noted: “Any additional (jail) time will not expedite (Fuller’s) rehabilitation.” Police said Fuller offered the 11-year-old girl $20 to pull her pants down after he coerced her into the Wal-Mart bathroom at 970 Gehringer Drive. The incident occurred between 4:30-5 p.m. May 10 and was reported to police two days later. Contact Livingston Daily justice reporter Lisa Roose-Church at 517-552-2846 or lrchurch@gannett.com. Follow her on Twitter @LisaRooseChurch. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2ceKATs More Stories Romney McDaniel gains support for Michigan GOP reelection Nov. 18, 2016, 10:18 a.m. Man dead, wife chased out window in marijuana robbery Nov. 18, 2016, 10:03 a.m. EPA: Flint must test new water source for 3 months Nov. 18, 2016, 10 a.m. Johnny and June Carter Cash's former lakefront Tenn. estate for sale Nov. 18, 2016, 1:21 a.m.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › News › World 23 killed in explosion and fire at Bangladesh factory Published 10/09/2016 0 Comments Share 23 killed in explosion and fire at Bangladesh factory BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A boiler has exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/23-killed-in-explosion-and-fire-at-bangladesh-factory-35037967.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article35037966.ece/ed97b/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-fd035c69-c5bb-4946-82ae-b34f69bdfd0d_I1.jpg Email Several bodies have been recovered from the explosion at a factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka A boiler has exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens. Fire officials described as huge Saturday's explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils Ltd factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments The fire triggered by the blast spread quickly because flammable chemicals were stored at the factory. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in a critical condition, said police official Mohammed Bacchu Mia. He confirmed that at least 23 people had died. Local TV stations said about 50 people were injured in all. Television footage showed smoke billowing from the factory, with the fire engulfing part of the upper floors. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M. A fire at a garment factory in a Dhaka suburb killed 112 workers in 2012. A year later, a commercial complex near Dhaka housing five garment factories collapsed, killing 1,135 people, Bangladesh's worst industrial disaster. It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring Saturday's blaze in the Tongi area under control. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further. Authorities have ordered an investigation but it was not immediately clear what caused the explosion, which occurred at around 6am. Syed Mokbul Hossain, the owner of the Tampaco Foils factory, said he was not sure when the boiler was last inspected. He said around 75 people had been scheduled to work the overnight shift. Saturday was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a week-long holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha, which falls on Tuesday. The major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories. AP Read More Nobel organisers hope for Bob Dylan lecture in Stockholm next year  Nobel winner Bob Dylan is likely to travel to Stockholm next year and might give his Nobel Lecture then, the Swedish Academy said. Seven from same family killed amid Aleppo bombardment in Syria  Intensive bombing has hit rebel-held eastern areas of the city of Aleppo in Syria, hitting an area housing hospitals and reportedly killing seven members of the same family. German teenager accused of editing Islamic State propaganda  An 18-year-old has been charged in Germany with supporting a terrorist organisation by translating Islamic State propaganda and correcting errors. Suicide attackers leave civilians dead in Nigeria city attacks  Suicide bombers have attacked a checkpoint and bustling bus station in a Nigerian city, with four of them killed as well as two civilian defence fighters. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World US court stops Making A Murderer inmate's release  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on websites  World The Shining actress Shelley Duvall reveals mental illness  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Wayne Rooney controversy: Unnamed football agent claims Irish background to blame for behaviour Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Patricia Cornwell: 'When I was outed as a lesbian, I didn't leave my house for a month - I was afraid, horrified and humiliated' Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Archive Jobs Jobs Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Tickets Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User News World News Friday 18 November 2016 23 killed in explosion and fire at Bangladesh factory Published 10/09/2016 | 06:51 0 Comments Share 23 killed in explosion and fire at Bangladesh factory Independent.ie A boiler has exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/23-killed-in-explosion-and-fire-at-bangladesh-factory-35037965.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35037964.ece/db1bf/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-fd035c69-c5bb-4946-82ae-b34f69bdfd0d_I1.jpg Email Smoke billows from a packaging factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka, Bangladesh. (AP) A boiler has exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens. Share 23 killed in explosion and fire at Bangladesh factory Independent.ie A boiler has exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/23-killed-in-explosion-and-fire-at-bangladesh-factory-35037965.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35037964.ece/db1bf/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-fd035c69-c5bb-4946-82ae-b34f69bdfd0d_I1.jpg Email Go To Comments Fire officials described as huge Saturday's explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils Ltd factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka. The fire triggered by the blast spread quickly because flammable chemicals were stored at the factory. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in a critical condition, said police official Mohammed Bacchu Mia. He confirmed that at least 23 people had died. Local TV stations said about 50 people were injured in all. Television footage showed smoke billowing from the factory, with the fire engulfing part of the upper floors. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M. A fire at a garment factory in a Dhaka suburb killed 112 workers in 2012. A year later, a commercial complex near Dhaka housing five garment factories collapsed, killing 1,135 people, Bangladesh's worst industrial disaster. It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring Saturday's blaze in the Tongi area under control. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further. Authorities have ordered an investigation but it was not immediately clear what caused the explosion, which occurred at around 6am. Syed Mokbul Hossain, the owner of the Tampaco Foils factory, said he was not sure when the boiler was last inspected. He said around 75 people had been scheduled to work the overnight shift. Saturday was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a week-long holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha, which falls on Tuesday. The major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories. AP Press Association Follow @Independent_ie Read More Nobel organisers hope for Bob Dylan lecture in Stockholm next year  Nobel winner Bob Dylan is likely to travel to Stockholm next year and might give his Nobel Lecture then, the Swedish Academy said. Renewed appeal to find suspect believed to be involved in shooting of police woman  Independent.ie Newsdesk Police investigating the murder of Sharon Beshenivsky have renewed their appeal to trace a man believed to have been involved in the shooting of the officer in Bradford 11 years ago. Thousands mark end of Battle of the Somme with sombre silence  Tom Pugh Up to 2,000 guests fell silent to remember the fallen at a service in France marking the 100th anniversary of the final day of the Battle of the Somme. Recommended Videos from Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Girl with cancer (14) is cryogenically frozen after telling judge she wants to be...  Britain Tourist arrested on 'extra-marital sex' charges after telling police she had been gang...  Middle East Tourist (60) dies while diving at the Great Barrier Reef - the third death at the...  Australasia Tear gas used on actress during botched Paris robbery  Europe The Shining actress Shelley Duvall reveals mental illness  World News How many passengers pay for water at Dublin Airport's 'honesty box'?  Travel Talk WATCH: Senator launches stinging attack at government's reaction to 'monster' and 'fascist'...  Politics Irish dad writes hilarious letter to his precious daughter on her sixteenth birthday  Parenting Bride-to-be Majella (30) dies after falling ill on dream holiday flight  Irish News How Brexit has reignited an age-old row over Lough Foyle  Brexit Trump's win was a crushing blow to political correctness How many passengers pay for water at Dublin Airport's 'honesty box'? EXCLUSIVE: Investigators discover massive illegal dump after three-year-long investigation into suspicious activity Controversial 'Tourists... I want my city back' article sparks massive debate online Promoted articles Editors Choice 15 ways to get a good night's sleep Regular sleep loss has been linked to high blood pressure, heart... Five of the best markets in Dublin Food, glorious food! Cure or kill? Ireland's abuse of antibiotics could leave us without our most powerful drugs Parents... Also in World News Thousands mark end of Battle of the Somme with sombre silence Up to 2,000 guests fell silent to remember the fallen at... Space junk a huge environmental challenge, expert warns Metal and plastic junk hurtling round the Earth at... Breaking Two men who 'laughed and joked' while eating stolen pizzas after killing Pizza... Two men who killed a Pizza Hut delivery driver then... German teenager accused of editing Islamic State propaganda An 18-year-old has been charged in Germany with... 365 migrants 'dead or missing' after Mediterranean shipwrecks The UN's migration watcher has said it now... Suicide attackers leave civilians dead in Nigeria city attacks Suicide bombers have attacked a checkpoint and... Seven from same family killed amid Aleppo bombardment in Syria Intensive bombing has hit rebel-held eastern areas... Teen girl rushed to hospital after 15ft fall from school balcony A pupil has been taken to hospital after falling 15ft from... This is no drill. Rhino with toothache proves unusual call-out for firefighters A crew of firefighters have answered one of... Black Eyed Peas rapper Taboo reveals cancer battle Taboo of the Black Eyed Peas has opened up about his recent battle with testicular... VIDEO - 999 call played to Jo Cox murder trial jury: 'There's hell on, it's chaos' Recording of the 999 call made by Darren... VIDEO: Footage shows tornado-hit Wales A number of tornadoes have struck parts of Wales and the Midlands, causing... VIDEO - Abandoned places: Look inside Birnbeck Pier Take a look inside one of the UK's lost places, the Birnbeck Pier. The pier at... MUST WATCH: Boxer dog tackles the Mannequin Challenge A boxer dog from Pittsburgh has become the latest... WATCH: Footage of what appears to be two men forcing a man into a coffin... Warning: Some viewers may find this video... WATCH: Mexico's fattest man moved to hospital for extreme diet One of the world's fattest men is moved to... LISTEN: Emergency calls reveal Pulse patron calming others during massacre WATCH: The moment a man with a knife lodged in his head walks into hospital A 28-year-old taxi driver walked into a... VIDEO: Watch Michelle Obama's reaction after being urged to 'run for president' First Lady Michelle Obama laughs off a call for... VIDEO: Judge orders release of Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey A federal judge in Wisconsin orders the release... Thousands mark end of Battle of the Somme with sombre silence 10 most impressive pictures of the supermoon In Pictures: Aftermath of New Zealand earthquake horror In Pictures: Anti-Trump protests take place across the US In Pictures: The latest from Mosul as battle for city rages on In Pictures: President-elect Donald Trump and wife Melania are shown around the White House In Pictures: Donald Trump victory sparks protests across several states In Pictures: 'Never stop believing' - Hillary Clinton's concession speech US election night: All the best pictures from an historic count as Donald Trump becomes next US president More than 50 arrested after thousands of protesters attended Million Mask March By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Star-Ledger's old Newark HQ is turning into an art warehouse Print Email Steve Strunsky | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Steve Strunsky | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 10, 2016 at 8:30 AM, updated September 10, 2016 at 8:35 AM comments NEWARK —  The vast expanse of well-worn carpeting has been replaced by a shiny, white epoxy finish, and the drop-ceiling has been removed to create more space overhead, exposing the steel support girders, now freshly painted. Those and many other changes to the building that once housed The Star Ledger newsroom and business offices give the big, wide open areas the eager, if still-unfinished look of a new box store waiting to be stocked. And stocked it will be, but not with the toys, clothes or patio furniture of a Walmart or Target. Rather, the space is being remade into an energy efficient, climate-controlled and hushed warehouse for works of art. Manhattan-based Crozier Fine Arts, which stores, maintains and transports paintings and sculpture around the world, bought the building in June 2015 for $7.5 million from Maddd Equities of Floral Park, N.Y., the real estate firm that had purchased it from The Star-Ledger's owner, Advance Publications, a year earlier for an undisclosed sum.  The 177,000-square-foot grey brick building at the corner of Washington and Court streets, was the newspaper's headquarters and main location from 1966 to 2014. (The Star-Ledger remains New Jersey's largest-circulation newspaper. The Star-Ledger still maintains a presence in downtown Newark, at the Gateway Plaza complex near Penn Station. The newspaper's publisher, other executives and some editorial employees work in that location.) Crozier is now spending another $10 million to $12 million to knock out old walls and erect new ones, revamp the air circulation system and surfaces, and otherwise remake the building to suit its needs. It will be Crozier's third facility in New Jersey, after two other Newark locations, on Johnson Avenue and Irvine Turner Boulevard. "We want to make it as secure and air-tight a facility as possible," said James Pantoleon, Crozier's director of facility maintenance and engineering. "We have custom climate control systems we install in the spaces. We maintain 70 degrees and 50 percent relative humidity. And we do it with very little real energy." People and portraits are not the same, and it's more demanding to accommodate a large workforce than a large collection. "The building was constructed to house 1,200 people and keep them comfortable. Art storage is a different concept in itself," Pantoleon added. "We don't bring in a lot of outside air. Whereas for people you need a lot of oxygen, we don't want a lot of oxygen in our air." (Oxygen degrades a variety of materials, and is unwelcome in many storage environments.) Crozier said about 50 people will work in the facility once it's fully operational later this fall. And it's that modest human traffic and occupancy that will allow the building to remain at a constant temperature and humidity with little effort by the heating and air conditioning system, Pantoleon explained, because there will be relatively little walking — or breathing — in and out. Mayor Ras Baraka welcomed Crozier's reuse of the building, noting it will provide employment including entry-level jobs, as well as tax revenues. "It's great," Baraka said. "It actually speaks to whats going on in the city of Newark in bringing in terms of warehousing and manufacturing."    Crozier's clients include artists, galleries, museums, private collectors and others who need their valuable works stored in a secure place, under precise atmospheric conditions, and handled with the utmost care. Newark was an ideal location for the company, located just 5 miles west of Manhattan, the world's main intersection of art and commerce, and with easy access to several major highways and Newark Liberty International Airport. "It takes me 22 minutes from Chelsea to get here," on the PATH train, Pantoleon said, referring to the Manhattan neighborhood where Crozier's headquarters are located. The Newark building's size, its large, open spaces, high ceilings and its availability for immediate occupancy, made the old Star-Ledger building attractive to the company.   In addition to its larger storage areas, the facility will include smaller spaces that can be leased and controlled by individual galleries or artists, doubling as viewing areas to show pieces to potential buyers. A bar-code system will track every work that enters the building, allowing it to be retrieved in a matter or minutes. Crozier declined to identify any recognizable artists or institutions among its clients, citing confidentiality agreements. Company officials said they could not provide even a range of dollar values for individual pieces they store, because their clients don't tell them.  Like Observer Highway in Hoboken or Journal Square in Jersey City, the newspaper's name will outlast its physical presence on the spot. The address of the building, at the intersection of Court and Washington streets, a few blocks from City Hall and the Martin Luther King Jr. Federal Courthouse, will continue to be 1 Star-Ledger Plaza, said Simon Hornby, Crozier's president and CEO. "Star-Ledger Plaza holds a special place in the heart of Newark, and we want to maintain that," said Hornby, the Louisiana-born son of Britains whose dual citizenship and posh accent reflect the international art world he trades in.   Hornby said Crozier makes a point of hiring locally. Apart from corporate public relations, he said, it's simply good business to have your workforce handy.  Many employees are artists themselves. Andrew Deock, a Newark native who is director of storage operations in New Jersey, is a painter. Shoshanna Weinberger, Crozier's director of administrative operations, is a multi-media artists with pieces in the permanent collection of the Newark Museum.  "There's an affinity for the product their dealing with," Hornby said.     Angel Rodriguez and Ralph Austin are both local hires, Newark natives who still live in the city. The two were installing electrical lines in the old newsroom, a space Crozier people have dubbed, "the loft," because it will be filled with stacks of oil paintings, lithographs, silk screens and other works.  "It's exciting," Austin, 32, a Star-Ledger reader, told a reporter. "It's a big transformation, going from being used for news to a big art site. It's interesting. And fun for me. I enjoy it." "It's pretty interesting, the history here," added Rodriquez, 31, who also reads the Ledger. "We found some old papers from you guys." Steve Strunsky may be reached at sstrunsky@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SteveStrunsky. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Money September 10, 2016 7:15 am Updated: September 10, 2016 10:03 am At least 23 dead after explosion at Bangladesh factory By Staff The Associated Press Local media say over a dozen people have been killed in a fire at a Bangladeshi garment factory, as firefighters continue to battle flames. Reuters’ Natasha Howitt reports. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen NEW DELHI – A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh’s capital on Saturday, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens, officials said. Fire officials said that the explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils Ltd. factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka was huge, and that the fire triggered by the blast spread quickly because flammable chemicals were stored at the factory. Story continues below At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in critical condition, said Mohammed Bacchu Mia, a police official at the hospital. He confirmed that at least 23 people had died. READ MORE: John Kerry discusses security in Bangladesh amid terror concerns Local TV stations said about 50 people were injured in all. Television footage showed smoke billowing from the factory, with the fire engulfing part of the upper floors. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M. In 2012, a fire at a garment factory in a Dhaka suburb killed 112 workers. A year later, a commercial complex near Dhaka housing five garment factories collapsed, killing 1,135 people, Bangladesh’s worst industrial disaster. A body of a fire victim is carried into a makeshift morgue at a hospital after a fire broke out at a packaging factory in Tongi industy area outside Dhaka, Bangladesh, Saturday, Sept. 10, 2016. A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh\’s capital. AP Photo/A. M. Ahad It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring Saturday’s blaze under control. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further, officials said. It was not immediately clear what caused the explosion, which occurred at around 6 a.m. Authorities have ordered an investigation. Syed Mokbul Hossain, the owner of the Tampaco Foils factory, told the Bengali-language Prothom Alo daily that he was not sure when the boiler was last inspected. READ MORE: Garment industry in Bangladesh threatened in wake of deadly attacks He said around 75 people had been scheduled to work the overnight shift. Saturday was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a weeklong holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha, which falls on Tuesday. The major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh’s government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country’s factories. © 2016 The Canadian Press Report an error Bangladesh explosion bangladesh factory Factory Explosion factory fire fire bangladesh Tampaco Foils factory Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Expert weighs in on 14-year-old girl who wins right to be cryogenically frozen WATCH NOW Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.

Police: Body of missing man in Union City found - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY News Tips Web Links North Georgia drought and wildfires Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Traffic Gas prices across metro Atlanta WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings CBS46 Chevy Weather Lab Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Viral Videos seen on CBS46 Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia Salvation Army Angel Tree CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Best Football Fan - #CBS46BFF Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Police: Body of missing man in Union City found Posted: Friday, September 9, 2016 9:43 PM EDT Updated: Friday, October 7, 2016 9:43 PM EDT By WGCL Digital Team Lester Jones (Source: Union City Police) UNION CITY, GA (CBS46) - Union City police say they believe they have found the body of a man who went missing on Sept. 1. Lester Jones went to Walmart on Sept. 1 around 5 p.m. and never returned home, according to his roommate. His roommate also said at the time that surveillance images of an ATM machine showed men trying to use Jones' credit card and driving around in his roommate's car. His body was found near an abandoned home on Cotter Drive in Union City Friday night. Police say they have ruled Jones' death a homicide and have multiple persons of interests in custody. Copyright 2016 WGCL-TV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.  Connect with CBS46 FultonMore>> Traffic crash closes EB I-20, all but one WB lane Traffic crash closes EB I-20, all but one WB lane Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:25 AM EST2016-11-18 15:25:03 GMT Source: GDOT A traffic crash on I-20 is affecting both sides of the highway. The eastbound lanes are completely shut down while only one lane is open heading westbound. More > A traffic crash on I-20 is affecting both sides of the highway. The eastbound lanes are completely shut down while only one lane is open heading westbound.More > Ongoing drought leads to outdoor watering restrictions across state Ongoing drought leads to outdoor watering restrictions across state Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 4:25 AM EST2016-11-18 09:25:27 GMT Latest on the drought in North Georgia. (SOURCE: WGCL) Governor Nathan Deal has approved restrictions on water use in Georgia as a result of the state's ongoing drought. More > Governor Nathan Deal has approved restrictions on water use in Georgia as a result of the state's ongoing drought. More > Nick Gordon faces $36M penalty in death of Bobbi Kristina Brown Nick Gordon faces $36M penalty in death of Bobbi Kristina Brown Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 5:08 PM EST2016-11-17 22:08:48 GMT Source: WGCL The court ruled Nick Gordon must pay more than $36 million in penalties to the family of Bobbi Kristina Brown as a result of her death. More > The court ruled Nick Gordon must pay more than $36 million in penalties to the family of Bobbi Kristina Brown as a result of her death.More > "This is unreal": John Lewis moved to tears accepting National Book Award "This is unreal": John Lewis moved to tears accepting National Book Award Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 1:04 PM EST2016-11-17 18:04:01 GMT Congressman John Lewis broke down as he accepted a National Book Award for March, the graphic novel he co-authored which recounted his firsthand tale of his involvement in the Civil Rights Movement. More > Congressman John Lewis broke down as he accepted a National Book Award for March, the graphic novel he co-authored which recounted his firsthand tale of his involvement in the Civil Rights Movement.More > Group alleges hate crimes spike against Muslims since Trump elected President Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:03 PM EST2016-11-17 17:03:15 GMT Source: WGCL There has been a disturbing surge in reported hate crimes since Donald Trump was elected. Muslim-Americans in particular have been targeted.More > There has been a disturbing surge in reported hate crimes since Donald Trump was elected. Muslim-Americans in particular have been targeted.More >    Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Boy stays calm; calls mother during home invasion Boy stays calm; calls mother during home invasion Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 5:01 AM EST2016-11-18 10:01:31 GMT Teens in home invasion (Source: Henry County Police) An 11 year-old boy kept his cool and calmed his mother over the phone as four teens broke into the family's home.  More > An 11 year-old boy kept his cool and calmed his mother over the phone as four teens broke into the family's home. More > Man senses trouble before Craigslist meet-up, instincts prove true Man senses trouble before Craigslist meet-up, instincts prove true Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 8:06 AM EST2016-11-17 13:06:26 GMT Source: WGCL A man who tried to purchase a vehicle from a Craigslist ad is recovering from severe injuries sustained during the meet-up and he says he sensed the attack.More > A man who tried to purchase a vehicle from a Craigslist ad is recovering from severe injuries sustained during the meet-up and he says he sensed the attack.More > Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:33 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More > Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More > Congressman John Conyers' son found in Texas Congressman John Conyers' son found in Texas Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:09 AM EST2016-11-18 12:09:34 GMT Carl Conyers Jr. (Source: MGN Online) The youngest son of longtime U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan, was found in Texas early Friday morning, according to Houston police.  More > The youngest son of longtime U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan, was found in Texas early Friday morning, according to Houston police. More > Sexual assault reported at Gwinnett County elementary school Sexual assault reported at Gwinnett County elementary school Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 5:58 AM EST2016-11-18 10:58:59 GMT Source: WGCL CBS46 is exposing allegations of an alleged sexual assault at Level Creek Elementary School in Gwinnett County. More > CBS46 is exposing allegations of an alleged sexual assault at Level Creek Elementary School in Gwinnett County.More >    News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2016 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Wal-Mart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun By Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Buy HSIL; target of Rs 431: Arihant Capital - India's share in global herbal medicinal market is 0.5%: Govt News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Sep 10, 2016, 04.06 PM | Source: Reuters Wal-Mart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wal-Mart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Wal-Mart Stores Inc on Friday said it will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India after the Indian manufacturer was unable to assure them the products were authentic. Last month, US retailer Target Corp severed ties with Welspun after accusing them of passing off cheap sheets as premium Egyptian cotton for two years. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable," Wal-Mart said in a statement. The company will pull the products from its stores and website. Wal-Mart said it will not cut ties with Welspun but will work with them to implement strong controls and better label the products. The retailer will offer customers, who purchased the products, a full refund. Egyptian cotton is prized because the length of the cotton fibers are longer, resulting in a finer, lighter more durable fabric and longer-lasting, higher-end clothing. Tags  Reuters Wal-Mart stop selling Welspun India Related Stories Welspun India shares extend fall, dip over 4% on Q2 net loss Welspun India yesterday reported a consolidated ne Will continue to have double-digit growth next year: Welspun In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Altaf Jiwani, CFO at Welspun Q2 net loss at Rs 147.52 cr on Egyptian Cotton issue Its income from operations in the quarter under re Welspun to closely monitor its Egyptian cotton business The steps to be initiated include deployment of a Welspun India: Outcome of board meeting Welspun India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board Set email alert for Welspun India : Set Alert Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wal-Mart stops selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News #Cartoon: A poor man of India carrying a cross Delta Corp up 5% as Rakesh Jhunjhunwala buys shares Leading BPO HGS is unfazed by Trump win, optimistic about growth Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? Air India to induct two A320 neos in January Rabi sowing: Wheat area up slightly; pulses acreage rises 6.5% India to levy tax on investments from Cyprus from April 2017 Demonetisation to lower GDP growth by 0.3-0.5%: CARE Ratings Banks to take one-day break from currency exchange on Saturday See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #null null null Michael Flynn: Everything You Need to Know Top Stories My Stories Trump Offers CIA Director Post to Congressman Lt. General Tapped for National Security Adviser How Nepotism Law Might Affect Trump's White House Obama Urges European Leaders to Work With Trump Hundreds of O'Hare Airport Workers Vote to Strike Volkswagen to Shed 30,000 Jobs Prosecutor: Suspect in Bomb Attacks Talked to FBI for Days China, US Militaries Stage Joint Humanitarian Relief Drill Legal Pot Brings Temporary Tax Break for Some Train Derails in Netherlands, Causing Injuries but No Deaths #null null null Trump 'Absolutely' Open to Naming Former Rivals to Cabinet: Adviser How Trump's Transition Compares With Recent Presidents' #null null null Police Officer Punches Woman in Face, Video Shows No Reasonable Officer Would Have Killed Castile: Prosecutor #null null null 2 Bus Drivers Claim Same Supervisor Sexually Harassed Them at Work #null null null Madaya Mom Donald Trump Transitions to the Presidency Politics More News Woman Appeals Rape Lawsuit Against Derrick Rose Justice Thomas Calls Conservatives to Continue Scalia's Work Michigan May Require Lead Screening of Children Trump Attorneys to Argue for Delay in Trump University Trial Boy Charged in Parents' Deaths Could Face Life in Prison JPMorgan Chase to Pay $264M in Bribery Case Missing Washington Couple, 2 Children Found Alive Director of National Intelligence Resigns Fed Chair Defends Dodd-Frank, Pledges Full Term Johnny Manziel Reaches Deal on Assault Case #null null null Obama Hopes Trump Will 'Stand Up' to Russia if Necessary Europe's Top Cop Fears Blowback From ISIS 'Squeeze' #null null null 1 Dead, 12 Injured After Gas Explosion in Illinois Police Believe Body Found in NJ Likely That of Missing Man Happy Thanksgiving More News Brendan Dassey to Remain in Prison Pending Appeal ISIS Attacks as Poor Visibility Slows Iraqi Advance Zoo's Gorilla Enclosure Did Not Meet USDA Standards Teacher Fired After She Is Heard Using Racial Slur Study on NFL Player Safety Calls for Outside Doctors Beyond Rooms: Airbnb Adding Tours and Activities Trump Son-in-Law Hasn't Applied for WH Role: Adviser Appeals Court Rejects Lawsuit Against California Egg Law McDonald's Expanding Table Service Nearly 21M in US Have Substance Use Disorder: Report #null null null Abandoned $85M Hotel Complex in Kabul Guarded on US Taxpayers' Dime Applications for US Unemployment Aid Fall to 43-Year Low #null null null Slow-Cooker Recipes to Be Thankful for This Thanksgiving TSA Chief Says the Agency Is Ready for the Holiday Rush #null null null Kimberly Williams-Paisley's Mother Has Died Brian Austin Green Posts Adorable Photos of His Sons #null null null Judge Awards Damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Jennifer Lopez Recalls What She Wore in Labor With Her Twins #null null null #null null null Charlie Sheen's Ex, 2 Children Safe: Officials Corbin Bleu Talks Life as a Newlywed #null null null 'Fantastic Beasts' Will Keep You Coming Back for More 'Duck Dynasty' to End After Current Season #null null null In Case You Missed It #null null null #null null null Ryan Phillippe Opens Up on Co-Parenting With Reese Witherspoon During Holidays Review: Sting's Latest Album Is His Best Since 1996 #null null null Brian Austin Green Shares Pics of His Smiling Family Nick Jonas Shares Sweet Pic With New Baby Niece Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Previous Next At least 23 people killed in explosion and fire at Bangladeshi packaging factory that supplies firms including Nestle and British American Tobacco  Dozens more have been injured the massive blast near Dhaka which happened earlier this morning  The fire spread very quickly because a large amount of flammable chemicals were stored at the factory 50 people could be injured - at least six burns victims at local hospital were in a critical condition It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring the blaze under control after a boiler reportedly exploded Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh following 2013 incident in which 1,135 people died By Paddy Dinham For Mailonline Published: 08:27 EST, 10 September 2016 | Updated: 12:46 EST, 10 September 2016 e-mail 512 shares 5 View comments A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens, officials said. Fire officials said that the explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka was huge, and that the fire spread quickly because flammable chemicals were stored at the factory. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in critical condition, said Mohammed Bacchu Mia, a police official at the hospital. He confirmed that at least 23 people had died. Scroll down for video. A boiler exploded and triggered a fire at a packaging factory near Bangladesh's capital, killing at least 23 workers and injuring dozens, officials said Fire officials said that the explosion at the five-story Tampaco Foils Ltd. factory in the Tongi industrial area outside Dhaka was huge The fire triggered by the blast spread very quickly because there were flammable chemicals that were stored inside the factory Firefighters are silhouetted against smoke as they work to put out a fire at a packaging factory. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Seabed 'lifts' out of the water following NZ earthquake Watch video Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Watch video New Zealand earthquake transforms road into cliff Watch video Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Watch video Shocking moment police officer brutally punches woman in face Watch video Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Watch video Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Watch video Baltimore teacher calls black 8th graders 'punk a-- n----s' Watch video Steven Mnuchin: 'A lot of exciting things in the first hundred days' Watch video Mayor Bill de Blasio talked 'stop and frisk' with Trump Watch video NYPD has person of interest in custody for Joey Comunale's murder Local TV stations said about 50 people were injured in all, as smoke billowed from the factory and the fire engulfed part of the upper floors. Factory safety is a major concern in Bangladesh, which has thousands of garment and packaging factories that supply products to global chains like Wal-Mart and H&M.  In 2012, a fire at a garment factory in a Dhaka suburb killed 112 workers.  A year later, a commercial complex near Dhaka housing five garment factories collapsed, killing 1,135 people, Bangladesh's worst industrial disaster. Firefighters on a ladder spray water to put out the fire. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further An injured person rescued from a fire is taken into an ambulance. At least six of the 14 people being treated for burns at Dhaka Medical College and Hospital were in critical condition Firefighters and local people work together to put out the fire. It took nearly five hours to bring the massive blaze under control Firefighters spray water to put out the fire. It was not immediately clear what caused the explosion, which occurred at around 6 a.m. Authorities have ordered an investigation into how exactly the fire started. major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories  It took firefighters nearly five hours to bring Saturday's blaze under control. Huge piles of burned materials and chemicals had to be removed from the building to prevent the fire from spreading further, officials said. Authorities have since ordered an investigation as to how exactly the fire broke out, but it is believed to have started when a boiler exploded. Syed Mokbul Hossain, the owner of the Tampaco Foils factory, told the Bengali-language Prothom Alo daily that he was not sure when it was last inspected. It was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a weeklong holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha   A body of a fire victim is carried in to a makeshift morgue after the horrific fire in which 23 people have so far died The bodies are lined up, as officials and desperate civilians try to identify anyone from the remains Another body is carried by emergency services towards the makeshift morgue following the horrific fire that has so far claimed 23 lives Two women embrace as they watch the terror unflold, but it is a scene that Bangladeshis know only two well following recent fires He said around 75 people had been scheduled to work the overnight shift.  Saturday was the last working day at the factory before the workers were to go on leave for a weeklong holiday for the Islamic festival of Eid al-Adha, which falls on Tuesday. The major factory accidents in 2012 and 2013 prompted Bangladesh's government, global brands and the United Nations to work together to try to improve safety standards in the South Asian country's factories. The devastated man pictured looks on in horror as the flames engulf the Tampaco Foils factory in the area on Tongi, near Dhaka Firefighters work with locals in a desperate bid to try and put out the fire during the five-hour battle after a boiler exploded A woman prays for some good news after the devastating fire, which is not the first in Bangladesh's industrial areas in recent years Volunteers use a hose as makeshift equipment to try and get into the building and rescue survivors, while in the background people can be seen climbing a ladder Share or comment on this article e-mail 512 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Fire at Walmart store in Vijayawada M Somasekhar   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet The Hindu A view of the Walmart Best Price shop near Vijayawada. File Photo Services are temporarily now offered through Guntur Best Price store and Best Price website. Hyderabad, Sep 10:   Walmart, the global retail chain suffered a minor fire accident in its wholesale store in Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh early on Saturday morning. A fire broke out at the Best Price store premises in Vijayawada. State Fire authorities quickly reached the store and brought the situation under control. There was no loss of life, company spokesperson said. “We are assessing the damage to the property and investigating the matter. Fortunately no employee suffered injuries and all are safe,” he said. Our Business Continuity Plan which handles such issues, quickly restored the store activities and ensured continuity in service.Services are now offered through Guntur Best Price store and Best Price website temporarily, he added. The fire had engulfed considerable parts of the large format store, set up a couple of years ago..Officials suspect short circuit. The store near Vijayawada is one of the first 20 Best modern wholesale stores established, owned and operated by Walmart India across the country. The company has plans to increase the number to 50 in the next couple of years with a few more in Andhra Pradesh. (This article was published on September 10, 2016) Related TOPICS Andhra Pradesh | Vijayawada | disaster and accident | fire | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » Most Popular    People are affected, there may be riots: Supreme Court    SC Collegium refuses to accept govt.'s rejection of 43 names for HC judges    As it happened: RS, LS adjourned till Monday    Now, withdraw money from petrol pumps    Centre further opens the cash tap MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED ‘Which farmer will use Paytm to transfer money?’ Nine days on, queues continue to form outside banks, ATMs in Mumbai Cash crunch: Why Telangana is unhappy Long queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC I-T Karnataka & Goa circle detects unaccounted income of Rs 16 cr AP to generate 4,000 MWs of solar power Rs 1 cr deposited in BJP account before demonetisation, alleges CPI (M) Unions condemn violence at SBI branches over ‘loans write-off’ Currency recall to hit tax revenues by half, says Kerala FM Singing the regional connectivity tune Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Telit unveils ‘Internet of Things’ modules Zoho launches made-in-rural software 5 min. ago Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps 1 hr. 14 min. ago Govt proposes strict penalty, jail term for Ponzi operators 1 hr. 15 min. ago NHPC Q2 net up 28% on higher output 1 hr. 21 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in National Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps Nearly 700 petrol pumps across the country today started dispensing cash through debit card swipe in a bid to ease the cash crunch in th... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
20° 20° Durango, Colorado Summary: Mixed precipitation on Monday and Tuesday, with temperatures peaking at 57° on Sunday. Currently 20° Weather data from the Durango Herald and darksky.net Fri High: 47º Low: 17º Clear throughout the day. 0% chance of precipitation Sat High: 53º Low: 21º Partly cloudy in the afternoon. 0% chance of precipitation Sun High: 57º Low: 30º Light rain overnight. 1% chance of precipitation Mon High: 48º Low: 36º Rain throughout the day. 79% chance of precipitation Tue High: 44º Low: 16º Light snow in the morning. 52% chance of precipitation Wed High: 47º Low: 10º Partly cloudy overnight. 0% chance of precipitation Full Forecast Homepage News Local/Region Education Health Southwest Life Travel Nation & World Sports Outdoors Business Real Estate Arts & Entertainment Food Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to the Editor Columns Videos Galleries Webcams Obituaries Obituaries Calendar Classifieds Classifieds eEditions Print Ads Subscribe Search the Durango Herald The Blotter Local News The Blotter Friday, Sept. 9, 2016 2:45 PM Durango Police Thursday 10:10 a.m. Political signs were vandalized near Crestview Drive and Montview Parkway. 11:15 a.m. A drunken man passed out on a bench in Walmart. 2:28 p.m. A drunken man was harassing customers in the parking lot of Serious Texas Bar-B-Q, 650 South Camino del Rio. 5:34 p.m. Several people were throwing fireworks and revving motorcycles at the La Plata County Fairgrounds. 6:08 p.m. A man walked by a woman’s car and scanned it with some device, according to a report in the 900 block of Main Avenue. 10:45 p.m. Someone reported hearing a firearm discharge and then hearing a shell casing hit the ground at the Hillcrest Apartments, 1000 Goeglein Gulch Road. Reader Comments More Local News Durango will get its water this winter solely from the Animas River Juniper School receives startup grant Durango-La Plata County Airport terminal plan may be scaled back Durango Coupons a1 a2 More Herald Video & Photos Video: Bureau of Reclamation working on rehabilitating Lemon Dam. Video: Project Merry Christmas Video: Standing Rock supporters protest against Dakota Access Pipeline in Durango Gallery: Neighbors - Habitat wine tasting Gallery: Escape room Animas High School students have created an escape room. Community Calendar click here to add your event Durango ~ Events Add Events Full Calendar Most Popular Most Recent District 9-R vehicles not allowed to travel Red Mountain Pass Winter storm offers hope for Purgatory Resort’s Saturday opening Chain law in effect on Molas Pass Getting a flu shot is nobody’s idea of fun, but we’re all... Editorial cartoon Durango will get its water this winter solely from the Animas River More Local News Durango will get its water this winter solely from the Animas River Juniper School receives startup grant Durango-La Plata County Airport terminal plan may be scaled back Durango Coupons a1 a2 More Herald Video & Photos Video: Bureau of Reclamation working on rehabilitating Lemon Dam. Video: Project Merry Christmas Video: Standing Rock supporters protest against Dakota Access Pipeline in Durango Gallery: Neighbors - Habitat wine tasting Gallery: Escape room Animas High School students have created an escape room. Most Popular Most Recent District 9-R vehicles not allowed to travel Red Mountain Pass Winter storm offers hope for Purgatory Resort’s Saturday opening Chain law in effect on Molas Pass Getting a flu shot is nobody’s idea of fun, but we’re all... Editorial cartoon Durango will get its water this winter solely from the Animas River Community Calendar click here to add your event Durango ~ Events Add Events Full Calendar Ballantine Communications, Inc. Durango Herald The Journal Pine River Times Adventure Pro DGO 4FlagTV Southwest Scene Dorado Four Corners Expos Durango Herald The Journal Pine River Times Adventure Pro DGO Dorado 4FlagTV Southwest Scene Directory Plus Four Corners Expos Contact Us News Tip Letters to the Editor Feedback Suspend/Report Missing Paper Advertise with Us Staff/Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Subscribe Sign up for text alerts on your mobile phone. Click here! Sign up for daily headlines and/or breaking news email alerts Daily headlines Breaking news Choose from several print and digital subscription packages Current subscriber? Click here! © 2016 The Durango Herald | Ballantine Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY /media/latest/news/ More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY /media/latest/news/ social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 10 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Public Record: Health inspections The Fairfield County Environmental Health Office has released area restaurant inspections. Post to Facebook Public Record: Health inspections The Fairfield County Environmental Health Office has released area restaurant inspections.  Check out this story on lancastereaglegazette.com: http://ohne.ws/2cMz5q9 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Public Record: Health inspections 12:06 a.m. EDT September 10, 2016 The Fairfield County Department Health Environmental Health Office has released area restaurant inspections. File photo 10 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Inspections are from Sept. 15 to 19 Tallmadge School, 694 Tallmadge Ave., Lancaster, Aug. 15. No violations. Angler’s Paradise Lake Club, 4482 Paradise Road SE, Sugar Grove, Aug. 15. Violations: Foods prepared in a private home were found in a cooler with items to be offered for consumption in the operation. Handlebar and Grill, 201 S. Main St., Sugar Grove, Aug. 15. Violations: The ceiling and walls in the rear storage area were not smooth and easily cleanable and insulation was not covered. Floors near the ice bin at the bar were not smooth and easily cleanable. The counter top in the kitchen and the cabinet over the three-compartment sink were not in good repair. Italian House Subs, 182 E. Sixth Ave., Lancaster, Aug. 15. Violations: The color indicators on the test kit at three compartment sink were not working. Tomato seeds were on the slicer found in clean storage. A gap was observed in the plastic covering between the ceiling and hood system. Wal-Mart, 2687 N. Memorial Drive, Lancaster, Aug. 16. Violations: Dish scrubbers found in the bakery were on top of the clean knife rack. A leak was found in the grocery walk-in freezer which resulted in buildup of ice. McDonald’s, 1401 N. Memorial Drive, Lancaster, Aug. 16. Violations: An employee was drinking in a non-designated area. Ready-to-eat foods were not properly protected from contamination (critical). Hot water was not provided at a hand-washing sink. A hand-washing sink was being used for purposes other than hand washing (critical). A buildup of debris was observed on the kitchen floor. Standing water was found in the corner of the walk-in cooler. Max and Erma’s Restaurant, 2703 N. Memorial Drive, Lancaster, Aug. 16. Violations: An employee was observed switching from handling dirty dishes with bare hands to working with clean dishes without washing hands (critical). The items in the reach-in cooler, salad-prep station, and the top sections of the fryer, burger and grill-prep station were not at the proper temperature (critical). The person-in-charge must fax or email necessary work documentation on the units. Cutting boards were found with severe scoring and discoloration. Food debris was observed on clean equipment items and on the clean side of the dishwasher drain board. The dipper well drain was broken in the kitchen ice cream area. A small drip was observed in the ceiling from air-conditioning unit above the kitchen area. Kanji Japanese Steakhouse, 1715 N. Memorial Drive, Lancaster, Aug. 16. Violations: Chicken was at 58 degrees and rice was at 80 degrees (critical). The gallon pitchers being used do not meet code requirements. Equipment and utensils are not being air dried. Unnecessary or nonfunctional items and litter were found on the premises. Fairfield Fish and Game, 2270 Bickel Church Road NW, Baltimore, Aug. 16. No violations. Valley View Clubs, Inc. (shelter house), 1511 George Road NE, Lancaster, Aug. 17. No violations. Lancaster Girls Softball Association, 675 Lincoln Ave., Lancaster, Aug. 17. No violations. Valley View Clubs, Inc. (clubhouse), 1511 George Road NE, Lancaster, Aug. 17. No violations. Bremen Drive-In, 51 Angel St., Bremen, Aug. 17. No violations. Kroger, 7833 Refugee Road, Pickerington, Aug. 18. Violations: Shellstock tags for the past 90 days were not observed in plastic bag used for seafood tags; shellstock tags and fish tags need to be stored in chronological order separately (critical). Ice buildup was observed in the walk-in grocery freezer and on some boxes. Observed meat room FRP panel separating in back right corner of meat room. In the back corner of the meat room a fiberglass reinforced plastic panel was found separating. Water sampling results were not available for the bulk water machines (critical). Twin City Frozen Foods, 114 Mulberry St., Baltimore, Aug. 18. No violations. Kwik Pak, 8513 Refugee Road, Pickerington, Aug. 18. Violations: A three-compartment sink was not available to wash the coffee urn. Baymont Inn and Suites, 1721 River Valley Circle N, Lancaster, Aug. 18. Violations: Written procedures were not available for the waffle batter and French toast. A wooden shelf was observed under the microwave. The plastic food containers used in the microwave were blistered and no longer cleanable. PT’s Beverage Station, 522 N. Main St., Baltimore, Aug. 18. Violations: The ice cream novelties from the owner’s ice cream shop were not labeled. Grapevine Pizza, 8581-8583 Refugee Road, Pickerington, Aug. 18. Violations: An employee entered the kitchen, ate food at the prep line and then returned to prep without washing their hands (critical). An employee was observed eating at the prep line and the person-in-charge was drinking and placing a drink cup on the prep line. The person-in-charge could not state required temperatures and times for cooling and reheating of chili (critical). Jai Guruji, LLC, 1112 S. Broad St., Lancaster, Aug. 19. Violations: A 30-day inspection and standard inspection were conducted. The partition wall was not installed. The enclosure where the hood and fryer were previously located has not been constructed. Note: The operation has not completed the required construction stated in the prelicense inspection. The operator must complete work within 30 days. McDonald’s, 1451 E. Main St., Lancaster, Aug. 19. Violations: An inspection was conducted as the result of a complaint. The order buttons on the prep area are not intact, tight or properly adjusted. The surfaces of the cutting blocks or boards, at prep cooler near ice machine, were severely scratched or scored. To see more, visit the Lancaster Eagle-Gazette data center at www.lancastereaglegazette.com/news/data-center/.This summary, compiled from reports from healthspace.com/clients/ohio/fairfield/web.nsf,reflects conditions found on the date of the inspection and does not necessarily reflect conditions at all times. Inspection reports can be viewed in their entirety at the Fairfield County Department of Health, 1550 Sheridan Drive, Suite 100, Lancaster. 10 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2cMz5q9 TOP VIDEOS LHS planetarium celebrates golden anniversary 2:50 Why body cameras fail 0:55 Chipotle opens country's first Tasty Made restaurant in Lancaster 0:22 Man finds, rebuilds car he built in 1963, sold in 1974 2:08 Police video shows response to 'armed' man 1:37 Gears and stones being installed at Rock Mill 0:51 Body found in cornfield near Pleasantville 0:46 Making apple cider the old fashioned way, sorta 1:18 Mount Pleasant rescue training 0:44 Old grandstand demolished after fire 0:42 Fire destroys historic grandstand 0:48 Local farm harvests freshwater prawns 1:00 Inspectors check for card skimmers at gas stations 1:39 Local prawn farm prepares for harvest 1:24 Couple talks about how grief counseling helped their families 3:01 Girl donates birthday presents to dog shelter 1:37 Horse paints way into woman's heart 3:15 Where are the sidewalks on Sheridan Drive? 0:51 Man shot by deputy during domestic dispute 1:13 Pickerington Post 283 battles back to win state title 1:33 Pickerington Post 283 ignites vs Sidney 1:29 Aerial training for OUL's Wizard of Oz 0:23 Lancaster Ghostbuster 1:11 Prosecutor details Bridget Kuhn's crimes 4:21 Special prosecutor speaks after mayor's wife sentenced to prison 3:30 Lancaster native, marine earns promotion 1:39 Lancaster Police SRT Training 1:05 Scenes from Lancaster Soap Box Derby 0:40 RAW VIDEO: Attorneys speak after mayor's felony arraignment 6:40 RAW VIDEO: Lancaster Mayor Brian Kuhn arraigned on felony charges 3:55 Utica Legion breaks loose vs. Lancaster 1:41 Camp Invention 1:00 Bridget Kuhn pleads guilty to 11 felonies 4:14 Tarhe Trails principal bikes into pond 1:09 Buckeye Lake dam stop log installation 2:25 Berne Union vs. Ridgedale district highlights 1:18 Berne Union softball advances to district final 0:59 Pitching, defense highlight Watkins, Lancaster classic 2:09 Students raise money for classmate, cut teachers' hair 1:58 Wagnalls Memorial Library to revamp gardens 1:31 Collapse kills contractor at Anchor Hocking 3:55 Local church continues sweet Easter tradition 0:57 New digital poll books ready for Tuesday's election 1:17 Local company dedicated to keeping old clocks on time 2:46 Teachers hope interactive lessons helps prep students for tests and future 3:02 Special prosecutor speaks after court hearing for mayor's wife 5:33 Dexter reflects on Fairfield Christian's fantastic season 1:11 Lancaster's Deluse secures semifinal victory 0:31 Conley leads Fairfield Christian vs NC 0:33 Couple celebrates 70th anniversary with White Castle, the place they first met 0:10 Pleasant vs. Amanda-Clearcreek highlights 2:05 RAW VIDEO: Law enforcement leaders endorse Witt for prosecutor 50:26 Making pizza at Diamond Jim's 1:11 Lancaster starts fast vs Newark 0:44 Fairfield Christian makes late charge 0:55 Amanda-Clearcreek highlights 0:46 More than 50 dogs seized from Rushville home 2:48 Aerobics is good exercise, even if you can't dance 0:49 Investigator and special prosecutor speak after mayor's wife arraigned 4:03 Family survives house fire, picks through rubble 1:43 Highlights from the Bridget Kuhn press conference 9:57 RAW VIDEO: Bridget Kuhn press conference 27:47 Millersport boys basketball highlights vs Heath 0:35 Fatal Fire 0:55 Berne Union boys basketball highlights vs Lakewood 0:41 Reporter collects trash 1:19 Dog killed after attacking police officer 1:38 Confidence high in quick dam construction timetable 1:25 Reporter takes on line dancing 1:15 Local man creates 'Back to the Future' railroad set 1:55 World's top Halloween destinations will freak you out! 1:49 World's top Halloween destinations will freak you out! 1:49 Calf born at fair draws crowds 0:56 Fairfield County Fair Beef Cook Off 1:19 Budweiser Clydesdales entertain crowds 0:35 Students program robots to travel Twister board 0:29 Students cleanup graffiti, create art 0:40 Students cleanup graffiti, create art 0:40 Mudhouse Mansion 2:24 PAL teaches boxing to community 1:02 Raw video of man being shocked in Fairfield County Courthouse 4:52 Young Professionals of Lancaster 1:52 Bloom-Carroll defeats Bexley 0:38 Bloom-Carroll defeats John Glenn 0:47 Ex-girlfriend of man arrested on federal child porn charges speaks 1:45 Fairfield Union football scrimmage highlights 0:50 Hilltop Haven Community opens in Clearcreek Twp. 1:32 Local WWII pilot talks about flying over "the Hump" 3:00 Rising Park Day 0:49 Agent 99 0:31 Shane Ronan 2:19 Lancaster Post 11 Juniors highlights 0:57 Wrestling Preview 1:39 Man calls 911 call from basement of burning house 4:02 Fire survivors react to being trapped in blaze 1:19 Derby Downs Races 1:48 First same sex couple to get marriage license in county reacts 0:56 Summer Science Fun 0:41 Pickerington Post 283 vs Lancaster Post 11 highlights 0:57 Who's a better grocery shopper men or women? Watch the challenge to fine out 3:54 More Stories ODOT: Driving high is rampant Nov. 17, 2016, 5:04 p.m. Ohio taps students for help in opiate fight Nov. 17, 2016, 1:55 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 18, 2016, 8:43 a.m. Lancaster natives earn Emmy awards Nov. 16, 2016, 9:37 a.m.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Crime & Courts September 9, 2016 11:13 PM Caught on camera, police want your help identifying these three men Three suspects wanted in connection to the armed robbery of the Harbison Wal-Mart Thursday, September 8, 2016. Photos provided by the Columbia Police Department One of three suspects wanted in connection to the armed robbery of the Harbison Wal-Mart Thursday, September 8, 2016. Photo provided by the Columbia Police Department Three suspects wanted in connection to the armed robbery of the Harbison Wal-Mart Thursday, September 8, 2016. Photo provided by the Columbia Police Department One of three suspects wanted in connection to the armed robbery of the Harbison Wal-Mart Thursday, September 8, 2016. Photo provided by the Columbia Police Department One of three suspects wanted in connection to the armed robbery of the Harbison Wal-Mart Thursday, September 8, 2016. Photo provided by the Columbia Police Department 1 of 5 i Posted by Rachael Myers Lowe rlowe@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC Just before midnight Thursday night, three masked men strolled through the doors at the Harbison Wal-mart at 360 Harbison Boulevard and demanded money at gunpoint, police said. Columbia police released surveillance photos Friday night in hopes the public can help identify the three suspects. If you know who anyof these men are, you are asked to call CrimeStoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC, text CRIMES (274637) and mark the beginning of the message with “TIPSC” followed by the tip information, or log onto www.midlandscrimestoppers.com and click on the red “Submit a tip” tab.   Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime & Courts Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:29 Gov. Nikki Haley on 'Fight Song' Pause 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 1:45 Senior moments: Gamecocks reflect on careers 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 1:52 Game preview: A chance to reach bowl eligibility with an exclamation point 9:33 Dabo Swinney previews Clemson vs. Wake Forest 0:50 How winning helps South Carolina in the recruiting process 3:18 Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards of Prosperity discusses his past, present, future 6:48 Fork & Goal: Catamount Shoulder boulders 1:16 A tour of a new mobile home for October 2015 flood survivors Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 15 hours ago 'I've never been out here in 43 years' 0:59 15 hours ago 'I've never been out here in 43 years' 1:34 3 days ago Deputies enlist businesses to fight drugs and other illegal activity 2:12 6 days ago Kassy Alia draws strength from support View more video Crime & Courts Lexington dog abuse suspect identified and owner arrested Air quality improves in the Midlands, games to go on as planned Suspect sought in fatal Camden shooting 'I've never been out here in 43 years' Roof death penalty jury selection could start Nov. 28 Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Cramer: The market cannot rally until retail snaps back CNBC 9/9/2016 Abigail Stevenson Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Cramer: The market cannot rally until retail snaps back CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT While retail stocks are not as important as health care, technology or finance, they still punch above their weight. The stocks have now become so visible and so disturbing that Jim Cramer is worried.  "I would be kidding you if I said I wasn't worried. All I can say is, this group needs to snap out of its funk or the stocks will only get worse," the "Mad Money" host said. Quotes in the article Dollar General Corp DG ▼ 76.89 -0.02 -0.02% HD Supply Holdings Inc HDS ▲ 38.40 +0.06 +0.16% Dick's Sporting Goods Inc DKS ▲ 58.99 +0.21 +0.36% The Home Depot Inc HD ▼ 128.52 -0.41 -0.32% The sudden decline in retail seemed almost untenable to Cramer. The idea that the sector could just be resting before its next move higher seemed like wishful thinking to him. The first sign of trouble came when the momentum retailers stalled out or were caught in strong headwinds. Ulta Salon (ULTA) was one of the fastest growing retailers out there but fell 2 percent on Friday. More from Jim Cramer and other top money experts Dollar Tree (DLTR) and Dollar General (DG) also collapsed when they missed earnings estimates and cut guidance due to competition. "In fact, (Dollar General) point blank cut prices on 400 products to stay ahead of a newly energized Wal-Mart (WMT). That's disastrous," Cramer said. Specialty players L Brands (LB), Urban Outfitters (URBN), Foot Locker (FL) and Dick's (DKS) were the only stocks not pulled down by the gravitation of retail, but Cramer still worried that they could fall. Investors once thought that housing-related stocks were the safest in retail. But then HD Supply (HDS) and Tractor Supply (TSCO) reported weak quarters, and have managed to bring down Home Depot (HD), too. Discounters and close outs are the only group that Cramer believes in. His charitable trust just purchased TJX (TJX) because it looks like a solid play going into the holidays and a place for Macy's (M) to dispose of merchandise when it closes 100 stores. © Provided by CNBC However, the weak quarter reported by Pier 1 (PIR) could also pull it down. The only winner, according to Cramer, is Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI). The nastiest of the bunch were the department stores, with Macy's wallowing, Kohl's (KSS) slipping away, and Nordstrom (JWN) losing momentum from its last quarter. Ultimately, retail must snap back, or Cramer fears that the entire stock market could only get worse. If positive news surfaces surrounding back to school season, it could reverse. "Right now all I can hear when I think about retail is King Midas in reverse. That is not the direction you want if you believe that this market can go higher without first having a more pronounced decline, like we saw today," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Kroger cuts sales forecast on falling prices Grocer says it was hurt by falling prices for eggs, meats and other products Post to Facebook Kroger cuts sales forecast on falling prices Grocer says it was hurt by falling prices for eggs, meats and other products  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2cdRw3j {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Kroger cuts sales forecast on falling prices Associated Press 9:44 p.m. EDT September 9, 2016 Kroger said it expects the price weakness to continue into next year, but CEO Rodney McMullen said that it “won’t last forever.” (Photo: David J. Phillip / AP) Cincinnati – — Kroger reported weaker-than-expected revenue Friday and said it was hurt by falling prices for eggs, meats and other products, forcing it to lower its sales forecast for the year. The supermarket operator said it expects the price weakness to continue into next year, but CEO Rodney McMullen expressed confidence that it “won’t last forever.” Shares of Kroger Co. were up slightly at $31.32 in Friday trading. Kroger Chief Financial Officer Mike Schlotman told business news channel CNBC that the drop in prices for eggs, meats and milk have affected the price of ice cream and other products that use such ingredients. Kroger, based in Cincinnati, has nearly 2,800 grocery stores around the country, including its namesake Kroger as well as Ralphs and Dillons. Like other grocers, Kroger has also been trying to keep prices low to fend off competition. Analysts have noted the increasingly competitive environment in the grocery industry, with chains such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. pushing aggressively to win over customers with lower prices. Restaurant groups including Wendy’s have also said cheaper groceries have crimped their business, because people are opting to eat at home more as a result. For the second quarter ended Aug. 13, Kroger said sales rose 1.7 percent at locations open at least 15 months. The metric is considered a key indicator of financial health because it strips out the impact of newly opened and closed locations. For the full year, the company said it expects sales to be up 1.4 percent to 1.8 percent. That’s down from its previous forecast for growth of 2.5-3.5 percent. Kroger’s profit for the second quarter fell nearly 12 percent to $383 million, or 40 cents per share, as it made changes to its employee pensions. A year ago, it earned $433 million, or 44 cents per share. Earnings, adjusted for non-recurring costs, were 47 cents per share, beating the 45 cents per share Wall Street expected, according to Zacks Investment Research. Total revenue rose 4 percent to $26.57 billion in the period, which missed Wall Street’s forecast for $26.78 billion. Kroger said it now expects earnings for the year between $2.10 per share and $2.20 per share. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2cdRw3j TOP VIDEOS Mary Barra, Michiganian of the Year 2:39 GM opens new Company Store at Renaissance Center 1:54 Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48
Follow @triplepundit 45.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Events Companies Vs Climate Change This event is intended for any professional at any company who is involved in the process of decreasing their company’s carbon footprint and is part of the effort to solve climate change. Ask about 3p discounts! register now Nov 30-Dec 2, Ft. Lauderdale Twitter Chat: #ForcedFashion with C&A Foundation Join C&A Foundation on December 5th where we’ll be looking at forced labor – an issue that still plagues supply chains around the world. register now Dec 5 on Twitter More Events… Close Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health How Cotton Goes Beyond Fabric, Sustainably In this series we’ll explore the lesser-known uses of the versatile cotton plant, insights into its environmental impact, and its complex supply chain which extends from around the world to the couch you might be sitting on right now. Sponsored by Cotton Incorporated Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium Nationwide, Prisoners Strike Over Slave Wages, Living Conditions by Jen Boynton on Friday, Sep 9th, 2016 Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Inmates at Orleans Parish Prison in Louisiana A nationwide strike of inmates in 40 facilities in 24 states kicked off Friday morning. The strike was coordinated by IWW Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee (IWOC) according to an announcement from the the organization. The strike comes on the 45th anniversary of the prisoner protest and takeover at Attica Correctional Facility in Attica, NY. In a statement, the IWOC likens prisons to modern slave holding pens, where prisoners are forced to work for little or no pay. They may have replaced the whip with pepper spray, but many of the other torments remain: isolation, restraint positions, stripping off our clothes and investigating our bodies as though we are animals. In federal prisons, prisoners earn 12 to 40 cents an hour and in Texas, Arkansas and Georgia they earn nothing at all. Jobs include everything from groundskeeping to janitorial services to preparing and serving meals. In addition to maintaining the prison, common jobs also include labor to benefit private corporations from Walmart to Victoria’s Secret. Prisoners even farm tilapia for Whole Foods and fight forest fires in California. Alongside these corporate jobs, which exist to bring in revenue for the contractors who run the prisons, prison conditions have weakened due to overcrowding, continued cost constraints and a general lack of care. In Louisiana, prisoners sued for the right to A/C after interior temperatures rose into the hundreds, resulting a myriad of health impacts. NPR recently chronicled the rise of ramen noodles as the currency of choice as prison officials limit the quantity and quality of food provided in cafeterias. A rash of deaths at Nassau County correctional facility brought that facility’s private health contractor into the limelight for inadequate care. Basically, conditions are pretty terrible nationwide, even considering that we’re talking about prison. People are inclined to strike when they feel they have no other option and nothing to lose. What’s interesting about this strike is the coordinated effort between facilities, which seemingly took months to coordinate via contraband cell phones, sympathetic family on the outside, and secret social media accounts like this protected Twitter account from the Free Alabama Movement and its associated YouTube page, where video from a contraband cellphone captures an inmate describing prison officials’ efforts to keep a food poisoning outbreak under wraps: Despite months of preparation, the strike is still extremely risky. Cole Dorsey, an IWOC organizer in the Bay Area, explained to Mother Jones: “inmates could be put into solitary confinement or segregation, and could lose phone call and visiting privileges— in addition to the physical risks that come with participating in even the most non-violent protests. ” IOWC explains the reason for the strike: This is a call to end slavery in America. This call goes directly to the slaves themselves. We are not making demands or requests of our captors, we are calling ourselves to action. To every prisoner in every state and federal institution across this land, we call on you to stop being a slave, to let the crops rot in the plantation fields, to go on strike and cease reproducing the institutions of your confinement. Prisoner strikes differ from facility to facility but may include work stoppages and other non-violent protest techniques. The strike was coordinated with a number of protests outside prison walls in cities around the country, which are well-documented on social media. Unsurprisingly, news from inside the gates has been slow to emerge today — many prisons will respond with a communications lockdown as a first line of defense to prisoner unrest. We do have confirmation of 35 workers striking from their jobs producing license plates at Holeman correctional facility in Alabama. A press release called it a “peaceful protest.” Two Florida prisons are on lockdown and will be through the weekend. It’s going to be a little while before news from the inside filters out and we see what kind of impact, if any, this strike has on inmate’s living and working conditions. We’ll be watching. At the very least, the scope of the strike brings attention to a population whose wellbeing is often ignored. Update 9/15: Follow along here at It’s Going Down for a rolling update of prisons involved in the strike.    Image credit: Bart Everson, Flickr Jen Boynton has been the editor in chief of TriplePundit for 8 years. With over 6 million annual readers, TriplePundit is the leading publication on sustainable business and the Triple Bottom Line. Prior to TriplePundit, Jen received an MBA in Sustainable Management from the Presidio Graduate School and a degree in Sociology from Pitzer College. She spent a few years in the non-profit policy sector as well, but we won't talk about that. In her work with TriplePundit she's helped clients from SAP to PwC with their sustainability communications messaging. When she's not at work, she volunteers as a CASA -- court appointed special advocate for children in the foster care system. She enjoys losing fights with her toddler overlord and eating toast scraps. She lives with her family in sunny San Diego. Follow Jen Boynton @jenboynton One response Simo says: September 9, 2016 at 9:37 pm What’s wrong with that? Prison is suppose to be a punishment, isn’t it? Perhaps making Prison a living hell would deter these criminals from doing anything that may land them in prison again. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2016 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Friday, November 18, 2016 London, ON 7° Partly cloudy Sponsored by: LONDON GOLD BUYER Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes Shopping Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City UR Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Custody death: A London woman is struggling to come to terms with the death of her sister who died in the custody of the Elgin OPP By Jane Sims, The London Free Press Friday, September 9, 2016 9:32:19 EDT PM Debra Chrisjohn (Facebook) Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Cindy Chrisjohn and her family have made the funeral arrangements for her older sister, but they still have many unanswered questions about her death. What she knows is that Debra Chrisjohn, 39, died in the custody of the Elgin OPP on Thursday, after she had been taken to the detachment on a warrant, went into “medical distress” and was taken to hospital. Her family fears they might never know what happened. Cindy Chrisjohn says Ontario’s police watchdog agency that’s investigating the death — the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) — is keeping them in the dark. “I just don’t want her situation to fall on deaf ears. I really want a good investigation into this. I want followup,” she said. The SIU has five investigators on the case, including one in forensics. Given her sister’s troubled history, and her own $100,000 lawsuit and allegations of discrimination against the London police after she was wrongfully identified as Debra and arrested three years ago, Cindy Chrisjohn says she has good reason not to trust authorities. “I don’t have the full story,” the London woman said. “They’ve just started their investigation and they said it’s likely going to take weeks, probably months. “They have to wait for toxicology (test results) and they said in the end we wouldn’t get the report anyways because it goes to the (provincial) attorney general.” Because Debra is aboriginal, her sister said she fears the whole story will “be swept under the rug.” Friday, the SIU said Debra was rushed to St. Thomas Elgin General Hospital just after 7:30 p.m. where she was pronounced dead. Cindy Chrisjohn said Debra, the mother to 11 children and grandmother of two, lived at Oneida with their father and was “really kind-hearted and loving.” She said Debra had started on methadone for her drug addiction, had two of her children living with her, was looking to go back to school and had joined an event-planning committee on Oneida. She agreed Debra had led a troubled and addicted life and had numerous scrapes with the law. One was in August 2013 when she was arrested at the east London Walmart for shoplifting to pay off drug debts. Debra gave Cindy’s name and birthdate to police. A month later she failed to show up for her fingerprinting and a first court appearance. At the end of September 2013, Cindy Chrisjohn was pulled over while driving to the Oneida settlement. After she identified herself, the OPP said there was a warrant for her arrest and took her into custody in handcuffs and handed her over to the London police. She was told she’d been identified through mugshots and was held in cells for an hour before she was released early in the morning without a ride back to the reserve. At the time she weighed close to 200 pounds more than Debra. Their only matching characteristic was their aboriginal heritage. Her lawsuit remains before the courts. The family is trying to piece together Debra’s final days. Cindy last saw Debra Sept. 1 when Debra showed up at her London home and was hoping to get a ride to the reserve “to pick up her cheque.” Cindy Chrisjohn said Debra was arrested Tuesday by London police after she was accused of trying to break into cars. There was a warrant for her sister’s arrest in Brantford for breaching release conditions and theft. Brantford police didn’t come to get Debra and London police had no jurisdiction to hold her. At the hospital, with no one watching her, Debra bolted, her sister said. “She was at the hospital and she saw an opportunity just to take off,” Cindy said. Family members reported they saw Debra on Wednesday walking near Horton and Wellington streets. “They said she didn’t look good,” said Cindy. The SIU said Debra was picked up Wednesday after London police were called to Highbury Avenue and Trafalgar Street where a woman was reportedly obstructing traffic. Arrested, she was turned over to the Elgin OPP on a warrant and taken to their detachment. Cindy Chrisjohn said she fears Debra’s distress in custody might not have been taken seriously . She said she’s forgiven her for using her name when arrested in 2013 and understands she was driven by drug use and wanting to avoid police detection. Debra’s funeral is planned Monday on Oneida. jsims@postmedia.com twitter.com/JaneatLFPress Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Tax Services Steve Brazier CPA, CA Real Estate Simon Farrugia, Sales Representative Automotive Auto Spa Self Serve Car Wash & Dog Wash Go to the Marketplace » Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The London Free Press Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions London View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The London Free Press Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Curling Golf Motorsports Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Books Video Games Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals Opinion Editorial Letters Column Homes News Gardening New Homes Weekend Open Houses Home Seller Shopping Print Ads Virtual Flyers Special Sections Marketplace Autoseller UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The London Free Press Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2016 The London Free Press. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 32 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Missing Ashland woman may be in Ontario Police are asking for help locating a woman who has been missing from Ashland for several weeks. Post to Facebook Missing Ashland woman may be in Ontario Police are asking for help locating a woman who has been missing from Ashland for several weeks.   Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2cdJ3xb {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Missing Ashland woman may be in Ontario Staff report 8:12 p.m. EDT September 9, 2016 Elizabeth Griffith was last seen in Ashland on Aug. 16. (Photo: Ashland Police Department) 32 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE ASHLAND - The Ashland Police Department is asking for the public's help in locating missing woman Elizabeth Griffith. Griffith is missing from the city of Ashland and was last seen Aug. 16 in the area of Aldi and Walmart. Police believe she may have been in Ontario within the last few days. Griffith does not have a car and does not drive. No other information was available Friday. Anyone with information is asked to contact Capt. Dave Lay at the Ashland Police Department by calling 419-289-3639. Elizabeth Griffith was last seen in Ashland on Aug. 16.  (Photo: Ashland Police Department) Elizabeth Griffith was last seen in Ashland on Aug. 16.  (Photo: Ashland Police Department) Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2cdJ3xb TOP VIDEOS 'Script' Ohio 0:45 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 Mansfield veteran's van stolen, recovered 0:44 Cleanup begins after wind damage south of Lexington 1:32 Richland County Junior Fair 1:33 Veterans Honor Ground 0:38 Sights and sounds at the fair 1:03 Sheriff Press Conference over incident at Music Festival 2:42 More Stories Obhof to lead Ohio Senate Nov. 15, 2016, 4:34 p.m. Free Thanksgiving Day meals in Galion Nov. 15, 2016, 2:27 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 18, 2016, 8:43 a.m. Live at 7:30 p.m.: Shelby football updates Nov. 18, 2016, 5:04 a.m.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer: Until retail snaps back, expect market-wide pain ahead Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Friday, 9 Sep 2016 | 6:59 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer: The market cannot rally until retail snaps back</p> <p>Jim Cramer says retail punches above its weight, and goes down the list of players for concern.</p> Cramer: The market cannot rally until retail snaps back    Friday, 9 Sep 2016 | 6:33 PM ET | 04:13 While retail stocks are not as important as health care, technology or finance, they still punch above their weight. The stocks have now become so visible and so disturbing that Jim Cramer is worried. "I would be kidding you if I said I wasn't worried. All I can say is, this group needs to snap out of its funk or the stocks will only get worse," the "Mad Money" host said. The sudden decline in retail seemed almost untenable to Cramer. The idea that the sector could just be resting before its next move higher seemed like wishful thinking to him. The first sign of trouble came when the momentum retailers stalled out or were caught in strong headwinds. Ulta Salon was one of the fastest growing retailers out there but fell 2 percent on Friday. Jin Lee | Bloomberg | Getty Images A customer browses women's jewelry at the Macy's flagship store in New York. "Right now all I can hear when I think about retail is King Midas in reverse." -Jim Cramer Dollar Tree and Dollar General also collapsed when they missed earnings estimates and cut guidance due to competition. "In fact, (Dollar General) point blank cut prices on 400 products to stay ahead of a newly energized Wal-Mart. That's disastrous," Cramer said. Specialty players L Brands, Urban Outfitters, Foot Locker and Dick's were the only stocks not pulled down by the gravitation of retail, but Cramer still worried that they could fall. Investors once thought that housing-related stocks were the safest in retail. But then HD Supply and Tractor Supply reported weak quarters, and have managed to bring down Home Depot, too. Discounters and close outs are the only group that Cramer believes in. His charitable trust just purchased TJX because it looks like a solid play going into the holidays and a place for Macy's to dispose of merchandise when it closes 100 stores. However, the weak quarter reported by Pier 1 could also pull it down. The only winner, according to Cramer, is Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings. The nastiest of the bunch were the department stores, with Macy's wallowing, Kohl's slipping away, and Nordstrom losing momentum from its last quarter. Ultimately, retail must snap back, or Cramer fears that the entire stock market could only get worse. If positive news surfaces surrounding back to school season, it could reverse. "Right now all I can hear when I think about retail is King Midas in reverse. That is not the direction you want if you believe that this market can go higher without first having a more pronounced decline, like we saw today," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DLTR --- TJX --- HD --- DKS --- JWN --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
null
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 16° Overcast Hi 33° Lo 10° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Government update for the week of Sept. 12 By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Friday, September 9, 2016 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Moffat County Commissioners meeting When: 8:30 a.m. Tuesday Where: Moffat County Courthouse, 221 W. Victory Way Agenda: 1) 8:30 to 8:35 a.m.: Call to order Pledge of Allegiance/opening prayer 2) 8:35 to 8:45 a.m.: Consent agenda — Review and sign the following documents: a) Approve Minutes: Sept. 6 3) 8:45 to 9 a.m.: General discussion Please note that the board may discuss any topic relevant to county business, whether or not the topic has been specifically noted on this agenda. 4) 9 to 9:15 a.m.: Planning and Zoning — Jerry Hoberg • Martin conditional use permit C-16-04 5) 9:15 to 9:30 a.m.: Road and Bridge Department — Linda DeRose • Monthly reports 6) 9:30 to 9:45 a.m.: Human Resources Department — Terri Estey • Discuss hiring of road and bridge department director 7) 9:45 to 10 a.m.: Daughters of the American Revolution • Present Constitution Week proclamation for signature 8) 10 to 10:30 a.m.: Audrey Danner and Diane Kruse (NEO Connect) • Present a broadband planning update 9) 10:30 to 11 a.m.: Finance Department — Mindy Curtis • Present revised Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy for approval Craig City Council meeting When: 6:30 p.m. Tuesday Where: Craig Municipal Building, 300 W. Fourth St., Craig Agenda: Note: Craig City Council will hold a budget workshop at 5 p.m. before the regularly scheduled meeting 1) Pledge of allegiance and moment of silence 2) Call to order 3) Approval of minutes from Aug. 23 4) Approval of August bills 5) Approval of agenda 6) Consent agenda • Approve special events liquor permit for Yampa Valley NRA for an event to be held on Oct. 1 at the Boys & Girls Club of Craig. • Renewal of 3.2 percent beer license for Wal-Mart located at 2000 W. Victory Way. • Renewal of 3.2 percent beer license for City Market Store located at 605 W. Victory Way. 7) Council reports 8) Audiences • Diane Kruse of NEO Connect and Terry Carwile, co-chair of Moffat Broadband Committee, will present an update on the broadband grant project. • David Ulrich, new superintendent of Moffat County School District, will introduce himself to council. • Ann Dodd of the Daughters of the American Revolution will present a proclamation honoring Constitution Day and Constitution Week. • Moffat County Commissioner Frank Moe and Local Marketing District Chair Dave Fleming will appear to have a discussion on the recommendations from Better City. 9) Other business • Ordinance 1054 (first reading) — an ordinance amending the noise ordinance as contained in Section 9.42.040 of the Craig Municipal Code to prohibit the use of Engine Compression brakes or Jake brakes within city limits. • Ordinance 1055 (introduction) — an ordinance establish standards for control of backflow and cross-connection by water users. 10) Staff reports • August police report • Report by Dave Pike on Breeze Street Park and Whittle the Wood 11) City manager and city attorney reports 12) Audience comments 13) Additional council reports 14) Adjourn More like this story Government update for the week of Sept. 26 Government update for the week of June 13 Government update for the week of Oct. 26 Government update for Aug. 10 Government Update for Sept. 8, 2012 Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Clean audit for Moffat County School District 1 comment BLM to begin bait-trapping Sand Wash wild horses this week 3 comments Dr. Wayne Davis: Fear of heights, media and politics 1 comment Trump wins nation and Moffat County 2 comments Lance Scranton: Defining indefensible 8 comments Moffat County reacts to President-Elect Donald Trump 1 comment Full 2016 Election results for Moffat County 1 comment Craig makes national news in USA Today profile 1 comment Craig's Yampa Avenue brightens up with new lights 1 comment Danielle Elkins: What are Trump and Clinton's plans for coal? 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
Feels like: Humidity: Wind speed: Tomorrow News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge The Latest: Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG Man discovered beaten and buried alive in Schenectady basement sues non-profit Light blight: Art project breathes life into empty buildings Pittsfield man who prompted hospital lockdown gets jail term More News Stories Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Interactive Radar Hour By Hour Forecast Extended Forecast Watches, Warnings & Advisories WNYT.com Mobile Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Football Game of the Week High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Football Weekly Seven Danes Score in Double Figures in Win Over Oneonta UAlbany Women Notch First Win of Season Over Army New York's Special Olympics returning to Capital Region Wright Leads Saints to Win Over Cornell in Season Opener Troy, Glens Falls and Cambridge Advance to State Semifinals More Sports Stories Lifestyle Top Teacher STEM13 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Melinda's Garden Forum 13 ‘Knitted Knockers’ boost self-confidence of breast cancer survivors Turkey Day Total Body Workout Giving thanks year round Woman puts pen to paper to encourage depression dialogue Peter DeWitt on "Collaborative Leadership" More Lifestyle Stories Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Toys For Tots Save a Life Blood Drive Save a Life Blood Drive Events Calendar Contests More Things to Do Stories WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show FCC EEO Public File Report NewsChannel 13 Live at 10 on My4 Albany UAlbany Football Weekly, Saturdays at 11:30am Martin Harding & Mazzotti Capital Region Pet Show, Saturdays & Sundays at 11am Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Weeknights at 7 The King of Queens Weeknights at 6 & 6:30 More WNYA My4 Stories Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Harry Weekdays at 4 Me-TV Antenna TV NBC MyNetworkTV More Programming Stories Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information MENU MENU News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Interactive Radar Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Football Game of the Week High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Football Weekly Lifestyle Top Teacher STEM13 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Melinda's Garden Forum 13 Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Toys For Tots Save a Life Blood Drive WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show FCC EEO Public File Report Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information QUICK LINKS: Closings & Delays | Contests | STEM13 | Toys For Tots | Live Video | WNYT Apps & Alerts Advertisement 9/11 themed advertisements generate controversy September 09, 2016 06:41 PM JOHNSTOWN - Some advertisements surrounding the 15th anniversary of 9/11 are generating a lot of controversy. One man who worked to get a 9/11 memorial erected at a local college says he wants the day to be about remembrance, not sales. Advertisement – Content Continues Below "I don't see how 9/11 is a marketing tool. It doesn't click with me," explained Louis Pabano, a Fulton-Montgomery County Community College alum. He was instrumental in getting this piece of 9/11 history installed as a permanent memorial on campus. He worked at Ground Zero after the 9/11 attacks, helping to clear debris. However, a string of recent ads using 9/11 to sell merchandise has him and others upset. A Walmart in Florida featured a 9/11 themed display to sell soda. A mattress store in San Antonio posted an ad for a "Twin Tower Mattress Sale," including people falling into towers of mattresses and a woman screaming. The owner of the store, Cherise Bonanno, later apologized. "It was stupid. It was a stupid idea that we sent out and we apologize for our stupidity," said Bonanno. Pabano wants 9/11 to be a national holiday, used to educate future generations about the attacks. "Instead of using it to sell something, why not use it to promote knowledge," he suggested. Part of that education is the memorial which saw BOCES students stop by on Friday to learn about the attacks. Another is a photo exhibit Pabano put together of pictures he took while working at ground zero. He says the exhibit aims to show the humanity that followed the attacks, how people came together in the face of tragedy. "Also teach that there is a better way to live. That we can live in harmony, we just have to work at it," Pabano encouraged. Miracle Mattress, the store behind that controversial ad, is closing indefinitely. As for the photo exhibit, it opens at Fulton-Montgomery Community College at 7 p.m. Friday and runs through this weekend. Pabano plans on taking the exhibit to every state capital across the country. Related Stories Obama's 9/11 lawsuit veto a complex issue New York state extends deadline for Sept. 11 health claims 9/11 observed with blood drive at RPI People gather in Saratoga Springs to remember 9/11 9/11 memorial ceremony held in East Greenbush FDNY memorial held at St. Patrick's to mark 9/11 anniversary Toddlers of 9/11 reflect on attacks as high schoolers WEB EXTRA: Malcolm Nance 9/11 mattress promotion draws criticism NYS Museum adds poignant artifacts to tell 9/11 story Credits WNYT Staff Created: September 09, 2016 06:41 PM Copyright 2016 - WNYT-TV, LLC A Hubbard Broadcasting Company Advertisement Top Stories 9/11 themed advertisements generate controversy Toddlers of 9/11 reflect on attacks as high schoolers NYS Museum adds poignant artifacts to tell 9/11 story Anarchist graffiti sprayed outside Capitol in Albany SWAT team helps bust pot growing operation in Amsterdam Colonie police make DWI arrest after car crashes into home Man in critical condition after being hit by car in Latham Pittsfield police officer fired Advertisement Most Read Stories Man discovered beaten and buried alive in Schenectady basement sues non-profit Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Four arrested following joint investigation Swastika transformed into message of 'LOVE' Flames gut garage in West Sand Lake Advertisement Advertisement NEWS WEATHER SPORTS INTERACTIVE YOUR MONEY LIFESTYLE EVENTS WNYA My4 PROGRAMMING LINKS CONTACT US WNYT Public File | WNYA Public File | FCC Reports The station representative that can assist any person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public file is Laura Sousa. She can be contacted at lsousa@wnyt.com or 518-207-4703. About Us | Contact Us | News Team | © Copyright A Hubbard Broadcasting Company
The Scout Menu Our Staff Contact The Scout Advertise with The Scout PDF Archive News Sports Voice Opinion Web-only Puzzles Sep92016 The state of games Brien Jackson Voice Ah, gaming; it’s been a prominent part of my life since I was about 7 years old and continues to be at the ripe old age of 21. To me, there’s nothing like coming home after work or school and turning on a videogame to unwind a bit before bed.  Even as I continue to enjoy games today, I can’t seem to get rid of the pit of worry in my stomach about the current direction of the gaming industry. (As a game design major, I think about these things quite a lot.) A good number of game publishers and developers seem to be putting profit ahead of the quality of the game. Money should be made, of course, but there are so many games that are over-advertised, over-hyped or announced with pre-order bonuses and paid downloadable content (DLC) before the game is even shown to potential players. Advertising is a large part of the budget used to develop many of the games published today – without advertising, the game will just collect dust on Wal-Mart shelves. However, many ads for games tout pre-order bonuses and DLC before the game is even shown to consumers or make the game out to be much more than it is (throwing shade at you, “Watch Dogs”). Don’t get me wrong, DLC is great for games – it keeps much of the content fresh. But today, it seems like the base games offer less and less, while there’s more and more DLC to purchase and pre-order bonuses are so minor that it isn’t worth paying $60 before the game is even released (have I mentioned how expensive gaming is as a hobby?). Another trend that’s becoming more common is the remastering of older titles for new gaming consoles. Many developers are taking classic games and improving graphics, doing some bug-fixing and adding content, then re-releasing the game as a “remaster.” I think this is a pretty cool idea, but in some cases, not so much. “Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare”, a game from 2007, is getting the remaster treatment: updated graphics, improved gameplay and a lot of other fancy enhancements. But there’s one catch: in order to get the shiny remaster of the Call of Duty favorite, you have to purchase the newest Call of Duty title, “Infinite Warfare.” Purchasing that new title won’t be a problem for some, but the game’s trailer hasn’t exactly gotten favorable reviews from many older fans of the series. If you don’t believe me, look it up on YouTube; the trailer has more than 3.2 million down-votes, compared to about 540,000 up-votes. Just let that sink in. It’s awesome that an old favorite has been remastered, but it’s not so awesome that the only way to get it is to purchase a game no one in the gaming community seems to want. It’s like the publisher, Activision, knows its new game won’t be able to top some of the previous titles in the series.  There seems to be more and more examples of these events occurring in the gaming industry as time goes on. Unsatisfying games and a bucket-load of DLC won’t be the end of the gaming industry, but I feel like they can highlight some of the issues that currently plague it. Insert Pink Floyd’s hit “Money” here. Meadows Avenue Tap provides a welcome alternative Group fitness classes see low numbers Categories Bradley Job Openings Letters to the Editor Local Businesses News Opinion Police Reports Polls Puzzles Sports Videos Voice Web-only Advertisement Links Bradley University Apply to the Scout PDF archive Twitter: @bradley_scout Twitter: @ScoutSportsDesk Facebook: The Scout Google Plus: The Scout YouTube: Bradley Scout RSS Feed The Scout on Twitter Tweets by @bradley_scout © 2016 The Bradley Scout Xin Magazine Theme Home News Sports Voice Opinion Web-only Puzzles TOP
