Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home Business Companies Retailing processed food: Walmart may make an entry Retailing processed food: Walmart may make an entry The government had in June announced 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in trading of food products produced and manufactured in India. By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Published:September 22, 2016 3:33 am Walmart India is evaluating an entry into the retailing of processed foods taking advantage of the government’s liberalised policy of allowing 100 per cent foreign capital in the space, Krish Iyer, president and CEO, Walmart India, said on Wednesday. “We are currently evaluating all the policy guidelines and we do not have an ‘only food model’ anywhere. So, we need to conceptualise, evaluate and come up with a model, which takes time,” Iyer told reporters on the sidelines of the India Retail Forum. “It is not something we will jump into very quickly,” he added. The government had in June announced 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in trading of food products produced and manufactured in India. This is now permitted through retail trading including e-commerce under the approval route. For Walmart India, food retail in the cash-and-carry business accounts for more than 65 per cent of business, Iyer said. He also noted that resellers, particularly mom-and-pop stores, are the most important channel for Walmart. “Our e-commerce (business to business) experience has been good, and while we do not speak about the e-commerce sales, more than 50 per cent of buying is digitally influenced,” he said. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened The retailer runs 20 stores in the cash-and-carry format in nine states across the country. In the next five years, it is planning to add 50 more stores, taking the total to 70 as part of an omni-channel strategy. “We continue to focus on Tier II and Tier III cities, and the opportunities here are as good as metro towns,” Iyer said, adding that availability of land is a challenge in metros. He added that the company is focusing on private labels as it fetches better margins. “At present 95 per cent of our products sold are manufactured in India,” he said. Meanwhile, food processing minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal told The Wall Street Journal that British retailer Tesco had expressed its interest in running a retail food business in India. FE Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaBanks open on Saturday, but only senior citizens can exchange old notes IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation IndiaDemonetisation: Cash against debit swipe takes off at 700 petrol pumps IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Karim Benzema fit to play for Madrid derby at Atletico Donald Trump taps conservative Kansas congressman Mike Pompeo for CIA Netflix’s trailer of A Series of Unfortunate Events only makes us miss the original film more Borussia Dortmund’s Marco Reus out of Bayern Munich clash Prime Minister Theresa May tells Germany: Brexit preparations are ‘on track’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
About Us Contact Us Subscribe White Papers Advertise RSS Newsletters Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Restaurant Hospitality Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Trends Food Trends Drink Trends Consumer Trends EAT BEAT Trendinista New Restaurant Concepts Food & Drink Recipes People Chef Interviews Rising Star Chefs Operations Marketing Staffing Finance Owner Interviews Opinions Editors Space Feedback Guest Columns Multimedia Galleries Videos Podcasts Advertisement Home > Trends > New Restaurant Concepts > Walmart hosts fair food restaurant experiment Walmart hosts fair food restaurant experiment A new concept brings crazy state fair concoctions to shoppers at the country’s largest retailer. Sep 21, 2016 Bob Krummert EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 • See more New Restaurant Concepts The "opening" image shows owner Isaac Rousso (at right) with menu items from his new State Fair Treats concept inside the Plano, Texas, Walmart. State Fair Treats Advertisement Industry statistics show restaurant traffic slowing during 2016, but that’s not going to be an issue for State Fair Treats. Each day, more than 5,000 potential customers will pass by this new operation’s site at the entrance to the Plano, Texas, Walmart Supercenter.  Open since Sept. 20, it’s the first of what owner Isaac Rousso hopes will quickly become many locations for his fair food-themed chain. Rousso is used to dealing with large numbers of customers. State Fair Treats might be his first restaurant, but the multiple food concessions he runs at the Texas State Fair give him plenty of experience in high-volume foodservice operations. “During the State Fair of Texas, we have the opportunity to serve more than two million people during the fair’s 24-day run,” he says. “At our first Walmart location alone, we’ll have the chance to see 1.5-2 million people per year.”  The 45-item menu at State Fair Treats will focus on food items typically found on state fair midways. Prices range from $1.50 to $7.50. Several offerings have been invented by Rousso, a many-time winner of the Big Tex Choice Awards contests that honors creative food items — many of them deep-fried — introduced at the Texas State Fair each year. WalMart is Rousso’s landlord, not his partner in this venture. But the retail giant sought him out in hopes of interjecting some much-needed energy into its stores. Rousso expects State Fair Treats will gross about $1 million per year. He told the Dallas News he plans to have as many at 15 units open by the end of 2016.  From there, the idea is to take State Fair Treats nationwide. He just might pull it off, too. Rousso began by operating a single booth at the Texas State Fair, Taste of Cuba. He has since added four more: Magnolia Beer Garden, Magnolia Pavilion, Magnolia Smokehouse and Craft Beer Terrace. Along the way, he’s become a culinary force in the fair food community. State fairs are justifiably famous for the exotic deep-fried treats available on their midways. Dietitians grimace when they calculate the caloric values of these sugar- and fat-laden concoctions, but Texas fairgoers embrace them. Rousso hopes Walmart shoppers will, too, and will want to eat them year-round.  In high-end dining, practitioners of molecular gastronomy such as Ferran Adria and Grant Achatz employ cutting-edge culinary techniques to create amazing tastes and textures. Think of the Big Tex Choice Award as the place where entry-level molecular gastronomists debut off-the-wall items like deep-fried butter, deep-fried bubblegum, deep-fried beer and many more. New this year are deep-fried clam chowder, fried prime rib quesadill“o” and edible cola. Rousso has won this contest before. He did so again in 2016 with his Cookie Fries entry. Its official description: “The cookie fry may look like it needs ketchup, but don’t be fooled by the classic crinkle-cut appearance. Offered in traditional cookie flavors like chocolate chip or sprinkles, these sweet treats are served with your choice of the accompanying strawberry or milk chocolate sauce. Just consider it an undercover cookie in fry-form disguise.” Cookie Fries are a key menu item at State Fair Treats. So are some of Rousso’s previous  contest winners including the Deep Fried Cuba Roll and his Fried Pop Tart. This video gives you an idea of what works and what doesn’t in this contest: The State Fair Treats business model seems solid, perhaps even enviable. The concept serves food whose popularity has already been proven by millions of Texas State Fair attendees. And its expansion path is clear: stick to sites carefully chosen from the landlord’s roster of 4,600 heavily trafficked retail locations. Even the marketing is a no-brainer — 5,000 potential customers will walk by the State Fair Treats’ entrance every day without Rousso having to lift a finger. The lone potential drawback: customer eagerness to binge on wacky deep-fried foods may not be an everyday occurrence during non-fair times. But if it is, Rousso may be able to build out his chain at a pace the restaurant industry has seldom seen before. "There are many, many McDonald's that are going to be transitioning out" of Walmart stores, Rousso says. "We're going to be looking at every opportunity as they transition out, to jump in." Contact Bob Krummert: bob.krummert@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Slater's 50/50: Come for the bacon burger. Stay for the experience.   What, Where & When   What, Where & When   New Starbird concept aims to improve on the QSR experience   Cooks part of an interactive experience at Stoke Editor's Picks 3 steps to effective seasonal hiring   How to reduce time clock abuse   Don’t blow your one chance to stand out   SEO strategies need to factor impact of voice searches   How competency models can improve employee performance   Advertisement Current Issue No winning with restaurant no-shows A handgun with a side of fries Meet Lilia, Missy Robbins' new Italian concept CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin RSS App Store Advertisement Advertisement Navigate Restaurant-Hospitality.com Trends Food & Drink People Operations Back of the House Opinions Video Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Subscribe View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin RSS App Store Search Restaurant-Hospitality.com Search: Restaurant Hospitality Penton Restaurant Group Food Management Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Walmart offering online grocery pick-up service at four Birmingham-area stores Walmart Neighborhood Market in Alabaster edit.jpg Alabaster's Walmart Neighborhood Market is one of four local walmarts to offer online grocery service. (File/Martin J. Reed / mreed@al.com) Print Email Kelly Poe | kpoe@al.com By Kelly Poe | kpoe@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 21, 2016 at 3:09 PM, updated September 21, 2016 at 3:10 PM comments Walmart shoppers can now order their groceries online and pick them up at four Birmingham-area stores without an additional fee.  Currently the free program is available at: Birmingham Walmart Supercenter, 5335 Highway 280 Alabaster Walmart Neighborhood Market, 9085 Highway 119 Chelsea Walmart Supercenter, 16077 Highway 280 Gardendale Walmart Supercenter, 890 Odum Road. The program works by visiting walmart.com/grocery or the Walmart Grocery app, selecting a store that has the program and building a shopping list. Then, customers choose a time to pick up their groceries. Workers shop the list, and customers pull up to reserved parking spaces and call a number to alert workers. An employee comes out and loads the groceries into a customer's car.  Over 30,000 items are eligible for the program, including fresh produce, meats and organic groceries.  Last year, the chain launched the service at two stores in the Huntsville area, as well as stores in Colorado, Arkansas and California. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Search for: Search   English   繁體中文 Language: The only bilingual Chinese-English Newspaper in New England | 全紐英倫區唯一的中英雙語雙週報 Skip to content Home Regional News Boston Metro Features Immigration Health Interviews Personal Finance Restaurant Guide Travel Comics Youth Voices Events Calendar Sampan Archives Current Chinese 中文 edition Current English edition Previous Online Editions About Opportunities Community Directory Subscribe Advertise Contact Us   Little Brothers – Friends of the Elderly, Walmart Foundation Celebrate $25,000 Grant for Hunger Relief Programming   By Web 2016/09/21 2016/09/21 Announcements JAMAICA PLAIN – On Monday, September 12th, Little Brothers – Friends of the Elderly (LBFE), Boston Chapter’s Executive Director Nikki Therrien and Board President Jay Wozniak welcomed Walmart Boston Market Manager Donna Dunn-Greenwood and Saugus Walmart Manager Brendan Quirk for the official check presentation of a $25,000 grant for hunger relief from the Wal-Mart Foundation’s State Giving Program. A Governor’s Citation was also presented on behalf of Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker and Lt. Governor Karyn Polito recognizing LBFE’s impact and devotion to serving elders in the Greater Boston community. “We are proud to show Wal-Mart the impact their grant will have with Little Brothers and meeting the nutritional needs of elders in Greater Boston,” said Jay Wozniak, LBFE Board President. “This funding will provide critical support for the increasing needs of the growing elderly population we serve.” “Walmart is proud to support Little Brothers – Friends of the Elderly in Boston. This terrific program helps connect generations and build a stronger community for thousands of people in the Boston area,” said Chris Buchanan, director of public affairs and state and local government relations. LBFE’s nutritional program include an emergency food pantry for elders 70+ who find themselves without food, grocery distribution, semi-monthly luncheons and holiday meal delivery. Walmart executives were given a tour and presentation of LBFE’s facility and programs. Elders and volunteers in Greater Boston interested in participating in LBFE programming should visit www.littlebrothersboston.org or contact boston@littlebrothers.org.   About Little Brothers-Friends of the Elderly, Boston Chapter (LBFE – Boston) LBFE — Boston was founded in 1979 as part of a national network of non-profit volunteer-based organizations committed to relieving isolation and loneliness among the elderly in Greater Boston. Our motto, flowers before bread, reflects our belief that living is more than a roof over our heads and food on the table, but also the presence of people who care. Staff and over 1,500 volunteers, provide companionship, support and care to over 800 elders seventy and over without the benefit of family or adequate social contacts. Priority is given to those living independently at, or below the poverty line, without charge and without regard to race, gender, creed, nationality, or sexual orientation. LBFE – Boston is a 501(c)(3) operating solely with the support of individual donors, volunteers and foundation or corporate assistance. For more information, visit www.littlebrothersboston.org. About The Walmart Foundation’s State Giving Program The Walmart Foundation’s State Giving Program plays an essential role in the Foundation’s mission to create opportunities so people can live better. The Program provides grants to 501(c)(3) organizations ranging from $25,000 to $200,000, depending on the type of program. About Web This account is used for general posts from other sources such as press releases. View all posts by Web → Bookmark the permalink. « Which Way Should I Lean In The Current War Over Vietnamese Cuisine? Academy of the Pacific Rim Charter School alum returns to his roots as 9th Grade Mandarin teacher » Comments are closed Upcoming Events 11/18/2016 Boston Water and Sewer Commission asks residents to Cool it! Can it! Trash it! this holiday season 11/19/2016 Ping pong tournament Saturday, Nov. 19 11/19/2016 Chinese Lion Dance tournament Saturday, Nov. 19 11/19/2016 Chinese Couplets with director Felicia Lowe on Nov. 19 11/19/2016 Leap of Faith Orchestra performs Supernovae by PEK at Somerville Armory on Nov. 19 Powered by Parabola & WordPress.  English
Posts | Comments | E-mail / No Bull, No Fluff, No Smudges Your news source for Flagler, Florida and Beyond Carousel, Cops/Courts, Flagler 911, Flagler, Palm Coast & Other Local News, Palm Coast, Palm Coast Crime Home Flagler Bunnell Beverly Beach Marineland Flagler County Commission Flagler Headliners Flagler History Tourist Development Council Mondex/Daytona North The Hammock Daily Briefing Economic Development Council Palm Coast Palm Coast Crime Business & Economy Development & Sprawl Palm Coast City Council Cops/Courts Flagler 911 Fire House Circuit & County Court Florida Supreme Court Traffic Accidents Federal Courts Prisons and Jails Flagler County Sheriff Flagler Jail Bookings Economy Health Care Real Estate & Development Jobs & Unemployment Taxes Leisure & Tourism Local Business Transportation Business Briefs Advertisers Local Media Flagler and Florida Beaches Culture Your Music Fix Books Arts in Palm Coast & Flagler Flagler Auditorium Flagler Youth Orchestra Flagler Playhouse Live Gallery Special Events City Repertory Theatre African American Cultural Society Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra Palm Coast Arts Foundation Florida Florida Legislature Federal Politics Environment & Water Rick Scott Florida History This Week in Tallahassee Beyond Americana St. Johns Putnam Volusia Commentary Editor's Blog Pierre Tristam Guest Columns Voices From the Grave Project Syndicate Nancy Smith All Else The Live Wire Backgrounders Quote This Library News Briefs Religion & Beliefs Miss Flagler County Photo Galleries Videos Flagler Encyclopedia Weather and Climate In Coming Days Elections 2016 Presidential Election Courts Constitutionals Congressional Flagler County Commission Florida Legislature Polls Voting Rights Campaign Finance Amendments and Referendums City Elections Governor Flagler School Board Rights & Liberties First Amendment Second Amendment Third Amendment Fourth Amendment Fifth Amendment Sixth Amendment Seventh Amendment Eighth Amendment 10th Amendment Sunshine Law Human Rights Privacy 14th Amendment Civil Rights Immigration Labor Rights Flagler Beach Flagler Beach Crime Flagler Beach City Commission Bunnell Bunnell Crime Bunnell Centennial Bunnell City Commission Outdoors The Seas Parks Wildlife Environmental Protection Health & Society Health Care Reform Children and Families Health Care Business Elderly Care & Medicare Medicaid and Medicare Mental Health Poverty Flagler County Health Department Cancer Violence Sports World Cup 2014 Schools Flagler Palm Coast High School Matanzas High School Stetson University Bunnell Elementary Rymfire Elementary Wadsworth Elementary Belle Terre Elementary Old Kings Elementary Heritage Academy Imagine School Buddy Taylor Middle Daytona State College Flagler County School Board Indian Trails Middle St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Teachers & Employees of the Year Higher Education University of Florida/Florida State Adult Education Charter Schools About Contact Us Comment Policy Mission Statement Our Values Advertise on FlaglerLive Community Calendar Useful Links Support FlaglerLive Bookchat Updike Startling Robbery in Walmart’s Parking Lot as Thieves Grab Palm Coast Woman’s Purse FlaglerLive | September 21, 2016 The Walmart parking lot in palm Coast has not been known to be unsafe for shoppers. (© FlaglerLive) Walmart and other big-box stores are so used to shoplifters that they have personnel assigned to policing the problem. Shoppers, however, don’t expect to be robbed on the property of a big-box store like Walmart, in the middle of the day–as was the case with a 43-year-old Palm Coast woman Monday afternoon. The woman had just finished shopping at the Palm Coast Walmart. She rolled out her shopping cart to her car, which she’d parked on Isle One. She did what shoppers usually do: she opened the trunk of her car and began putting away the goods she’d just bought. Her purse was in the shopping cart, by the handle–where women often put their purse while shopping. Her hand was actually on the purse when a silver vehicle approached her, with what she would later describe as an adult, black woman in the front passenger seat. In a matter of instants, that woman reached out from the silver car’s window, grabbed the shopper’s purse out of the cart and the shopper’s hands, and fled. The woman saw the car drive out by Steak and Shake, then to Palm Coast Parkway, though she couldn’t tell if it was west or east. The car was a Hyundai Sonata. The thieves had stolen her Steve Madden purse with black trim, debit cards, prescriptions, and $50. The victim was crying, sitting on the inside of her open trunk, when a deputy arrived. She was especially upset about her medicines being stolen. Two witnesses gave a Flagler County Sheriff’s deputy accounts similar to those the victim gave about the incident. Deputies obtained surveillance camera from Walmart. “The video shows the incident but does not provide suspect description or vehicle registration plate,” an incident report states. The last time a robbery was reported on Walmart’s property goes back to mid-April last year, but that report turned out to be fake: A then-38-year-old woman claimed she was robbed of her book bag by two black men near the store’s west entrance. The woman, Magdaline Scott, had also reported prescriptions stolen. But as it turned out Scott had fabricated the story. She pleaded guilty and was sentenced to probation for making a false report of a crime. Recommend or share: Tweet Print More Email Share on Tumblr Questions? Corrections? Suggestions? Email the editor | Print this Article | Email to a friend 30 Responses for “Startling Robbery in Walmart’s Parking Lot as Thieves Grab Palm Coast Woman’s Purse” WhataShame says: September 21, 2016 at 2:27 pm Now, we need to be careful in the parking lot, during the day. Have people no shame? What is wrong with people that you would do this? That poor woman! I cannot even imagine. This is why I always have my bag on me, or put it inside the car BEFORE I offload my groceries. I guess that is the New Yorker in me. Ladies, place your bag inside the car, and always watch around you. These people have no shame. *deep sigh of sadness* Reply blondee says: September 21, 2016 at 2:31 pm Ladies!!!!! Never never never leave your purse in the shopping cart! It’s an open invitation to something like this. Reply Aynne McAvoy says: September 21, 2016 at 2:38 pm I have strongly suggested to all my woman friends that when you put your purse in a cart, secure it by running the child seat belt THROUGH the handle of your purse, and lock it. That way if a thief attempts to steal your purse, they get the whole darn cart and quickly move on to someplace else. Reply Innocent Bystander. says: September 21, 2016 at 2:51 pm Snatch and grab,car break-ins and suicide seem to be the norm for the news lately in good old Palm Compton. Declare martial law immediately. Reply Anonymous says: September 21, 2016 at 3:29 pm This same bullshit happened to my mother when we moved here years ago same MO of the perp and same description of the vehicle….Walmart step your shit up you lazy fucks get your cameras in working order you should be able to see a license plate as far out as Steak ‘n Shake …fix your shit Reply BIG JOHN says: September 21, 2016 at 4:32 pm Maybe there has to be a greater police presence in that parking lot…. Reply Oh WOW says: September 21, 2016 at 4:53 pm How sick. They scope out women coming out of Walmart. This is a new low. It seems like your not safe anywhere. But I bet if a man had been with this woman she would not have been a target. Shop with your husband ladies, you just never know. I hope they find the piece of garbage. Reply Sandra says: September 21, 2016 at 5:41 pm Oh wow, husband? You have got to be kidding. What if she is single or widowed? Should she get an escort? If at all possible shop without your purse. Put your essentials in a pocket. So glad we moved out of Palm Coast. Reply Nancy N. says: September 21, 2016 at 5:47 pm Oh WOW did you just really all but blame this woman for being targeted for robbery because she had the nerve to leave the house by herself? Should she wear a burqa too? That’s what they do in Saudi Arabia where women aren’t allowed to leave the house without a male relative to accompany them. This is America. It’s the 21st Century. I’m an adult and I’ll go where I want, when I want, thank you very much. You can keep your paternalistic protectionism to yourself. Reply tulip says: September 21, 2016 at 7:18 pm When shopping, I put my purse in the child seat, then pile groceries on top of it. When I go to my car I use the rule “purse first” and that goes in the car first. Also, I don’t put my groceries in the trunk, I put them in the car itself, because it’s harder for thieves to get between two cars to rob someone. Also, I always put my keys in my pocket because, if someone steals my purse, I can still at least drive home. It Is also very discouraging that WM doesnt’ have good cameras Reply liberal says: September 21, 2016 at 7:44 pm With all the shoplifting there, the police are there constantly. Palm Coast should require Walmart to hire one police officer per shift. That might help deter these crooks if they see a cop car in the lot 24/7. Reply Geezer says: September 21, 2016 at 8:21 pm This isn’t anything new…. Needless to say: never carry too much cash, and be ready to call your credit card companies quickly in the event of theft. You’re not in Kansas anymore. Reply Percy's mother says: September 21, 2016 at 8:22 pm As a woman, I continue to be mystified as to why women are still lugging around purses when all they need is (a) cash, (b) a debit card, (c) a credit card, or (d) for some of you, an “EBT card”. Get with the times women! Stop dragging the purse around with a load of stuff in it which you don’t need to go shopping. I see women all the time having placed their huge purses in grocery carts perusing goods whilst their purses sit unattended in said carts. Then when the purse gets stolen, they sit and cry about it. Grow up women!! Take control of yourselves and your lives. You don’t need to lug a purse around all the time. Get some pockets. OR, get a small wrist band with a zip in it, which will hold the aforementioned cash, debit, credit cards. . . go online . . . these things are available. Take responsibility for the circumstances of your lives and for God’s sake, stop crying about things. Reply Wishful thinking says: September 21, 2016 at 9:37 pm We need to do like in Venezuela . No purse..no jewelry – credit card and license inside bra or slack/Jean pocket Reply Aves says: September 21, 2016 at 9:47 pm I like how “Oh WOW” assumed ladies have husbands to shop with. God forbid some of us are single or lesbian and don’t have or need men. Reply America Rinaldi says: September 21, 2016 at 11:50 pm Maybe you need a baseball bat in your car. Reply Anonymous says says: September 22, 2016 at 12:44 am How sick the same thing happing in Winn / Dixie Saturday afternoon a mother put a grocery in the trunk of the car a pocketbook in the front seat of the car she was placing the baby in the car seat ,someone jump from a van and stole a pocketbook from the front seat of the car . Same thing happing Sunday someone stole a pocketbook from a car inside of the store in Winn / Dixie again were are the security and cameras . Reply Anonymous says: September 22, 2016 at 1:20 am how about cameras at the actual entrance and exits…….not just half a mile up high in the sky….common sense eludes people sometimes Reply Donna Heiss says: September 22, 2016 at 7:22 am Big John, there cannot be deputies in every store parking lot all of the time. These thieves know this is a petty crime and these are desperate times. Just another day in paradise. Reply RP says: September 22, 2016 at 7:58 am Everyone should always be vigilant about theft and crime in general. That being said, this is literally the safest time to be alive EVER. Look at the crime rate of the 70’s versus the crime rate now, it’s miniscule compared to then. People are just infinitely more aware of crime now thanks to the social media and the huge number of news outlets available. Palm Compton, haha. Good one. Reply daveT says: September 22, 2016 at 9:15 am People/shoppers trust no one protect your valuables. Reply Robert says: September 22, 2016 at 10:41 am I agree with “Percy’s Mother” – stop carrying stuff that you do not need for that particular local trip. When around town, all I carry is my Driver’s License, ONE credit card and some small bills. Easier to replace a License and ONE credit card than all I own. Just a thought. Reply Born and Raised Here says: September 22, 2016 at 1:54 pm I see so many women that set themselves up for this kind of stuff. Don’t make yourself a potential victim. Reply NY TRANSPLANT says: September 22, 2016 at 4:37 pm I saw this happen to an older lady when I lived on Long Island and never forgot it. I NEVER put my purse in the shopping cart and when I’m loading my trunk the bag is either in the trunk or on me. Reply Anonymous says: September 22, 2016 at 5:11 pm Too many cops are writing tickets on Belle Terre and not looking for crime. Seems like Manfre has given direction to go after the voters that voted him OUT of office.Let us not forget Manfre claims crime is down!!! Reply Fuggetaboutit says: September 23, 2016 at 9:23 am Black Lives Matter! Reply Geezer says: September 23, 2016 at 4:17 pm What you need is ubiquitous cops. Then you’ll see a precipitous drop in crime. Reply Oh WOW says: September 24, 2016 at 10:15 pm And to make matters EVEN WORSE she was targeted by a Woman. Every woman knows how important our purses are. We keep everything in their. IT IS JUST DISGUSTING anyway you look at it. Reply Anonymous says says: September 25, 2016 at 12:13 am All Lives Matter !! Reply noyobusiness says: September 25, 2016 at 3:53 pm We need new sheriff and new Public Safety Officers!!! Due Process does not work. More efficient Crime Control and lock them away for a long long time Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Read FlaglerLive's Comment Policy | Subscribe to the Comment Feed Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. More stories on FlaglerLive Weekend Briefing: Richard Schreiner at Salvo, The Rainmaker at City Rep, This and That at Calypso Bias Backlash: How The Media Propelled Donald Trump to the White House With “The Rainmaker,” Palm Coast’s City Rep Theater Reads Into America’s Most Reassuring Mythologies Michael Dunn’s Conviction Upheld In Racial Murder of Jordan Davis in Jacksonville in 2012 Categories: Carousel, Cops/Courts, Flagler 911, Flagler, Palm Coast & Other Local News, Palm Coast, Palm Coast Crime Tags: palm coast crime, walmart Loading Live Briefs Feed Flagler Beach at Thanksgiving Tree of Remembrance Ceremony Scheduled for Dec. 4 at Craig Flagler Palms Fifty Employers Expected at Daytona State College Job Fair Nov . 8 2nd Pass For Hurricane Matthew Debris Pick-Up in Palm Coast Begins Monday Archive for Live Briefs » Palm Coast Weather ADVERTISEMENTS Recent Comments FlaglerLive on Revered School District Administrator Is Baker Acted Outside Government Services Building Ashley Davies on Revered School District Administrator Is Baker Acted Outside Government Services Building Rob on Revered School District Administrator Is Baker Acted Outside Government Services Building Mary Ellen Moire on Revered School District Administrator Is Baker Acted Outside Government Services Building Dave on Michael Dunn’s Conviction Upheld In Racial Murder of Jordan Davis in Jacksonville in 2012 Irish on “Shoddy Police Work” Helps Bunnell Man Facing Life in Prison Turn Trial In His Favor lena marshall on Revered School District Administrator Is Baker Acted Outside Government Services Building Ben Hogarth on Races Lost Across the State Again, Florida Democrats Look for Answers, and a Leader Anonymous on Races Lost Across the State Again, Florida Democrats Look for Answers, and a Leader Ben Hogarth on Farewell Reception Set for Commissioner George Hanns as Quarter-Century Service Ends Anonymous on “Shoddy Police Work” Helps Bunnell Man Facing Life in Prison Turn Trial In His Favor Ws on Gov. Scott’s Pick from Judges Applying to Replace Perry Will Shift Supreme Court Right Ws on Races Lost Across the State Again, Florida Democrats Look for Answers, and a Leader The Victim- on “Shoddy Police Work” Helps Bunnell Man Facing Life in Prison Turn Trial In His Favor Tweets from https://twitter.com/PierreTristam/lists/livewire The Latest on FlaglerLive Weekend Briefing: Richard Schreiner at Salvo, The Rainmaker at City Rep, This and That at Calypso Bias Backlash: How The Media Propelled Donald Trump to the White House With “The Rainmaker,” Palm Coast’s City Rep Theater Reads Into America’s Most Reassuring Mythologies Michael Dunn’s Conviction Upheld In Racial Murder of Jordan Davis in Jacksonville in 2012 Revered School District Administrator Is Baker Acted Outside Government Services Building Thursday Briefing: Flagler Connect Golf, 5 Students in Limbo, Josh Crews, Bob Dylan’s Nobel Snub Sponsors and Advertisers Tom Gibbs Chevrolet Coastal Ear, Nose and Throat GEA Auto Sales, 108 Bulldog Drive, Palm Coast Waterside Pools Inc., Palm Coast Radiology Associates Imaging The McLeod Law Firm Conner • Bosch Law, P.A. Subscribe to FlaglerLive Get immediate notification of new stories. Email Address Advertisement Flagler Palm Coast Cops/Courts Economy Culture Florida Beyond Commentary All Else Elections 2016 Rights & Liberties Flagler Beach Bunnell Outdoors Health & Society Sports Schools About Advertise on FlaglerLive Community Calendar Useful Links Support FlaglerLive Bookchat RSS Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. | FlaglerLive, P.O. Box 354263, Palm Coast, FL 32135-4263 | 386/586-0257 FlaglerLive.com
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales 'Please stop!': Girl begs as father in Texas drags her by hair through Wal-Mart 2016-09-21-kt-hairdragging.jpg A photo taken from a Facebook post by Erika Burch shows a man dragging his daughter through a Wal-Mart in Texas by wrapping her hair around a shopping cart. (Erika Burch via Facebook) By  Kevin Tampone | ktampone@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author Follow on Twitter on September 21, 2016 at 2:02 PM Print Email Cleveland, Texas — Photos of a man dragging his daughter by her hair through a Texas Wal-Mart are spreading across the Internet. The photos are also sparking anger and debate about proper discipline for children. Erika Burch was shopping at the store, about 45 minutes from Houston, when she saw the girl crying. Her father had wrapped her hair around the shopping cart handle as he pushed it through the Wal-Mart, according to KHOU in Houston. Burch told the station the girl was pleading with her father to stop. "Please stop! I promise I won't do it again! Please stop!" Burch said the 5-year-old said, according to the station. A photo taken from a Facebook post by Erika Burch shows a man dragging his daughter through a Wal-Mart in Texas by wrapping her hair around a shopping cart.Erika Burch via Facebook Burch took some photos and told the man to let the girl go. He told Burch to mind her own business, she said, according to KHOU. Burch's Facebook post on the incident has been shared more than 146,000 times. Plenty of commenters on the post have criticized the father for his actions, but others have argued the man should be free to discipline his child as he sees fit. "He is a sick, sick, sick animal is what he is," Burch said, according to KHOU. The Cleveland Police Department is investigating. "We are taking this pretty serious," Chief Darrel Broussard said, according to KHOU. Broussard applauded the witnesses who tried to intervene on behalf of the child. Ora Schumann, another witness, told KPRC in Houston that the man was angry because the child wasn't staying close by. Child Protective Services workers are investigating the incident as well, KPRC said. Staff members will check in on any other children in the home and determine if the man has a pattern of behavior. "I want her to know, it is not OK for anyone to grab you by the hair of your head, it is not OK for anyone to drag you by the hair on your head," Burch told KHOU. Contact Kevin Tampone anytime: Email | Twitter | Google + | 315-454-2112 About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Home About us Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Reports: Charlotte Protesters Break Into Walmart US News Reports: Charlotte Protesters Break Into Walmart By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | September 21, 2016 AT 1:31 PM Last Updated: September 21, 2016 3:45 pm In this frame from video provided by WBTV, a police vehicle is damaged after protests broke out in Charlotte, N.C. on Sept. 20, 2016, following a fatal shooting of a black man by police. (WBTV via AP) Amid protests in Charlotte, some people looted a Walmart after Interstate 85 was shut down early Wednesday. People also started fires along I-85 during the night, according to local media outlet WCNC. Some tractor-trailers were also looted, and the contents were removed to start two fires along the interstate. The protests were sparked after a black man was shot and killed by a Charlotte police officer on Tuesday. In the incident, 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott was shot at an apartment complex near the University of North Carolina, Charlotte, by a black police officer, identified as Brentley Vinson. They were at the complex to serve a warrant for another man, according to The Associated Press. Read More Trump Says He’s ‘Very Troubled’ by Tulsa Police Shooting Police cleared I-85 by using tear gas several hours after traffic was blocked. Walmart Employees are using wooden pallets to block the main entrance after protestors broke into the store overnight. pic.twitter.com/xnxovNjlj9 — Brian Christiansen (@BrianFox46) September 21, 2016 Just arrived to the N Tryon Walmart. pic.twitter.com/nasCgQmAyM — Logan Sherrill (@LoganFox46) September 21, 2016 FOX46, citing a Walmart employee, reported that iPads and a flat screen television were stolen. Walmart is using pallets to block the front entryway. Grocery carts are being used to block the parking lot. Protesters also threw rocks at police, injuring about a dozen officers, AP reported. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters on Wednesday that officers, who were searching for a suspect, saw Scott exiting a vehicle with a handgun. Officers told him to drop the gun and he got out of his car a second time while still carrying the gun. He said officers shot him because he posed a threat. Related Coverage Protests Over Charlotte Police Shooting Move to Highway “It’s time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story’s a little bit different as to how it’s been portrayed so far, especially through social media,” Putney said, according to AP. His comments were apparently referring to a video posted on social media of a woman claiming to be his daughter live-streaming the scene for about an hour following the shooting. “He didn’t have no gun. He wasn’t messing with nobody,” the woman said. It was unclear if she witnessed the shooting. Read More Police Chief: Officers Warned Black Man to Drop Gun Editor’s Picks What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Grass-Roots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change ‘Human Rights is Part of the DNA of America’: An Interview with Gary Locke on Hillary Clinton, China, and the 2016 Election Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsMichigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead ExposureLatest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water DeliveriesLight Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty BuildingsMichigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children Latest in US Politics Trump Taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for Top Positions Politics Trump on Twitter: Ford Won’t Move Lincoln Assembly to Mexico Politics Flynn: Outspoken General, Intelligence Pro, Trump Supporter Politics Official Says Trump Taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA Job US News Michigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead Exposure US News Latest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water Deliveries US News Light Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty Buildings US News Michigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children US News Video: Man Demands Starbucks Barista Write ‘Trump’ on Cup, Gets Cops Called on Him × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Industry Last Modified: Wed, Sep 21 2016. 10 24 PM IST Wal-Mart India evaluating ‘food-only’ retail model Wal-Mart India CEO says the firm is evaluating all the policy guidelines and as it do not have an ‘only food model’ anywhere, so it needs to conceptualise, evaluate and come up with a model Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: PTI For Wal-Mart India, food retail in the cash and carry business accounts for more than 65% of business. Photo: Bloomberg Mumbai: Wal-Mart India is evaluating policy guidelines to come up with a “food-only” retail model, after the government has allowed 100% foreign direct investment in food retail, a top company official said on Wednesday. “We are currently evaluating all the policy guidelines and we do not have an ‘only food model’ anywhere. So, we need to conceptualise, evaluate and come up with a model, which takes time,” Wal-Mart India CEO Krish Iyer told reporters on the sidelines of India Retail Forum Mumbai. “It is not something we will jump into very quickly,” he added. On government’s move to open up food retail to investment, he said all the stakeholders including retailers, consumers, and farmers will benefit from it, and it will also increase access to capital, which will promote retail enterprise. For Wal-Mart India, food retail in the cash and carry business accounts for more than 65% of business, he said. “Particularly looking at the importance of food, we do believe that we will continue to focus a lot more on food in our cash and carry stores,” Iyer said. He also noted that resellers, particularly mom-and-pop stores are the most important channel for Wal-Mart. “Our e-commerce (B2B) experience has been good, and while we do not speak about the e-commerce sales, more than 50% of buying is digitally influenced,” he said. Iyer further said that Wal-Mart India is focusing on private labels, however, customer buying proposition is more crucial. Wal-Mart India has two private labels – Member’s Mark and Right Buy. “The idea of private labels is to support make in India programme,” he said. Wal-Mart India operates stores in nine states across the country. In the next five years, it is planning to add 50 more stores, taking the total number to 70. “We continue to focus on Tier II and Tier III cities, and the opportunities here are as good as metro towns,” Iyer said, adding that availability of land is a challenge in metros but the company continues to look for good options. PTI Topics: Walmart IndiaFDIFood OnlyKrish IyerFood Retail More from this Section Over 8,100 wilful defaulters owe Rs76,685 crore to banks, Lok Sabha told Infosys invests Rs14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up Demonetisation fallout: Traders delay palm oil shipments, cancel bookings of vessels Volkswagen said to cut 23,000 jobs, save $3.9 billion with labour pact Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Donald Trump’s firm signs deal for Kolkata real estate project Consequences of the demonetisation shock First Published: Wed, Sep 21 2016. 10 08 PM IST Read more from Livemint India’s no first use policy on nukes ‘ambiguous’: Pakistan Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai, & Tourist, Delhi Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Latest News Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Donald Trump selects candidates for CIA, attorney general: transition official Domestic help and the cash Air India to induct two A320 neos in January In your city: Mumbai Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Apps Contests Traffic Events Weather 49° 49° Low 47° High 67° Sat 42° 63° Sun 36° 49° Mon 37° 44° See complete forecast Wal-Mart hands out cash bonuses up to $500 to nearly a million workers in US Posted 12:52 PM, September 21, 2016, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email NEW YORK — Wal-Mart handed out cash bonuses of up to $500 to almost a million workers. The quarterly bonuses went to workers at about 99 percent of its stores in the United States for meeting targets for sales, profit and “customer experience,” which includes cleanliness and checkout time, company spokesman Kory Lundberg said Wednesday. The payouts are part of a $2.7 billion incentive plan launched last year, when Wal-Mart also raised its minimum wage to $9 an hour. “The business plan is starting to work,” Lundberg said. “Customers are starting to notice a difference when they come into the stores to do shopping.” In all, Wal-Mart awarded about $200 million in second-quarter bonuses to 932,000 hourly store employees. Wal-Mart profits and sales for the quarter topped forecasts. Sales in the U.S. rose 3 percent, and earnings per share jumped 12 percent. The number of employees who received bonuses rose from 880,000 in the same quarter last year. As recently as two years ago, only 76 percent of stores were awarded bonuses for meeting targets, Lundberg said. Wal-Mart has about 4,600 stores and 1.5 million employees in the U.S. That includes employees outside stores, like truck drivers and distribution center workers, and employees of Sam’s Club. The bonuses were announced days after Wal-Mart said it would cut 7,000 jobs, though the company said it would try to move the workers to other stores. 40.712784 -74.005941 Related stories Good Samaritan wounded, attacker killed as mother and baby rescued at Wal-Mart Newark students receive back-to-school surprise from Walmart VIDEO: Monkey gets loose, scuffles with Wal-Mart employee in parking lot Filed in: News Topics: Wal-Mart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular 2 arrested in stabbing death of 26-year-old Hofstra grad found in shallow grave in NJ Oregon man’s body dissolves in Yellowstone ‘hot pot’ death Body of Stamford man found with multiple stab wounds at Jersey Shore: sources Professor who predicted election win says Trump will be impeached Latest News Planning a big vacation? These are some of the best hotels in the world Guy Fieri themed bar crawl comes to New York Saturday Polar bear pets dog in heartwarming video Trump chooses Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo for CIA director, sources say News Deep-fried Twinkies hit the freezer aisle at Wal-Mart News Here is your complete 2016 Black Friday guide with ads, hours, tips, tricks and more News Clown costume sales up 300 percent in wake of creepy clown headlines News VIDEO: Monkey gets loose, scuffles with Wal-Mart employee in parking lot News Mattress store closes ‘indefinitely’ after video for 9/11 ‘Twin Tower Sale’ News Two teenage girls in Indiana seen brawling on video as one mother encourages the fight News Macy’s to close about 100 stores in early 2017 News Texas baby found dead in hot car after 9 hours in Wal-Mart parking lot News Good Samaritan wounded, attacker killed as mother and baby rescued at Wal-Mart Nation/World News Amazon to hire 120K seasonal workers for the holidays in New Jersey, Connecticut, 25 other states News Comparing the 25 highest paid female CEOs with their male counterparts News Bees escape in Wal-Mart parking lot, sting several people News 5,300 Wells Fargo employees fired for creating over 2 million phony accounts Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2016, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Request Pricing Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Uncovering the Value in Content Marketing with Wal-Mart Canada September 21, 2016 | Advertising & Marketing Share Email Print Heather Loosemore Senior Director, Marketing and Communications Wal-Mart Canada Shoppers look for value and quality when viewing content, according to Heather Loosemore, senior director of marketing and communications at Wal-Mart Canada. eMarketer’s Sean Creamer spoke with Loosemore about how the brand leverages content marketing. eMarketer: What are some themes Wal-Mart Canada’s content marketing strategy focuses on? Heather Loosemore: Content takes many forms for us because our product selection is vast. Our focus is always on value, requiring us to balance the communication of price and quality. We investigate why Wal-Mart is meaningful in their lives right now, and we build stories around that. Two stories are seasonal refreshes on a budget and keeping the kids happy and mom sane while loading groceries into her trunk. Whatever is meaningful in her life, [whatever] makes her life easier, that’s what we talk to her about, and that’s the theme. eMarketer: How will Wal-Mart Canada ensure it is addressing consumer needs? Loosemore: Our insights team is constantly [analyzing] the needs of the consumers. Not just yearly, but month to month and week to week. In addition, our Wal-Mart Media Group has an incredible amount of direct shopper data. “Our insights team is constantly [analyzing] the needs of the consumers.” A lot of times content marketing programs occur and there isn’t strong research, a test-and-control or learn-and-adapt strategy behind it, and so you can never truly [understand] the value it delivered. eMarketer: How will Wal-Mart Canada utilize media across publishers and digital devices? Loosemore: We ask ourselves what efficiencies we can drive by creating more than one piece of content at a time. Content for us is native within our own properties or native to the platform that it’s delivered on. Every publisher in this market has a native content delivery solution. eMarketer: Where are Wal-Mart Canada consumers watching their media? Loosemore: We’re seeing people consuming shorter videos, Instagram stories, Vine—you’re looking at 5 to 10 seconds to tell a story. You can’t [measure] a 30-second spot against that type of content. eMarketer: How will Wal-Mart scale the brand message across devices? Loosemore: You have to use the right medium. You’re looking at high amounts of mobile usage, specifically moms [using mobile]. [Consumers] being mobile-first is huge, but TV is always going to drive mass awareness. Lastly, display and video display media are always going to push traffic. eMarketer: Does Wal-Mart Canada experiment with new platforms? Loosemore: We wait until something is really a part of the texture of our consumers’ everyday life. We’re not going to be innovators in those formats. We want to get the best prices for our customers in the stores [and reach them on devices they are accustomed to using]. Go beyond the articles eMarketer PRO customers get quick and easy access to the exact data and analysis they need to make critical business decisions: Explore eMarketer PRO Read how companies use eMarketer to make smarter decisions Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars CMOs Are Safeguarding Their Businesses from Market Disruptors Social Media Can Help Brands Earn the Trust of US Hispanics Snapchat Skews Young and Female in the UK More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Key Digital Trends for 2017 Account-Based Marketing—Beyond the Hype Millennials—A Moving Target for Marketers More Webinars » More on this Topic CMOs Are Safeguarding Their Businesses from Market Disruptors Social Media Can Help Brands Earn the Trust of US Hispanics Internet of Things Users in China Skew Young Join eMarketer for a free webinar: Key Digital Trends for 2017 eMarketer Webinar Thursday, December 1, 1pm ET Click to Register. Space is limited. made possible by    SHARE SHARE THIS Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles »         Copyright eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 59° 59° Low 50° High 77° Sat 53° 71° Sun 54° 67° Mon 51° 65° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Nearly 1 Million Wal-Mart Workers Awarded Cash Bonuses as Part of Incentive Plan Posted 8:34 AM, September 21, 2016, by CNN Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email The exterior of an unidentified Wal-Mart Supercenter is seen in a file photo. (Credit: Wal-Mart) × Nearly 1 Million Wal-Mart Workers Awarded Cash Bonuses as Part of Incentive Plan The exterior of an unidentified Wal-Mart Supercenter is seen in a file photo. (Credit: Wal-Mart) Wal-Mart handed out cash bonuses of up to $500 to almost a million workers. The quarterly bonuses went to workers at about 99% of its stores in the United States for meeting targets for sales, profit and “customer experience,” which includes cleanliness and checkout time, company spokesman Kory Lundberg said Wednesday. The payouts are part of a $2.7 billion incentive plan launched last year, when Wal-Mart also raised its minimum wage to $9 an hour. “The business plan is starting to work,” Lundberg said. “Customers are starting to notice a difference when they come into the stores to do shopping.” In all, Wal-Mart awarded about $200 million in second-quarter bonuses to 932,000 hourly store employees. Wal-Mart profits and sales for the quarter topped forecasts. Sales in the U.S. rose 3%, and earnings per share jumped 12%. The number of employees who received bonuses rose from 880,000 in the same quarter last year. As recently as two years ago, only 76% of stores were awarded bonuses for meeting targets, Lundberg said. Walmart has about 4,600 stores and 1.5 million employees in the U.S. That includes employees outside stores, like truck drivers and distribution center workers, and employees of Sam’s Club. The bonuses were announced days after Wal-Mart said it would cut 7,000 jobs, though the company said it would try to move the workers to other stores. 37.090240 -95.712891 Filed in: Money Smart, Nation/World Topics: Wal-Mart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Watch KTLA 5 News Every newscast plus replays streamed online Popular Arizona Grandmother’s Accidental Invite to Wrong Teen for Thanksgiving Dinner Goes Viral Texas Teacher Impregnated by 13-Year-Old Student She Had Sex With ‘on Almost Daily Basis’ Pleads Guilty: Report JetBlue Flash Sale Offers Flights as Low as $34; Book by Wednesday Video Shows Chili’s Manager Taking Away Free Meal From Army Veteran in Texas Latest News LA Auto Show- Opening Day Holidays at Disneyland Resort McDonald’s to Offer Table Service, Touch Screen Ordering at US Locations Fire Crews Respond to Pallet Yard Fire Burning in Perris Nation/World Wal-Mart to Cut 7,000 Jobs, Offer Workers New Role in Company Nation/World Wal-Mart Now Selling Original Golden, Chocolate Deep-Fried Twinkies Nation/World Mother Gives Birth in Checkout Line at Utah Wal-Mart, Insists on Paying for Merchandise Nation/World US Government Grants Wal-Mart Patent to Roll Out ‘Self-Driving’ Shopping Carts Nation/World Woman Dies After Being Run Over by Her Own Vehicle in Parking Lot of Memphis Wal-Mart Nation/World Photo Shows Dead Deer in Shopping Cart at Wal-Mart in Virginia Money Smart Nation/World Wells Fargo to Claw Back Tens of Millions of Dollars From CEO Following Phony Accounts Scandal Local News Money Smart Nation/World 5,300 Wells Fargo Employees Fired After Secretly Creating Millions of Phony Accounts Local News Mom Arrested After Allegedly Leaving Baby in Car While Shopping at Wal-Mart in Palm Springs Local News California Guard Veterans Can Petition to Have Debt Waives After Being Forced to Repay Millions in Enlistment Bonuses Nation/World Texas Teacher Brought to Tears When Good Samaritan Pays for Her School Supplies at Wal-Mart Local News Money Smart Nation/World Amazon Set to Hire 120,000 Seasonal Workers for the Holidays; Jobs Available in SoCal News Wells Fargo CEO to Receive $130 Million After Opting for Early Retirement Amid Scandal Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch Replay: Eye Opener CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener CW Express Yourself Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 58° 58° Low 41° High 63° Sat 37° 60° Sun 44° 65° Mon 59° 71° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Texas Girl Begs for Mercy as Dad Drags Her by the Hair in Walmart Posted 10:00 am, September 21, 2016, by Tribune Media Wire, Updated at 08:26am, September 22, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video CLEVELAND, Texas — Facebook photos showing a man apparently pulling a young girl through a Texas Walmart by her hair have prompted a police investigation after sparking outrage on social media. Erika Burch said she took the photos in a Cleveland Walmart after noticing that he was gripping the little girl's hair to the shopping cart handle and "dragging" her as she cried, "Please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop!" (Courtesy: Erika Burch) Burch, who was shopping with her husband, said she asked the man to let go of the girl's hair and was told to mind her own business. After the argument started escalating, Burch said she called police, but a sergeant told her he couldn't make an arrest without evidence of bodily injury. Burch said the sergeant told her that the Walmart shopper "has the right to discipline his children." (Courtesy: Erika Burch) "People are telling me I'm wrong for stepping up for this little girl, but you can discipline a child without dragging them by the hair on their head, especially in Walmart," Burch told KTRK. Burch's Facebook post has been shared tens of thousands of times, and after "numerous calls" the Cleveland Police Department announced on its own page that there is currently a joint investigation underway between police and Child Protective Services. Cleveland police Chief Darrel Broussard told KPRC-TV that he was "very concerned for the well-being of the child." Police would not give any updates into the investigation Tuesday evening. 30.341320 -95.085488 Related stories Video: Cyclist Gets Doored by Chicago Driver ‘It’s My Job to Save Them’ Hero Driver Pulls Children From Burning Bus Video: Carjacker Has a Gun, But Driver Has a Pressure Washer Filed in: Watercooler Topics: Caught on Camera, controversy Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Download The CW33 News App! Download your CW33 app in the App Store or Google Play — and check out all the new features! Popular Dallas Church Welcomes LGBT Members, Loses Baptist Association Ties Team Arrow Faces Off With Prometheus And Gets Ready To Encounter The Vigilante, AKA Ski Goggles! Slain Dallas Officer’s Father Sues Black Lives Matter Humanizing Tomi Lahren: Popular Political Commentator Gets Personal With NewsFix Latest News Polar Bear Kills Sled Dog Where Heartwarming Video Was Shot Lisa Lynn Masters Suicide: Gossip Girl, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Actress Found Dead at 52 Man at Yellowstone Dies As Body Dissolves in Acidic Hot Pool TravelFix: Drew Sets Travel World Record! Watercooler Ohio Mom Gives Birth in Walmart Checkout Line National/World News Man Kills Co-Worker’s 3-Year-Old Daughter at Factory ‘For No Apparent Reason,’ Police Say National/World News 911 call: ‘Let My Brother Go,’ 8-Year-Old Boy Says He Told Would-Be Kidnapper National/World News Heartbreaking Surveillance Video Shows Child Left Overnight In the Cold Watercooler Virginia Men Roll Dead Deer Into Walmart in a Shopping Cart National/World News Mother Dies After Son Throws Her Out Second Floor Window, Stomps On Her Head: Police Watercooler Surprise Police Proposal by Virginia Cop Moves Girlfriend to Tears National/World News Video Shows Maryland Police Pepper-Spraying 15-Year-Old Girl National/World News Man Records Facebook Video of Toddler Found Crying, Walking Alone at 3 a.m. National/World News Teacher Brought To Tears When Stranger Pays For Her School Supplies At Wal-Mart Watercooler Texas Boy Running Late for Kindergarten Stops to Say ‘Pledge of Allegiance’ National/World News Stranger Chokes 4-Month-Old Baby at Walmart National/World News Transcripts Reveal Mother Watched As 10-Year-Old Daughter Was Raped, Killed Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2016, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Share 58 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Entertainment 2016-11-17 ‘Lemony Snicket’s A Series Of Unfortunate Events’ Trailer Released Today: Netflix Is At It Again Entertainment 2016-11-17 Jessa Duggar Comments On Joy-Anna Duggar Courting News On Instagram And Seewald Family Blog: ‘Counting On’ Star Still Hides Baby Bump Entertainment 2016-11-16 MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-18 Obama Criticizes Fake News On Facebook, ‘Misinformation Threatens Democracy’ News 2016-11-17 Man Dissolves While Attempting To ‘Hot Pot’ In Yellowstone Hot Spring, Sister Captures Death On Phone News 2016-11-17 ‘Catfish’ Victim Mitchell Bowie, 18, Commits Suicide After Online ‘Girlfriend’ Threatens His Life News 2016-11-17 Dina Manzo Confirms Teresa Giudice’s Claim Jacqueline Laurita Once Hit Caroline Manzo In The Face Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 7 — Dhaka Vs. Chittagong, Rangpur Vs. Barisal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Gaming 2016-11-18 Best Buy’s Black Friday Pokemon Deals: Seize The Opportunity To Gear Yourself Up For A Rock-Bottom Price Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Release: Anticipation ‘Enormous’ For Fall 2017 Sequel Gaming 2016-11-18 Free ‘Lost Odyssey’ Promotion Leaked For Xbox One Owners, Just A Test Or Coming Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-18 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Social Media’s #UNameItChallenge Goes Viral Before Thanksgiving, Gospel Star Shirley Caesar Responds BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Teacher Ruins Autistic Boy’s Role In School Play, Leaves Him Sobbing On Stage In Front Of Audience BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Flagstaff Police Officer Caught On Tape Punching Woman In The Face, Department Is Investigating [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Texas Walmart Shopper Allegedly Drags Daughter Through The Store By Her Hair [Video] Human Interest 58 0 0 September 21, 2016 Texas Walmart Shopper Allegedly Drags Daughter Through The Store By Her Hair [Video] Robert Jonathan A Texas man who allegedly dragged his five-year-old daughter by the hair while he pushed a shopping cart at a Houston-area Walmart is apparently under investigation by local police and child protective services. Cleveland, Texas, police told the local media that investigators are meeting with the family as part of the probe, which apparently was prompted by a social media post that went viral. “Police are concerned at this time for the children who may be in the home with the dad who appeared to have been a little aggressive at the time,” Chief Darrel Broussard told KTRK. By way of explanation of what happened, the man apparently told officers, “His three children including the 5-year-old girl, had been disruptive in the store, and that holding her by the hair was his method of disciplining her,” the Houston Chronicle reported about the Walmart hair-pulling incident that occurred on Monday evening. A good Samaritan who confronted the man in the store and brought the alleged hair-pulling incident to the attention of authorities when the dad told her to mind her own business posted pictures to her Facebook page. In her Facebook post, an outraged Erika Burch claims that a police sergeant who responded to the scene in Walmart claimed that the dad “has the right to discipline his children,” and there was no visible bodily injury (i.e., missing hair or bruises) to the little girl that would constitute child abuse. Police investigating father for hair pulling incident in Walmart: https://t.co/ggWgQ8UPXJ #abc13 #TxNews pic.twitter.com/nLU2P8S9TM — abc13 Houston (@abc13houston) September 21, 2016 On Facebook, Erika Burch described what she says she witnessed on the evening in question in a plea to make the story go viral. “Me and Robert are in Walmart in Cleveland Texas getting lunchables for our babies for school. Robert said “Do you see what that guy is doing to that little girl?” I turned around to this this pos dragging this little girl by the hair of her head!! He had her hair wrapped around the buggy dragging her! She is begging him to stop! She was saying ‘please stop,I promise I won’t do it again please stop!’ I took my phone out snapped pictures and then told him to let the little girls hair go! He told me to mind my own business! I said ‘No I’m not! Right now this little girl is my business and you need to let her hair go now!…” The post has subsequently been shared about 130,000 times as of this writing. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y5LCF2AaPrk?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> “People are telling me I’m wrong for stepping up for this little girl, but you can discipline a child without dragging them by the hair on their head, especially in Walmart,” Burch Told KTRK. “I want help for that little girl so that she knows nobody is supposed to do that to her.” In the early stages of the probe, CPS investigators are looking into whether or not “a pattern of inappropriate discipline” is taking place in the family, the Chronicle noted. Another witness claimed the man grabbed the little girl by the hair and pulled her to the shopping cart because “he was angry because she wasn’t standing right next to the basket,” KPRC Click2 Houston reported. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/emR-H079UNo?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> On the department’s Facebook page yesterday, Cleveland, Texas, police responded to the controversy. “The Cleveland Police Department has received numerous calls in regards to a child having her hair pulled last night at Cleveland Wal-Mart. We want to assure the community this case is currently being investigated by our Detective Division. CPS has been contacted per our policy and is also investigating this case. A joint investigation is currently being conducted by both agencies.” https://t.co/cxLTYopGxf — ABC 7 WWSB (@mysuncoast) September 21, 2016 CPS authorities indicated that in general, kids usually stay in the family home while child abuse investigations are pending. [Featured Image by Tony Gutierrez/AP Images] Now Watch This: Japan’s Oldest Male Heir To Throne Dies, Only Four Remain Now Read This: California High School Student Allegedly Beaten For Supporting Trump On Instagram [Video] Share 58 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Robert Jonathan Tags: Cleveland Texas, hair pulling, walmart, child abuse Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE Rumors: Is James Ellsworth Signing With WWE? ‘Survivor Series’ Team Mascot No Longer Taking Indie Bookings ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Blake Shelton Is Not Ready To ‘Pull The Plug’ On His Relationship With Gwen Stefani [Debunked] Meghan Markle Nude Photos Exposed! Could This Scandal Derail Prince Harry’s Engagement Plans? Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Divorce? Kim ‘Furious’ & Fighting With Husband After Robbery [Rumors] Jennifer Lopez And Marc Anthony Kiss Onstage After Surprise Duet At 2016 Latin Grammy Awards Barcelona Vs. Malaga : Preview, Prediction, Probable Line-Ups, Betting Odds, And Live Streaming Roland Emmerich Confirms Why The ‘Stargate’ Reboot Is No Longer Happening Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Divorce: Marion Cotillard Weighs In On Cheating Rumors Blac Chyna Paid $1 Million To Film Dream Kardashian’s Birth [Report] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 12k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 9.6k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 8.9k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 59.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 33k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 683 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Blake Shelton Is Not Ready To ‘Pull The Plug’ On His Relationship With Gwen Stefani [Debunked] 0 0 0 Meghan Markle Nude Photos Exposed! Could This Scandal Derail Prince Harry’s Engagement Plans? 0 0 0 Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Divorce? Kim ‘Furious’ & Fighting With Husband After Robbery [Rumors] 0 0 0 Jennifer Lopez And Marc Anthony Kiss Onstage After Surprise Duet At 2016 Latin Grammy Awards 1 0 0 Barcelona Vs. Malaga : Preview, Prediction, Probable Line-Ups, Betting Odds, And Live Streaming 0 0 0 Roland Emmerich Confirms Why The ‘Stargate’ Reboot Is No Longer Happening 2 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Still no news conference from President-elect Trump World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Greed is back on Wall Street after Trump's win Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech How Micromax took the fight to Apple, Samsung Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Another election winner: For profit-colleges Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Entrepreneurs to Trump: Don't take away our Obamacare Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Buckingham Palace set for $458 million refurbishment Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Walmart awards cash bonuses to nearly a million workers by Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN September 21, 2016: 10:23 AM ET What's driving Walmart's sales? Walmart handed out cash bonuses of up to $500 to almost a million workers. The quarterly bonuses went to workers at about 99% of its stores in the United States for meeting targets for sales, profit and "customer experience," which includes cleanliness and checkout time, company spokesman Kory Lundberg said Wednesday. The payouts are part of a $2.7 billion incentive plan launched last year, when Walmart also raised its minimum wage to $9 an hour. "The business plan is starting to work," Lundberg said. "Customers are starting to notice a difference when they come into the stores to do shopping." In all, Walmart (WMT) awarded about $200 million in second-quarter bonuses to 932,000 hourly store employees. Walmart profits and sales for the quarter topped forecasts. Sales in the U.S. rose 3%, and earnings per share jumped 12%. Walmart paid $200 million in cash bonuses to 932,000 hourly store employees as part of a multi-billion dollar effort to ramp up profits. Related: Walmart buying Jet.com to rival Amazon The number of employees who received bonuses rose from 880,000 in the same quarter last year. As recently as two years ago, only 76% of stores were awarded bonuses for meeting targets, Lundberg said. Walmart has about 4,600 stores and 1.5 million employees in the U.S. That includes employees outside stores, like truck drivers and distribution center workers, and employees of Sam's Club. The bonuses were announced days after Walmart said it would cut 7,000 jobs, though the company said it would try to move the workers to other stores. CNNMoney (New York) First published September 21, 2016: 10:23 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Megyn Kelly: 'I felt like a human being who had been dropped into a shark tank' 8 reasons why starting a trade war with China is a bad idea Peru is shining amid Latin America woes Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner 5 cards offering 0% interest until 2018 Transferring your debt to a 21-month 0% intro APR is ingenious 10 jaw-dropping balance transfer offers A $500 intro bonus has arrived A proven method to pay off credit cards Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .


Walmart India says may actively look at 'food-only' retail model - Firstpost Firstpost F. business Front Page Politics Demonetisation debate stalls Parliament for 2nd day: Congress dares Modi; BJP demands apology for Azad's remark Demonetisation: Signs of deep freeze in Mumbai realty as stamp duty, registrations fall by 35% Demonetisation: Modi shying away from debate in Parliament to avoid facing truth, says Congress Demonetisation: Withdrawal limit for marriages perked up, but patients left to suffer Demonetisation or Cauvery issue, AIADMK in Tamil Nadu has to get its act together and fast Debit cards: Govt says Forensic auditor probing data breach Sports India vs England: Ravichandran Ashwin hits out at media, asks them to stop throwing pitch jibes India vs England: Despite Moeen Ali's best efforts, visitors face daunting task to avoid defeat Mannequin Challenge: From Jamie Vardy to Kapil Dev, everyone's joining the viral sensation Fifa President Gianni Infantino wants 32 teams in Club World Cup India vs England: Spinners put hosts on top after visitors' batting collapse India vs England, 2nd Test: Ravichandran Ashwin the all-rounder returns to put hosts in firm command India Arnab Goswami signs into last evening at Times Now, will exit without a big bang Demonetisation: Data from SBI shows how public sector banks are saving the day for Modi govt Demonetisation: How 'jugaad' payment systems are helping grocers, small vendors to combat cash crunch Demonetisation LIVE: Banks across India to serve senior citizens on Saturday, to remain shut on Sunday Demonetisation debate stalls Parliament for 2nd day: Congress dares Modi; BJP demands apology for Azad's remark Demonetisation: Currency withdrawal and exchange rules explained in five graphs World Pakistan terms India's no First Use policy on nukes 'ambiguous', says Parrikar's comments worrisome China finds Donald Trump lookalike: Bird with US President-elect's hairstyle attracts crowd Why is Sheikh Hasina's 'secular' govt so woefully inept at curbing atrocities against Hindus in Bangladesh Manila: Former dictator Ferdinand Marcos given a hero's burial at the Cemetery of Heroes Donald Trump's plan to repeal Obamacare is easier said than done Seismologists warn of more earthquakes in New Zealand after temblor of magnitude 7.8 Business Demonetisation: Currency withdrawal and exchange rules explained in five graphs Demonetisation: What's with the fuss, let the Modi govt crackdown on black money Exorbitant air fares: No limit for metro routes as regional fares capped Demonetisation: Narendra Modi govt owes the common man answers to these two questions Ratan Tata created the mess and he should resolve it quickly, says The Economist Demonetisation: Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? Life Indore's night market is a food lover's paradise: Experience it through this documentary Women’s safety: Technological innovation can help, but cannot actually change people E-cigarettes as harmful for your gum as smoking, reveals study Time magazine's 100 most influential photos of all time include 'Falling Man', 'Iwo Jima' Smokers have higher lifetime risk of fatal blood vessel aneurysm in abdomen Insomnia may up risk of irregular heartbeat, stroke, says study Entertainment Radhika Apte and Sayani Gupta discuss their film Parched on The Firstpost Show Coldplay, who? NCP gets dhol group 'Hotplay' to perform near Global citizen concert venue Suriya, Gautham Menon, Vijay announce new films: Has demonetisation caused insecurity in Kollywood? Shah Rukh Khan and Ranbir Kapoor to work in an international film together? Force 2 review: Slick mix of action, John Abraham, suspense and an appealing villain Bigg Boss 9 contestants Suyyash Rai, Kishwer Merchantt to get married on 16 December Photos Videos Demonetisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Business News Walmart India says may actively look at 'food-only' retail model Sep 21, 2016 17:24 IST #B2B model   #E-Commerce   #FDI   #food retail   #Krish Iyer   #Member's Mark   #Right Buy   #Walmart India   By PTI Mumbai: Walmart India is evaluating policy guidelines to come up with a "food-only" retail model, after the government has allowed 100 percent foreign direct investment in food retail, a top company official said today. "We are currently evaluating all the policy guidelines and we do not have an 'only food model' anywhere. So, we need to conceptualise, evaluate and come up with a model, which takes time," Walmart India CEO Krish Iyer said on the sidelines of India Retail Forum here. "It is not something we will jump into very quickly," he added. On government's move to open up food retail for investment, he said all the stakeholders including retailers, consumers, and farmers will benefit from it, and it will also increase access to capital, which will promote retail enterprise. For Walmart India, food retail in the cash and carry business accounts for more than 65 percent of business, he said. "Particularly looking at the importance of food, we do believe that we will continue to focus a lot more on food in our cash and carry stores," Iyer said. He also noted that resellers, particularly mom-and-pop stores are the most important channel for Walmart. "Our e-commerce (B2B) experience has been good, and while we do not speak about the e-commerce sales, more than 50 percent of buying is digitally influenced," he said. Iyer further said that Walmart India is focusing on private labels, however, customer buying proposition is more crucial. Walmart India has two private labels - Member's Mark and Right Buy. "The idea of private labels is to support Make in India programme," he said. also see Demonetisation will hit agriculture, informal sector workers the most: Study Cigarette stocks take pounding on FDI woes, Godfrey Phillips sheds 18% Foreign direct investment jumps 77.5% to $5.15 billion in September Walmart India operates stores in nine states across the country. In the next five years, it is planning to add 50 more stores, taking the total number to 70. "We continue to focus on Tier II and Tier III cities, and the opportunities here are as good as metro towns," Iyer said, adding that availability of land is a challenge in metros but the company continues to look for good options. First Published On : Sep 21, 2016 17:24 IST Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE India Vs England Live Score IND vs ENG | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage ENG 103 5 49.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS LIVE New Zealand Vs Pakistan Live Score NZ vs PAK | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage NZ 104 3 36.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Demonetisation: Was Narendra Modi forced to abort RBI's plan to calibrate ATMs? India vs England: Ashwin, Jayant Yadav Put India in Command at Vizag - News18 Demonetisation: Nearly 10 days in, the pain has yet to ease for the common man Demonetisation: Myopic Opposition walks straight into trap laid by PM Narendra Modi Your will alone does not matter... A Will does - Moneycontrol Firstpost special report: What India must do to end abuse of children Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ Vs PAK Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI West Indies beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 TBC vs TBC - Nov 27th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 4th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 6th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST 1 Walmart India says may actively look at 'food-only' retail model Demonetisation: Currency withdrawal and exchange rules explained in five graphs Demonetisation: What's with the fuss, let the Modi govt crackdown on black money Exorbitant air fares: No limit for metro routes as regional fares capped Ratan Tata created the mess and he should resolve it quickly, says The Economist site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks   Menu e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope Friday, Nov 18, 2016 | Last Update : 09:04 PM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks Business Walmart India evaluating 'food-only' retail model PTI Published : Sep 21, 2016, 4:28 pm IST Updated : Sep 21, 2016, 4:28 pm IST Walmart India operates stores in nine states across the country. In the next five years, it is planning to add 50 more stores, taking the total number to 70.  walmart AFP_0_0_0_0_0_0.jpg Walmart India operates stores in nine states across the country. In the next five years, it is planning to add 50 more stores, taking the total number to 70. Mumbai : Walmart India is evaluating policy guidelines to come up with a "food-only" retail model, after the government has allowed 100 per cent foreign direct investment in food retail, a top company official said on September 21. "We are currently evaluating all the policy guidelines and we do not have an 'only food model' anywhere. So, we need to conceptualise, evaluate and come up with a model, which takes time," Walmart India CEO Krish Iyer told reporters on the sidelines of India Retail Forum here. "It is not something we will jump into very quickly," he added. On government's move to open up food retail to investment, he said all the stakeholders including retailers, consumers, and farmers will benefit from it, and it will also increase access to capital, which will promote retail enterprise. For Walmart India, food retail in the cash and carry business accounts for more than 65 per cent of business, he said. "Particularly looking at the importance of food, we do believe that we will continue to focus a lot more on food in our cash and carry stores," Iyer said. He also noted that resellers, particularly mom-and-pop stores are the most important channel for Walmart. "Our e-commerce (B2B) experience has been good, and while we do not speak about the e-commerce sales, more than 50 per cent of buying is digitally influenced," he said. Iyer further said that Walmart India is focusing on private labels, however, customer buying proposition is more crucial. Walmart India has two private labels Member's Mark and Right Buy. "The idea of private labels is to support make in India programme," he said. Walmart India operates stores in nine states across the country. In the next five years, it is planning to add 50 more stores, taking the total number to 70. "We continue to focus on Tier II and Tier III cities, and the opportunities here are as good as metro towns," Iyer said, adding that availability of land is a challenge in metros but the company continues to look for good options. MOST POPULAR 1 Salman Khan to appear on 'Koffee With Karan' with... 2 Man dissolves in acidic water in US 3 Chris Martin croons 'Yellow', Bollywood goes gaga over him! 4 Confirmed! Jhanvi Kapoor will be launched by Karan Johar 5 Why agents don’t sell you term plans; here’s the truth more Columnist Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay Will Modi’s high-risk gambit pay dividends? The verdict in UP will reveal if Mr Modi has read the mind of the electorate correctly or not. Patralekha Chatterjee The mantra of today’s India: Q is for queue For those old enough to remember, for many years in India queueing up was not seen as a virtuous activity. Parsa Venkateshwar Rao Jr Note ban economic quackery by govt? PM Modi succeeded in scoring political brownie points as the middle class is star-struck by his ‘surgical strike’ on black money. K C Singh Can ‘Make in India’ & ‘America First’ merge? Mr Modi must find the first opportunity to meet him to develop chemistry and sell a shared vision of 21st century Asia. more Editors' Picks Why agents don’t sell you term plans; here’s the truth Oakter Smart Home review: Make your home smart, starting Rs 2,800 How to steer clear from online phishing attacks, avoid being a victim to scams Good news! Some of you can still use WhatsApp after December 31 After notes, will our rights vanish too? more Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The Asian Age. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: The Asian Age Daksh Patrika By Daksham
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Lifestyle Mum sues teen daughter for becoming boy ‘Scary Spice is still the real me. I’m still annoying!’ What’s happened to Hillary’s face? Death and sexuality - it can be a fine line Did wed Trump try to pick up model? Behold the Baileys Choc Chip Cookie Cup Sordid new pictures of Atkins Inside the world of Dominatrix Yoga real life wtf Dad allegedly pulls trolley in supermarket with his daughter’s hair wrapped around handle September 21, 20161:20pm This image of a young girl, allegedly with her hair pulled around the shopping trolley, has sparked an investigation. Picture: Erika Burch/Facebook Ian HorswillNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend A FATHER allegedly dragged his five-year-old daughter by her hair by wrapping it around the top of a shopping trolley as they went through a supermarket. The young child was crying “please stop. I promise I won’t do it again. Please stop.” The incident at a Walmart store in Cleveland, Texas, was captured on camera by alarmed shoppers Erika Burch and Robert Burch and is now being investigated by police as child endangerment. “People are telling me I’m wrong for stepping up for this little girl, but you can discipline a child without dragging them by the hair on their head, especially in Walmart,” Erika Burch told KTRK. The father can clearly be seen to pulling his daughter's hair as they shop in Cleveland, Ohio. Picture: Erika Burch / FacebookSource:Facebook Erika Burch said in a Facebook post that she and her husband were buying food for their children’s school lunches in the Walmart when her husband pointed out that a man was allegedly dragging his daughter by the hair on her head, by wrapping it around the shopping trolley. “She is begging him to stop ... ‘please stop, I promise I won’t do it again, please stop.” She claims she told the father to stop what he was doing with his daughter and he told her to “mind my own business”. “I have three little girls of my own,” Burch told the Chronicle. “I’ll be damned if I’ll ever let anybody pull them by the hair of their heads.” The little girl can clearly to be seen in pain as her father pushes the trolley with her hair wrapped around the handles. Picture: Facebook/Erika BurchSource:Facebook The young girl allegedly yells ‘please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop’ as her father pulls the shopping trolley with her hair wrapped around the shopping trolley. Picture: Erika Burch/FacebookSource:Facebook Erika Burch telephoned the police and an officer who was in the store told her that for there to be any investigation there had to be visible signs of injuries. She published the pictures on her Facebook page in the hope it would alert authorities. Cleveland Police said on its Facebook page that it had received “numerous calls” about a girl being pulled by her hair at Walmart. Cleveland Police chief Darrel Broussard told the Chronicle that police received a call about the incident about 4.45pm on Monday. The man, whom Broussard did not identify, told police that his three children including the five-year-old girl, had been disruptive in the store, and that holding her by the hair was his method of disciplining her. Extreme Parenting0:29 Extreme parenting is under the microscope on Sunday Night. Supplied: Seven Network March 11th 2016 8 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Jump back to top Right now in lifestyle 77Readers Mum Anmarie Calgaro sues teen daughter in Minnesota for tran... 80Readers Donald Trump election win: Hillary Clinton’s face says it al... 54Readers New photos and details about Michael Atkins’ rampant sex lif... 43Readers Roxy Jacenko book extract from Blonde Ambition: Roxy’s incre... 30Readers Sydney Festival of Death and Dying: Peter Banki explains ero... A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2016. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, November 18, 2016, 9:34 a.m. Home / News / Chelsea Clinton: Assisting women benefits the world At Initiative meeting, she singles out Wal-Mart, McLartys for recognition By Frank E. Lockwood This article was published September 21, 2016 at 5:45 a.m. PHOTO BY AP / MARK LENNIHAN Chelsea Clinton, vice chairman of the Clinton Foundation, enters the stage at the Clinton Global Initiative as her father, former U.S. President Bill Clinton, leaves the stage after speaking Monday in New York. Comment (1) aAFont Size FULL ELECTION COVERAGE State-by-state delegate breakdown 2016 presidential election calendar Presidential issues quiz: Where do you stand? 2016 presidential candidate tracker 2016 presidential finances comparison Arkansas candidate tracker Sign up for free, daily email alerts from the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette As the Clinton Global Initiative winds down, organizers are announcing the latest charitable commitments that its partners have made. FULL ELECTION COVERAGE State-by-state delegate breakdown 2016 presidential election calendar Presidential issues quiz: Where do you stand? 2016 presidential candidate tracker 2016 presidential finances comparison Arkansas candidate tracker Sign up for free, daily email alerts from the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Chelsea Clinton: Assisting women benefits the world Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Can't fix world, Obama says in farewell to U.... Little Rock crash victim gets $48,000 OBITUARY: Capturing glimpses was Little Rock ... Little Rock airport's new lease for hangar ap... Chelsea Clinton: Assisting women benefits the... $3M OK'd for repairs at Arkansas deaf, blind ... Whittling Medicaid backlog, state says Little Rock Zoo's chief to retire in October Pipeline bypass ready, Southeast gas to flow ... More News stories > Comment on: Chelsea Clinton: Assisting women benefits the world To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 total comment Nodmcm says... September 21, 2016 at 7:06 a.m. The fate of women hangs in the balance of this election. It Trump wins, women better start looking and acting a lot more like Melania, because political correctness will be gone and terms like "broad," "wench," and the really derogatory terms will become de rigeur. Who knows, maybe the Republicans can ban birth control, which will keep some women at home with their eight children, and thus out of the work force competing with men for jobs. Who knows how bad things will get for women under a Trump presidency. At least the ones who look like supermodels will be A-OK with Trump and Republicans! ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Photos of car tied to Little Rock homicide released; police say shop owner was intended victim (1 comment) Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG (2 comments) Resign, NAACP tells Arkansas school panel member who wore 'blackface' (12 comments) Face addiction, report urges U.S. (2 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: How it happened (29 comments) Ex-Arkansas band director gets 15 years on sex charges involving teens (1 comment) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | PHOTOS | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Personal Finance | Business Leader Awards Brilliant Taylor strikes form to hand Windies Women first win 9:57 AM Caricom states losing millions due to bad agricultural practices 9:42 AM Congresswoman urges Trump to remove white nationalist sympathiser from White House team 9:17 AM Man killed while attempting to rob students 8:33 AM Jamaica Cancer Society outlines dangers of smoking 8:04 AM Caricom team in Haiti to monitor presidential elections 7:48 AM Health ministry to adopt World Health Organization HIV guidelines 7:32 AM Gov’t undertaking $4.92-b upgrade of airport communications and navigations systems 8:53 PM Japan PM says 'great confidence' in Trump as leader 7:34 PM Flash Flood Warning issued for Portland, St Mary 7:31 PM Trump considers Romney as top US diplomat: report 6:54 PM Two men killed in St Catherine 5:39 PM Forex: J$129.10 to one US dollar 5:19 PM Heavy rain puts NWA on alert in north and eastern parishes 4:43 PM Earth sees hottest year-to-date in modern era: US 4:12 PM Motorcyclist killed in Red Hills freak crash 4:03 PM Crime rate down — Vision 2030 report 3:52 PM INDECOM employee, son arrested by CISOCA 3:51 PM Manchester businessman charged with cheating taxes 1:42 PM $2.5-B MoBay port development back on track 1:29 PM US woman held with cash exceeding US$45 K at NMIA 1:03 PM Puerto Rico unveils US$200 M cancer treatment, research centre 12:55 PM Gun found in bike compartment, 4 men arrested 11:30 AM Truck driver charged in fatal Mandela crash  11:23 AM 3 men arrested in Princess Street gun find 11:00 AM Business Wal-Mart completes US$3 billion-plus purchase of Jet.com Wednesday, September 21, 2016     Tweet NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart said on Monday it has completed its deal to buy fast-growing Jet.com for US$3 billion in cash plus US$300 million in stock, an acquisition aimed at helping the world’s largest retailer attract younger and more affluent customers to drive online sales. The hefty price tag shows how heavily Wal-Mart is willing to invest as it tries to boost online sales that totalled US$13.7 billion last year — still just a fraction of the company’s annual revenue. While Wal-Mart and Jet.com will operate as separate brands, Wal-Mart has said it will incorporate some of Jet.com’s “smart technology” that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. As part of the deal, which was announced in early August, Jet.com co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will oversee both that site and Walmart.com, and will report to Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon. Lore will serve as executive vice president at Wal-Mart and president and CEO of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce business in the U.S. Lore brings to the role a rich e-commerce résumé as founder of Quidsi, the parent Diapers.com, which was bought by Amazon for US$500 million in 2010. As part of the stock portion of the deal, Lore received 3.55 million shares of restricted Wal-Mart common stock to be paid over five years. The exact value depends on Wal-Mart’s share price. But based on Monday’s closing price of US$72.09, the shares would have a current worth of nearly US$256 million. Jet’s pricing technology is built on an algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping, and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart as well as how far the desired products are from the shoppers’ home. So shoppers are encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labelled “smart cart” for more savings. Analysts say that the deal still won’t enable Wal-Mart to catch up to online leader Amazon.com in sales, but will help narrow the gap and should widen the distance between Wal-Mart and other online rivals. For Jet.com, which had been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, being owned by Wal-Mart should accelerate its path to profitability. In a Wal-Mart blog post on Monday, McMillon wrote, “Wal-Mart and Jet.com obsess about saving customers time and money. By joining forces, we’ll be better at doing both, creating seamless shopping from app to site to store.” On McMillon’s Instagram account was an image of Jet’s purple T-shirt with a note saying, “I’ve been waiting a month to put on this shirt”. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES Irrigation to keep pressure on agricultural growth Dehring says Ready TV is in keeping with ‘5 in 4’ growth plan     New Africa-based Pacific Cigarette targets local smokers Demand for personal loans hits a high note 138 Student Living reduces losses First Global Bank to open in Portmore Trump’s win trumps gains in financial assets David Noel back from Barbados to be deputy CEO for Scotiabank The economic significance of Mr Bolt’s ‘Triple-Triple’ Puerto Rico warns of cash crunch when debt moratorium ends Trump’s election ‘won’t change’ Canada-Cuba ties – Trudeau One-quarter make money from online platforms in US — survey LNG to open new opportunities OUR tells JPS to fix system to prevent future outages Much more than a Bitt A revaluation of the Jamaican $ may be on the cards — Wynter JN members vote in favour of commercial bank Peat eyes Jamaica on his march to energy equality JMMB benefits from bond buy-back windfall Earnings flat, but SVL bullish on future ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Poll Can current government strategies reduce crime? Yes No What strategies? View Results » ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Food MLK’s booth at his go-to barbecue joint became a memorial. Then it disappeared. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jim Shahin Columnist, Food September 19 Follow @jimshahin An undated photo of Aleck’s Barbecue Heaven in Atlanta, where the booth at back right was dedicated to the memory of Martin Luther King Jr. (From Pam Alexander) A few hours later, she would end up teary-eyed in the back yard of the house she once owned, pointing to a plot of ground on this rainy August evening in Atlanta and murmuring, over and over, “This is where it was.” But first, Pam Alexander took me to Walmart. She ambled up one aisle and down another in the gigantic store, in search of the photos of notable neighborhood businesses and residents that Walmart had promised to display. [They fed the civil rights movement. Now are black-owned barbecue joints dying?] One such honoree was Alexander’s former business, the legendary Aleck’s Barbecue Heaven. It was one of six barbecue restaurants that her father had opened around town. But this one, on what was once Hunter Street and is now Martin Luther King Jr. Drive, achieved fame because the man whom the street’s name honors used to eat there regularly. King and other leaders of the civil rights movement hung out at Aleck’s, sometimes planning, sometimes just relaxing, over plates of ribs drenched in the restaurant’s famous spicy Come Back sauce. “All of the morning business was carried out at Paschal’s,” a motel and restaurant where activists met to strategize, Andrew Young, a prominent civil rights activist and former Atlanta mayor, told me. “But in the evening and late at night, you’d always stop at Aleck’s.” [A barbecue case that helped the cause of civil rights] Walmart stands more or less on the land where the tiny restaurant once operated. The photos were intended as an homage to the area — in the way, I suppose, that towns are named after American Indian tribes that have been conquered and street names reflect the types of trees that were bulldozed to create the subdivision. After asking a few employees about the photos, Alexander found a manager, who told us the marketing team had ordered them removed because they risked confusing the Walmart brand with something local. The manager said she didn’t know what happened to the photos. This booth at Aleck’s Barbecue Heaven was a tribute to Martin Luther King Jr. The boy in the photo is not identified. (From Pam Alexander) ‘You had to come by Aleck’s’ I first learned of Aleck’s in 1988, when I traveled to Atlanta to cover the Democratic National Convention for the alternative weekly Austin Chronicle in Texas. It was a tiny place, with four beat-up booths along the wall and a small black-and-white television sitting at one end of a peeling Formica counter. I swooned over the charred ribs, which had been smoked over hickory, oak and cherry woods and were served atop a slice of white sandwich bread and beneath a glorious swamp of that Come Back sauce. During my visit, one booth toward the back was surrounded by mementos and a large black-and-white photo of King — a sort of altar, in a place where he had once sat. Even in this cramped space, where seats were at a premium, no one ever tried to sit there. They knew it was reserved for King’s memory. [A booth worthy of its own memorial] With the impending opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington this month, I returned to Atlanta to see if I could find that booth. In my mind, it would be perfect for the museum: a way to illustrate the importance of eating places generally — and barbecue places and Aleck’s specifically — to black history. Now, all these years later, Alexander met me at the Walmart. I asked about the booth. She had been cryptic in our conversations. “I have more to tell you,” she had texted, finally. She revealed now that the owner of her former house, where the booth had been stored, had told her that a tree fell on it and the booth had been hauled off the property to a landfill. I was crestfallen. But I was here. So we went into the Walmart. She hadn’t been inside before; she couldn’t bring herself to revisit the site where Aleck’s had once been. Alexander grew up in Aleck’s, stirring the pot of sauce as a child. Her father was Ernest James Alexander. But most everyone knew him as Aleck — and as a go-to man. “If you were running for office, you had to come by Aleck’s,” Young said. “He knew everything about everyone. The New York Times reporter or Washington Post reporter trying to figure out what’s going on in the community, he’d go to Aleck’s.” Ernest James “Aleck” Alexander, right, works the pit at his barbecue restaurant with employee Jack Alford in an undated photo. (From Pam Alexander) Aleck grew up in Liberty, Mo., and attended Fisk University, a historically black university in Nashville. While there, he met Virginia Berry, who would become his wife. After graduating, Aleck taught English and coached football at Fort Valley State College for a couple of years, then moved with Virginia to Atlanta, where, in 1942, he opened a rib shack. About a year later, he opened a second Aleck’s, a takeout joint in a black middle-class neighborhood. In the mid-1940s, he opened his third place, the eatery that would help sustain a movement. Aleck’s Barbecue Heaven became a beloved hub of both the community and the movement. “Aleck’s was probably as responsible as much as anything for Martin Luther King’s greatest speeches,” Young said. “Whenever he had to write a speech, he’d either get some ribs or have somebody get some for him and take them to his house. ‘You can’t stop eating them, and then you can’t go to sleep,’ he said. He’d stay up all night and read and write because of those ribs.” Aleck’s stood right next to the West Hunter Street Baptist Church, where the Rev. Ralph Abernathy preached. Abernathy, who died in 1990, was King’s closest adviser and best friend. He co-founded the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, which King led and of which Young was a member, and he became president after King was assassinated. Aleck’s “was a place where I saw many other people in the movement,” Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.), who worked for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, recalled in a phone interview. [Why the African American museum’s food focus will go beyond soul ] Lewis was a co-sponsor of the bill that helped create the National Museum of African American History and Culture, which opens Sept. 24. “By having a place where you can talk over a meal, there is a sense of fairness and equality and togetherness,” he said. “People that you have a meal with and break bread with and eat ribs with. . . .” He paused. “It tells a story,” he said. “It’s part of our history.” Without a trace Pam Alexander with her father, Ernest James “Aleck” Alexander. (From Pam Alexander) In 1979, Aleck suffered a stroke. Although Pam was working as a high school teacher at the time, she helped her father run the restaurant. The youngest of three daughters, Pam was the one who became most involved in Aleck’s. Aleck died in 1986. By then, the other restaurants had gone under. He left Aleck’s Barbecue Heaven to Pam. Her mother helped Pam for about five years; she died in 1996. Pam and her daughters, Tracey and Crystal, made a go of it, even opening a second outlet in the Underground Atlanta entertainment district in 1989, but they closed it about a year later. Aleck’s struggled through the ’90s. Three of the booths were removed because of the cost to recondition them, and Alexander replaced them with tables. The Martin Luther King booth, though, remained. In the late ’90s, she said, the city used eminent domain to buy Aleck’s and build a Publix supermarket. The city indicated at the time that it planned to relocate Aleck’s as part of a neighborhood revitalization plan, but Pam and the city couldn’t come to terms. She says the city demolished the building and everything in it except for some stones from the pit, some memorabilia, “Best Barbecue” plaques and the booth she had saved before the demolition began. She moved the items to the back yard of her home. The Publix went under. The Walmart replaced it. Now, at that Walmart, Pam and I stood at the far end of the parking lot, in front of some bushes. It was the exact spot where Aleck’s once operated. Under a scorching Georgia sun, in a blue print dress and flats, Pam gestured at the space, re­imagining for me what was once there. Here, a short-order grill called Limbo. Back there, the Pit O’ Hell. Upstairs, there was a live music lounge and a meeting space. Black power activist Stokely Carmichael was among those who held meetings up there. Now? No trace. The church right next to Aleck’s, the one where Abernathy once preached, didn’t fare much better. It is boarded up. ‘I can’t stop thinking about it’ Pam Alexander, former owner of Aleck’s Barbecue Heaven in Atlanta, at Walmart. ( Jim Shahin) In 2003, Pam won a seat on the City Council. She ran for re- ­election four years later and lost. She went into real estate, but it was the worst possible time. The housing crash devastated her, and she was forced to sell her house at auction. She moved. “I left the booth in the back yard under some plastic,” she said. “I intended to go back and get it. But everything got so crazy.” By now, evening was coming on and the day had turned rainy. Driving around the neighborhood, Pam pointed out the two-story red-brick home where King and his family once lived. We pulled into the driveway and, through the swishing wipers, gazed at the house. I asked if we could go to her previous home, the one where she had stored the booth. I wanted to see where it last was and hoped that maybe, just maybe, the homeowner’s story wouldn’t pan out. Maybe it would still be there. She called the homeowner. He agreed. As we approached the house, we saw a line of cream-colored stones used as a terrace on the front lawn. “Those are from the pit!” Pam exclaimed. “That’s them. I know it.” We wandered to the back yard. No booth. We stood in the rain while Pam ventured silently through time. Where, I asked, had it been? She pointed to the ground. “This is where it was,” she murmured. She started crying. “This is where it was.” We walked slowly back to the car. Pam sat in the passenger seat, trying to suppress her tears. She turned her face toward the window. Should the city have memorialized Aleck’s, turned it into a small museum? Should Pam have somehow, through her misfortune, done a better job of caring for her own history? Should government or a private entity have preserved this place to commemorate not only its civil rights role but also its role as a business empire operated, remarkably, by a black man in the 1940s, ’50s and ’60s? We drove through the rain to an old soul-food restaurant that Pam knew. She ate baked chicken, collards, dressing and peach cobbler. I had smothered pork chops, cracklin’ bread, dressing, chess pie. I asked a few more questions, but she was plainly exhausted. Besides, she had to get back home to babysit for her 3-year-old granddaughter. We had to go get her car, back at Walmart. A few days later, she text- ­messaged me. “I am going to replicate the booth,” she said. “I can’t stop thinking about it.” Shahin is an associate professor of journalism at Syracuse University. He will join Wednesday’s Free Range chat at noon: live.washingtonpost.com. Follow him on Twitter: @jimshahin. More from Food: Smoke Signals archive lifestyle food true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jim Shahin, who writes the monthly Smoke Signals column about barbecue and grilling, is an associate professor of journalism at Syracuse University. Follow @jimshahin Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ 2 The electoral college isn’t a real place. But someone has to answer all the angry phone calls these days. 3 How to protect your kid: Teach her to protect herself 4 Things I wish I’d known about having a one-pound baby 5 A real Jurassic park lies underground at the Wyoming Dinosaur Center lifestyle food Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
null
Weld for Birmingham Where Birmingham Gets Connected Menu Skip to content Home Login About Us Local Music Issue 2017 Advertise Menu Skip to content News & Views Community Column Food & Drink Music WeldCast Cover Story September 20, 2016 Among the Ghosts of Industry Cody Owens Cody Owens is a staff reporter for Weld. Feel free to shoot an email at him... cody@weldbham.com ShareTweet SubscribeWeld for Birmingham Cody Owens Forged by the once-booming iron and steel production, what happened to the communities west of I-65 after the furnaces were laid to rest? Photo by Cody Owens. The garbage truck’s shaky hydraulic arm reached out and took hold of the trash can on the sidewalk. “Hold up real quick,” Lavarris Rice said as he hustled up a short flight of stairs, grabbed a large bag of trash and ran out to the street. He didn’t want to miss the trash pickup, because in Fairfield, residents like Rice live under a cloud of uncertainty when it comes to basic city services. The arm extended the now-empty can toward Rice like a robotic beggar gesturing for spare change. Rice tossed his trash and gave the operator a thumbs-up. Even though the operator is one of his longtime friends, Rice said, “You never know if this will be the last day they come by to pick up the trash.” Fairfield, once a bustling, thoughtfully designed company city, has now become a case study for what happens when economic and industrial giants decide it’s time to leave. In Fairfield (and elsewhere west of I-65), the jobs are gone but the spent shells of industry remain as a bitter reminder of a more prosperous place in time. Laid-off workers pass by the U.S. Steel Fairfield Works daily. Hopeful riders sit and wait on a bus — knowing that service soon could be discontinued — in front of the empty Walmart that is now collecting trash. In August 2015 U.S. Steel made the decision to end operations at its blast furnace in Fairfield, (which was actually named after the town in Connecticut, where the president of U.S. Steel lived, illustrating how closely tied the city was to the company) and laid off about 1,100 workers. To make matters worse, several months later Walmart made the announcement they would be closing their store in Fairfield, sparking a level of panic among residents and city officials who feared the consequences of losing the box store’s sales tax and what that would mean for the already struggling little city built by steel. The sudden announcement even garnered the attention of U.S. Congresswoman Terri Sewell who said in a statement, “The closing of the Walmart Supercenter in Fairfield is simply wrong for my constituents. Too many communities of color find themselves underserved and disadvantaged and closing this store will not help the situation. If we are to truly and substantively address these inequities, we must ensure that economic prosperity is a dream attainable to all who are willing to work for it. Closing this Walmart is the wrong thing to do!” Still, Walmart closed. As a result of the loss of roughly $125,000 in monthly tax revenue, the city was unable to pay its debts, leading to significant consequences: the Birmingham-Jefferson Transit Authority voted in May to end bus services to Fairfield, citing $545,000 in unpaid bills. While services were not shut off completely, they’ve have been reduced to two routes that run in the morning and evening. Like many other people in his community, Rice was forced to pivot after he was laid off. He had worked as a welder at MW Industrial Services for several years before the company shuttered and moved to Mobile. “You got to understand where we come from. The news people, they’ll cover something, but the reality if you come and stay one night, you’ll understand this place isn’t what you’ll see on TV,” Rice said about his hometown as he opened the door to a large empty worship hall at the Christ Episcopal Church. To better comprehend the struggles that arise from living in a city that was left behind by the industry it was built for, it’s important to understand the history of how the industrial communities west of I-65 came to be.   The Cradle “Pratt City was, in a lot of ways, is the cradle of Birmingham’s industrial neighborhoods. That’s where the Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company (TCI)  had some of it’s production,” said Pam King, a history professor at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and historical preservationist. “It’s hard to conceive now because a lot of people don’t even know where it is.” Some of Birmingham’s more influential families would come out of this area due to the fact that the region’s vast mineral wealth led to the emergence of Pratt Mines (named after Daniel Pratt, a prominent Alabama industrialist) in the 1870s and the creation of regional shipping points like Pratt City. Much of this growth can be attributed to Pratt, who, as King said, grew much of his wealth on the backs of slave labor before the Civil War and before Birmingham was incorporated. “Daniel Pratt challenged the idea that slaves could not work in industry. He implemented this idea with his cotton gin that became one of the biggest in the world before the civil war. He essentially challenged the idea that the South could transition from agriculture to industry by way of slave labor,” King said. After the Civil War, Italians, French, German and Irish families settled in the area, drawn by the booming promise of industry and prosperity as other municipalities began to spring up along the mineral vein that brought the region to life. In 1907 U.S. Steel acquired TCI — reflecting a nationwide trend of industry consolidation — which lead to even more growth in and around Birmingham. “Ensley was Pratt City times 20,” King said. “It was a full-fledged municipality. It had its own city hall, fire station, all that. It’s got a big downtown. When U.S. Steel bought TCI around 1907, Ensley would grow even more…Ensley had a really thriving upper class, big mucky-mucks associated with U.S. Steel and TCI. In the 1920s, U.S. Steel built both Belview Heights and Bush Hills for its professional class and you can see that reflected in the homes that were built there.” Further to the west, Bessemer was becoming a powerful industrial center during this time. Founded in 1887 by Henry DeBardeleben, the son-in-law of Pratt who inherited most of his investments after the magnate’s death in 1873, Bessemer quickly established itself as a powerful presence in the region. “DeBardeleben believed, without question, that Bessemer would rival and over take Birmingham,” King said. “And really there was no reason for them not to believe that at the time. Birmingham was just a little hole in the road.” But in 1910, Birmingham annexed surrounding suburbs like Pratt City, Ensley, North Birmingham and Woodlawn, cementing its place as the main economic power in the region. As a result, Bessemer would forever be resigned to living in the shadow of Birmingham’s industrial prominence. “Ensley went kicking and screaming because they were as proud as Birmingham and they were really offended about becoming subordinate,” King said, adding that she believes this was one of the most significant turning points in Birmingham’s industrial history. According to bhamwiki.com: “Residents of Ensley held a mock funeral for their ‘dead’ city and laid a tombstone which sat for two years outside the real estate office of J. R. Perkins. The annexation did not slow development of the community, however, as new mills and businesses continued to sprout up.”   White Flight and Black Gentrification “You see the huge stacks out there?” King asked. She was referring to the ruins of the once bustling U.S. Steel Ensley Works that closed in 1976, which, at the height of production, employed roughly 30,000 people. “Now they’re overgrown with kudzu and weeds and brush. If you’re in Ensley and you’re downtown and you wonder what happened to this place, it’s really because U.S. Steel closed down their Ensley Works in 1976. It was already experiencing some outflow because of white flight and interstates and suburbanization. Such a huge number of families there were dependent on US Steel. The exact same thing happened in Fairfield.” King is fascinated by what she (and others) frequently refer to as “white flight” and the ways in which those population shifts have influenced Birmingham’s civic trajectory. Perhaps no region experienced such dramatic change as the communities west of I-65, like Belview Heights and Bush Hills, King said. These population shifts resulted from more than racial prejudices. While that did in fact play a role, the decline of the steel industry, coupled with the fact that suburbanization was happening at the same time, led to a period of demographic shifts in Birmingham’s outlying communities. Fountain Heights — while it is not located as far to the west — was one of the first neighborhoods to experience such sudden racial transition from white to black in the late 1940s, King said. As African-American soldiers began returning home after WWII, many of them began moving into Fountain Heights, a working-class neighborhood then largely inhabited by low-income white families. From 1949 to the mid-1960s, Fountain Heights became one of the first desegregated neighborhoods in Birmingham. “When black people started to move into their neighborhoods this led to an upswing in violence and a lot of [Ku Klux Klan] activity,” King said.  Slowly, desegregation began to take hold in the western suburbs by the late-1970s, due in part to the decline in steel production. “It makes sense because as you’re going down Bush Blvd, you have some grand houses and it would have taken African-American families some time to be able to afford those,” King said. “I still find it really interesting that African-American families would eventually gentrify Belview Heights and Bush Hills. Especially Bush Hills. It’s going to be the black middle class that is going to move into that neighborhood. I think it’s a fascinating story because it’s not one we ever talk about — black gentrification. That neighborhood has been saved by that fact after the industry collapsed.” In Bessemer, King said another major factor played a key role in shaping the city into what it is today: the emergence of Hoover. In many ways, King said, to whatever extent Hoover explodes around this time, the inverse happened to Bessemer. “What Hoover gained is at Bessemer’s loss,” she said. Jimmie Stephens. Photo by Cody Owens. Life in the “cutoff” Wooden model airplanes line the bookshelves; a golden prop plane serves as a paperweight on the cluttered desk; a photo of a child in a cockpit is leaned against a nearby lamp. “That’s my co-pilot,” Jimmie Stephens said proudly. Stephens is a lifelong resident of Bessemer who currently serves as the Jefferson County Commissioner for the area, and, obviously, he is an aviation enthusiast. While he enjoys flying his family to the beach on the weekends in the plane he has housed at the Bessemer Airport for the last 35 years, he has no intention of ever leaving the city. “It’s home,” he said. “For better or worse. “When I was growing up Bessemer was a very vibrant industrial town filled with manufacturing and mining,” Stephens said. “All of the commerce that was associated with that, there were about 50,000 people living there and major department stores downtown like Loveman’s and Pizitz. All this brought people into the city. That along with six downtown grocery stores really contributed to that vibrancy. A very affluent base resided in Bessemer.” However, over the course of his lifetime, Stephens has witnessed great changes take place in the place he fondly refers to as “the cutoff.” “The population actually shifted from the Ensley, Fairfield, Bessemer area. Hoover was created by residents from those areas,” Stephens said, echoing King’s observations. “You see the demise of the mining industry. You see Pullman Standard (a railroad car manufacturing company that ceased operations in Bessemer in the 1990’s). You see Griffin Wheel (which produced steel rail car wheels, closed in 2001 before being reopened a decade later, only to be closed again this month) going down. All these economic factors played a big part.” Stephens went to Bessemer schools when the system first became integrated, he explained. “What transpired after that was a white flight…They moved from the vibrant communities of Bessemer and went to either Hoover or Pleasant Grove to continue their education. Right or wrong, that’s a fact of what happened,” Stephens said. The cutoff has always been an economic engine because it had the necessary raw materials and the manufacturing capabilities that produced jobs. “When the jobs left, the economic opportunities left. There was the integration of the school systems, all of those combined combined to change demographics of the area,” Stephens said. “We lack those economic opportunities now.” That has led to what Stephens refers to as a lack of social stability. By his estimate, when he was a young man, 2 percent of the population used drugs — they were on the fringe. Now, he said, 30 to 40 percent of the “misguided youth” abuse drugs in the community he calls home. So how does that change? Stephens believes more investment needs to be made in education and economic opportunities, to give young people options besides the underground drug trade that has become an economic engine for certain areas. “Cities, large and small, all have a level of uncertainty,” Stephens said. “Our misguided youth, drugs, changing social mores where things are now acceptable that once were not. The only way that will change is when it becomes unacceptable. What’s happened is that people have left and all that’s left are people who want to participate in that. “Our integration in the South has been a two-edged sword. It’s done what’s intended to do. It’s raised up the black population that wants to better themselves. The young blacks I went to school with are now professional friends but they all live over the mountain. But there are so many people that did not take advantage of those opportunities, white and black. I guess the big question we have now is, how do we fix that?”   “If you see a hamburger on TV…” Birmingham City Councilor Sheila Tyson has rarely, if ever, shied away from speaking her mind, she said, flashing a wry grin as she sat behind her desk. This has led to her having somewhat of a love/hate relationship with the media. Today, she joked, she’s leaning more towards hate because of the way she believes some of her comments and her district have been characterized as of late. “If you see a hamburger on TV all day long, what’s going to happen? You’re going to want a hamburger before the day’s out,” Tyson said. “It’s the same thing as only running stories about people getting shot. You have 28,000 people in District 6. But every time you show something negative going on in West End and Titusville, all of Jefferson County and Alabama’s perception of that area is that there is nothing but dope dealers, murders, rapists, people robbing Family Dollars and snatching pocket books.” Tyson, whose district covers a large swath of the communities west of I-65, moved to West End in 1960s when she was eight years old. After her father died, Tyson’s mother decided to build a home there. When her family arrived with the moving truck, her new neighbors thought they were the moving company because, at the time, West End was a predominately white neighborhood and assumed an African-American family wouldn’t be financially able to build a house like they had. “When we pulled up and got the boxes out a lady came from across the street and said, ‘Hi, is the homeowner here?’” Tyson said. They were the first African-American family to move onto that street. Within about a year, Tyson said, most of the families on their street had moved. Named after a posh London suburb, West End was never an industrial town. It was a middle-class suburb of Birmingham. According to King, this was around the same time that suburbanization was taking hold in the United States and in Birmingham, specifically, families who had lived in communities like West End, were now heading over the mountain to places like Hoover. “Disinvestment, white flight, combined with suburbanization — whites wouldn’t have left if they didn’t have anywhere to go — that was going to be the push,” King explained. “The pull would be that essentially the federal government was subsidizing the construction of these new neighborhoods through highway support, through the [Federal Housing Administration] and all these initiatives that were put in place solely to create suburban middle class neighborhoods. The combination of white flight and suburbanization of neighborhoods was everything. “A big reason why the Barons — who used to play at Rickwood field — left to go to Hoover in the 1980s [was that] the manager at the time was saying that we can’t keep the doors open if we can’t attract white people to come to the games and there aren’t white people here anymore. That was a big reason why they moved.” For Tyson, the perception of her district that is portrayed in the media is a source of great frustration. As an advocate for community engagement and voter registration — during the interview she wore a shirt that read, “Friends of West End, Voter Registration Team” — Tyson wishes her district would get more positive press. It’s a sentiment shared by many in the communities that bear the brunt of negative headlines. Lavarris Rice. Photo by Cody Owens. Corey’s Kitchen The worship hall at Christ Episcopal Church is empty as Lavarris Rice surveys the room in which he and his colleagues feed about 60 people at the end of each month with their pop-up restaurant, Corey’s Kitchen. The name is a nod to Fairfield’s industrial past (originally the city was named Corey after one of U.S. Steel’s executives). Rice is a soft-spoken young man who said he became interested in cooking after the 2015 death of his 14-year-old cousin, Kiera’onna Rice, who was fatally shot following an argument that started on Facebook. “I used to work at the Fish Market and I would bring her home oysters and shrimp and things like that. We bonded over food a lot,” Rice recalled somberly. “After she died I was looking for a way to honor her and bring our community together. “Me and Terez (Rice’s business partner) grew up in this church. It’s kind of the heart of Fairfield,” Rice said. “We do our pop up dinner so we can connect people who come from different walks of life.” He knows plenty of people his age, who grew up in Fairfield, that skipped town when they were old enough. For Rice, it’s always been home and he wants to do what he can to change the city’s image. That image has taken several blows in recent months. “We might not have the money, but this is a great place. People here see what we’re doing. They might not have the money to come to the pop-up dinner but they’ve been really supportive of it,” Rice said. “Now, with the struggles the city has been seeing lately –—you got people that can’t afford trash pick up and it just piles up — we just want people to know there is so much good that still lives here. “Maybe someone [people] will say, ‘Hey, these guys are doing something. Maybe we can do something positive too,’” said Rice, who claims to be an optimist by nature. “I believe in this city. And if I can, after all I’ve been through, there’s no reason other people can’t believe in it too.” In a place like Fairfield, one that lives with the ghosts of industry long gone, a little optimism never hurt anyone.   A previous version of this article described the area known as “Dynamite Hill” as part of Fountain Heights. It is part of Smithfield. Related: Ghosts of Birmingham Past, Present and Future January 6, 2016 Breathing the air of industry November 18, 2014 Ghosts in the machine October 30, 2013 Ghosts of Birmingham’s morbidly fascinating and violent past October 27, 2011 Previous The biggest of them allSeptember 15, 2016 Next Bee StorySeptember 28, 2016 Subscribe to Weld Direct Get the best of Weld and exclusive deals direct to your inbox. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Follow Us @WeldBham Follow @weldbham Copyright © 2016 Weld for Birmingham Web Development by Infomedia Home Login About Us Local Music Issue 2017 Advertise
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:59am Sat 19 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Dad allegedly pulls trolley in supermarket with his daughter's hair wrapped around handle 12:08 PM Wednesday Sep 21, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Spotlight United States The young girl allegedly yelled "please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop!" as her father pulled the shopping trolley with her hair around the handle. Photo / Erika Burch / Facebook A father allegedly wrapped his 5-year-old daughter's hair around the handle of a shopping trolley and dragged her through a supermarket. The young child was crying "please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop." The incident at a Walmart in Cleveland, Texas, was captured on camera by alarmed shoppers Erika and Robert Burch and is now being investigated by police as child endangerment. "People are telling me I'm wrong for stepping up for this little girl, but you can discipline a child without dragging them by the hair on their head, especially in WalMart," Erika Burch told KTRK. Erika Burch said in a Facebook post that she and her husband were buying food for their children's school lunches when her husband pointed out that a man was dragging his daughter by the hair on her head, by wrapping it around the shopping trolley. "She is begging him to stop ... 'please stop, I promise I won't do it again, please stop'." She claims she told the father to stop what he was doing with his daughter and he told her to "mind my own business". "I have three little girls of my own," Erika Burch told the Chronicle. "I'll be damned if I'll ever let anybody pull them by the hair of their heads." Erika Burch telephoned the police and an officer who was in the store told her that for there to be any investigation there had to be visible injuries. She published the pictures on her Facebook page in the hope they would alert authorities. Cleveland Police said on its Facebook page that it had received "numerous calls" about a girl being pulled by her hair at Walmart. Cleveland Police Chief Darrel Broussard told the Chronicle that police received a call about the incident about 4:45pm on Monday. The man, whom Broussard did not identify, told police that his three children including the 5-year-old girl, had been disruptive in the store, and that holding her by the hair was his method of disciplining her. - news.com.au Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Wyn Drabble: Xmas shopping made easy Trade Me can help you with your Christmas shopping. No, of course it's not too early… Hawke's Bay Today Hapu boost for Food Hub A sign of the potential of iwi development in Hawke's Bay's economic future has come… Bay of Plenty Times Arena packed for awards night The annual Sports Awards were packed out with glammed up guests, celebrating the sporting… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Speedway ace Michael Pickens talks highs and lows It has been a year of triumph and tragedy for Michael Pickens... Viva Red-carpet winners at the NZ Music Awards From Aaradhna to Bic Runga and Samantha Hayes, these were our favourite fashion looks… Bite Coffee walnut cake To make the cake Heat oven to 160C fan bake. Grease a 22cm cake tin. Place oil, sugar… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 19 Nov 2016 03:59:48 Processing Time: 63ms
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all Previous Next Police hunt for 'dad' pictured dragging a little girl around a Texas Walmart by her hair Disturbing photos of a man dragging a child by her hair have emerged  Erika Burch, snapped the photos while shopping in a Texas Walmart  Burch said the child was pleading for the man to stop She said the girl's hair was 'wrapped around the buggy' as he pushed it Burch flagged down police who have said they are investigating incident   By Valerie Edwards For Dailymail.com Published: 20:21 EST, 20 September 2016 | Updated: 11:12 EST, 21 September 2016 e-mail 7k shares 390 View comments Disturbing photos have emerged of a man who appears to be dragging a little girl by her hair in Walmart.  Erika Burch, was shopping when she spotted the man, who she says, had the child's hair 'wrapped around the buggy' as he dragged her down the aisles. Burch said the child was pleading for the man to stop.  Scroll down for video  Disturbing photos have emerged of a man (left and right) who appears to be dragging a little girl by her hair in a Texas Walmart Erika Burch, was shopping when she spotted the man, who she says, had the child's hair 'wrapped around the buggy' as he dragged her down the aisles. Burch said the child was pleading for the man to stop 'I promise I won't do it again! Please stop!' Burch said the little girl cried.  Burch then took out her phone and snapped photos of the man and told him to let the child go.   She said he told her 'to mind my own business', which prompted her to say: 'No I'm not! Right now this little girl is  my business and you need to let her hair go now!' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next School bus driver mistakenly drops girl, 6, off at the wrong... Decomposing remains of a young girl are found in Texas... Share this article Share The incident occurred at a Walmart in Cleveland, Texas. Burch said she flagged down an officer and he called his sergeant with the Cleveland Police Department. The department later posted on Facebook that they had been receiving numerous calls in regards to the incident.  Burch then took out her phone and snapped photos of the man and told him to let the child go, but he told her to mind her business. She said she then flagged down an officer and the police department along with Child Protective Services are conducting a joint investigation 'We want to ensure the community this case is currently being investigated by our Detective Division.  The department said that Child Protective Service (CPS) 'has been contacted per our policy and is also investigating this case'.  Burch wrote in the post that the sergeant told her that the man 'has the right to discipline his children'. She also added in the post that the sergeant told her for it to be 'abuse there had to be bodily injury to the child'. Authorities said police and CPS will conduct a joint investigation. Share or comment on this article e-mail 7k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Benghazi committee member to lead... National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians 'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying Married substitute teacher's aide, 42, 'had sexual contact including oral sex with two male high school students - and made her husband drive one home after a tryst' Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Lifestyle Mum sues teen daughter for becoming boy ‘Scary Spice is still the real me. I’m still annoying!’ What’s happened to Hillary’s face? Death and sexuality - it can be a fine line Did wed Trump try to pick up model? Behold the Baileys Choc Chip Cookie Cup Sordid new pictures of Atkins Inside the world of Dominatrix Yoga real life wtf Dad allegedly pulls trolley in supermarket with his daughter’s hair wrapped around handle September 21, 20161:20pm This image of a young girl, allegedly with her hair pulled around the shopping trolley, has sparked an investigation. Picture: Erika Burch/Facebook Ian HorswillNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend A FATHER allegedly dragged his five-year-old daughter by her hair by wrapping it around the top of a shopping trolley as they went through a supermarket. The young child was crying “please stop. I promise I won’t do it again. Please stop.” The incident at a Walmart store in Cleveland, Texas, was captured on camera by alarmed shoppers Erika Burch and Robert Burch and is now being investigated by police as child endangerment. “People are telling me I’m wrong for stepping up for this little girl, but you can discipline a child without dragging them by the hair on their head, especially in Walmart,” Erika Burch told KTRK. The father can clearly be seen to pulling his daughter's hair as they shop in Cleveland, Ohio. Picture: Erika Burch / FacebookSource:Facebook Erika Burch said in a Facebook post that she and her husband were buying food for their children’s school lunches in the Walmart when her husband pointed out that a man was allegedly dragging his daughter by the hair on her head, by wrapping it around the shopping trolley. “She is begging him to stop ... ‘please stop, I promise I won’t do it again, please stop.” She claims she told the father to stop what he was doing with his daughter and he told her to “mind my own business”. “I have three little girls of my own,” Burch told the Chronicle. “I’ll be damned if I’ll ever let anybody pull them by the hair of their heads.” The little girl can clearly to be seen in pain as her father pushes the trolley with her hair wrapped around the handles. Picture: Facebook/Erika BurchSource:Facebook The young girl allegedly yells ‘please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop’ as her father pulls the shopping trolley with her hair wrapped around the shopping trolley. Picture: Erika Burch/FacebookSource:Facebook Erika Burch telephoned the police and an officer who was in the store told her that for there to be any investigation there had to be visible signs of injuries. She published the pictures on her Facebook page in the hope it would alert authorities. Cleveland Police said on its Facebook page that it had received “numerous calls” about a girl being pulled by her hair at Walmart. Cleveland Police chief Darrel Broussard told the Chronicle that police received a call about the incident about 4.45pm on Monday. The man, whom Broussard did not identify, told police that his three children including the five-year-old girl, had been disruptive in the store, and that holding her by the hair was his method of disciplining her. Extreme Parenting0:29 Extreme parenting is under the microscope on Sunday Night. Supplied: Seven Network March 11th 2016 8 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Jump back to top Right now in lifestyle 77Readers Mum Anmarie Calgaro sues teen daughter in Minnesota for tran... 80Readers Donald Trump election win: Hillary Clinton’s face says it al... 54Readers New photos and details about Michael Atkins’ rampant sex lif... 43Readers Roxy Jacenko book extract from Blonde Ambition: Roxy’s incre... 30Readers Sydney Festival of Death and Dying: Peter Banki explains ero... A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2016. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Archive Luciano: Peoria police looking for man who offered cash for sex from Walmart workers Tuesday Sep 20, 2016 at 6:15 PM Sep 21, 2016 at 12:17 PM Phil Luciano Journal Star columnist @lucianophil What do you do when Walmart workers turn down your sex-for-cash offers? You go on a quick shoplifting spree to drown your sorrows in bananas and beer. At least, those were the moves by a would-be ladykiller at the Walmart Supercenter, 8915 N. Allen Road in Peoria. “We hear some crazy things,” says Leslee Wright, a corporate spokesperson for the retail giant. “But this is the first we’ve heard of something like this.” That says a lot in terms of Walmart weirdness, documented by website after website, testifying to America’s curious fascination with the place. Consider the 300-pound man who in 2012 stripped in the parking lot of the Exton, Pa., Walmart before waltzing in, putting on a pair of socks and plodding around the store, babbling as other customers scrambled out of his path. After spitting on a security guard, the mountain of nakedness was restrained by cops, who probably wanted Silkwood showers afterward. Then there was the woman in Tulsa, Okla., who in 2011 was caught stealing and cooking ingredients to make meth, though not until after six hours of brewing her batch. Remarkably, she’s just one several people who have tried to turn the aisles of Walmart into their personal meth lab. If this were legal like home-brew kits, Walmart could make a mint.  And there were the two Walmart employees who stole $45,000 from their own workplace in Prescott, Ariz. One blew his half on a Toyota Supra. The other planned to fund her dream of having a sex change into a man, but police arrested them before she could get the operation. We won’t get into the endless accounts of crude and lewd love stories that play out in Walmart’s aisles, only to end in the back of squad cars.Though not for the squeamish, the tales make you wonder: is Walmart itself some sort of twisted aphrodisiac? Perhaps the company should somehow bottle itself — “Eau du Wally World”?— and compete with high-end perfumes. Or sell T-shirts, “Walmart is for Lovers.” I can think of one guy who’d buy one. With that, we turn to back to 10:30 a.m. Sept. 11. While much of Peoria gathered at church, one gent sauntered into Walmart, pockets stuffed with cash, ready to get his groove on. The man — about 30 years old, 5-foot-8, 250 pounds — approached several female employees and “offered to pay them for sex,” according to a Peoria police report. Why did the randy Romeo chose Walmart? Think of all its ads, for years touting “falling prices” and “rollbacks” and “always low prices.” Maybe he figured he could get no better deal elsewhere. Or maybe he has a thing for blue vests. Beats me. So much of this is mind-blowing, especially the part where he actually located a Walmart sales associate. Several, actually. Wow. Aside from the checkout lanes, I don’t think I’ve glimpsed a Walmart employee since 1987. Anyway, the Walmart employees later described the creep’s come-ons to a security officer. He reviewed store video and spotted a man with the same description pushing a cart through the store — alone, of course. Into his cart, he plopped a stack of blanks DVDs (retail value: $49). What did he plan to do with those? I don’t want to know. He also grabbed some bananas ($2 worth) and Guinness beer ($6.88). Is that a thing, together? The internet lists multiple recipes for banana bread made with Guinness. For the Walmart lech, maybe that’s his way to dull the pain of an aching heart or whatever. He pushed the cart of items out of the store, scot-free. His next stop? Perhaps to charm the ladies at Target. Whatever the case, he returned to Walmart about 1:15 p.m. At the deli, he grabbed a “cup of chicken” (value: $2.50), then scooted away again, police said. Walmart security contacted Peoria police, who are investigating, including a possible license-plate number. They’re looking for his vehicle, which is yellow, perhaps his worst crime of all. In the meantime, ladies, if a new guy in a yellow car tells you he loves you, be careful — especially if his breath smells like bananas, beer and/or chicken. PHIL LUCIANO is a Journal Star columnist. He can be reached at pluciano@pjstar.com, facebook.com/philluciano and (309) 686-3155. Follow him on Twitter.com/LucianoPhil. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Customer Service Newspaper in Education Submit an Ad Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Databases Election 2016 Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
MI News 26 Northern Michigan's 24/7 Local News Channel Watch What’s On 26.1 | MI News 26 26.2 | Antenna TV 26 26.3 | Laff 26 26.4 | Escape 26 26.5 | Grit 26 26.6 | Buzzr 26 How to Receive MI News 26 Request MI News 26 News Special Sections CherryT Ball Drop Dancing with the Y Stars Event of the Week Person of the Week Victorian Sleighbell Parade Zoo De Mack Featured Local News Events National & World Health News Legal News GasWatch Cadillac Area Manistee Area Petoskey Area Traverse City Area News Archives 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Weather Local Weather Overview Local Radar 7-Day Forecast Day Planner Lower County Temps Upper County Temps Sports Broadcast Schedule Shop miLocalShops Contact Us News Team Bios Advertise on MI News 26 Antenna TV 26 Walmart Acquires Online Retailer Jet.com POSTED September 20, 2016 BY Jacob Owens And in today’s business brief — Walmart announced that they bought online retailer Jet.com for approximately $3 billion. The deal is seen as a way for Walmart to increase their online presence. Jet.com and Walmart will operate as separate brands, while sharing technology and talent across both companies. As part of the deal, the founder of Jet.com will join Walmart’s board as executive vice president of Walmart and president of Walmart eCommerce, overseeing both Walmart.com and Jet.com. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said the addition of Jet.com complements Walmart’s goal of finding ways to help customers save money. 7-Day Forecast Around our Area Local Antique Store Celebrates 30 Years in Business A Center For Healing Private Wounds Help for Women When They Need It The Basics of Carbon Monoxide Safety New Playground Coming To Traverse City The Power of Grandmothers State News Northern Michigan Personnel Head South to Help Battle Wildfires Signs Along Snowmobile Trails in U.P. Vandalized 2017 Fiscal Year Includes Funds to Expand Smart911 Services in Michigan Girl Shot in Face in Alcona County DNR Auctions of Surplus Land in Central/Northern Michigan DNR Has Tips for Hunters For 2016 Rifle Season World News Officer involved in Minnesota Shooting Charged with Second Degree Manslaughter RECALL – 4C Foods Recalls Cheese Over Salmonella Concerns NHTSA Adds New Sound Regulations for Hybrids and Electric Vehicles RECALL – Kidde Nighthawk Recalls Millions of Smoke Alarms Colorado Votes on Doctor Assisted Suicides Four Cities Pass Taxes on Sodas and Sugar Sweetened Drinks Events Alden Library Bingo Manistee Ghost Ship Fall Color Walk Kampout for KAIR Crown of Life Pumpkin Festival Coffee with a Cop © 2007-2016 Freelancer Television Broadcasting, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Find us on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN The Journal Record Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Home / Editor's Picks / Periscope: A great day for shoppers Periscope: A great day for shoppers By: Ted Streuli The Journal Record September 20, 2016 0 Ted Streuli Wal-Mart is not the company that comes to mind when I think of innovation. It’s the company that comes to mind when I think about cheap stuff. It’s the company that comes to mind when I think about retirement jobs I would like to have that do not involve a blue vest. It is even, sometimes, the company that comes to mind when I consider that my daily exercise quotient has been met thanks to the 2.5-mile one-way stroll from my car in the northeast corner of the parking lot to the southeast corner of the store where they hide the air filters. So I was pretty impressed when Wal-Mart jumped ahead of other retailers by offering an experimental app that allowed me to scan the bar codes as I placed merchandise in my cart, theoretically completing the self-checkout process along the way so all I had to do at the register was insert a debit card. I was delighted that the Edmond Wal-Mart was a test site. I was not delighted with the Scan & Go app, though, which didn’t always know what those black-and-white lines meant. The workaround took longer than the standard checkout process and Scan & Go went. But three years ago Wal-Mart tested same-day delivery of groceries. Orders were placed online, and for $10 Wal-Mart delivered within a prearranged time slot. That was popular in San Francisco and San Jose, but when the retailer took the idea to Denver in 2014, it discovered shoppers would rather pick up the order at their own convenience rather than sitting at home waiting for the Wal-Mart Man. Wal-Mart To Go finally made it to Edmond, and one busy weekend my wife, Betsey, gave it a try. It worked a lot better than Scan & Go. The only drawback was that everything gets sacked in plastic bags and our typical weekly order requires 673 of them. We really prefer our reusables. Note to Wal-Mart: Pack our stuff in reusable bags and we’ll trade you our empty reusables from last week when we pick up the order. Ordering groceries online and picking them up later makes us feel pretty hip and tech-savvy. A tad disloyal to our former grocer, but we don’t have to drag the kids through the store anymore and that trumps loyalty. The funny thing about Wal-Mart To Go is that it isn’t innovative at all; it’s a page from the past that Nancy Walton, Sam Walton’s mother, would have known well. Before Sept. 6, 1916, grocery stores were not self-serve affairs. A shopping list was drafted and taken to the local grocer, who filled the order for the customer. If you asked for crackers you got whatever brand of crackers your grocer carried. The same was true for coffee and flour and just about everything else on your list; there was no comparing ingredients or buying the cheaper, off-brand corn starch or the high-priced premium brand. Corn starch was just corn starch. But Clarence Saunders changed all that 100 years ago when he opened the first Piggly Wiggly. The innovative new store at 79 Laurel Ave. in Memphis, Tennessee, allowed shoppers to browse aisles stacked with thousands of products, see the prices, and make their own selections. It was a great day for shoppers, even if it was a bad day for career grocery clerks. Dancin’ at church, Long Island jazzy parties Waiter bring us some more Bacardi We’ll order now what they ordered then ‘Cause everything old is new again   Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google groceries Periscope Piggly Wiggly Wal-Mart 4:57 pm Tue, September 20, 2016 The Journal Record Ted Streuli Tagged with: groceries Periscope Piggly Wiggly Wal-Mart Related Articles Free Market Friday: Policymaking vindication November 17, 2016 Hamilton: Higher education, the Third World and Demagoguery 101 November 17, 2016 Edmond workers sue Nestle Purina November 17, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Edmond workers sue Nestle Purina by Dale Denwalt Vertical, horizontal drillers come to a crossroad by Dale Denwalt Merry Christmas: App will find you a parking space at the mall by Molly M. Fleming Promised deportations could damage local economy by Brian Brus Express to give staff $5K for child care by Dale Denwalt Special Reports Company left Hugo with unsafe water Poor construction at Moore schools Human Trafficking: The bonds that bind them Briefs Rainbow Fleet receives $20,000 grant November 17, 2016 Horizon Award nominations sought November 17, 2016 Tax seminar set for agriculture producers November 17, 2016 American Self Storage adds U-Haul November 17, 2016 GoFundMe reports Oklahoma activity November 17, 2016 Mental exam sought for man charged with hate crime November 17, 2016 Homelessness increases in state for year November 17, 2016 OCCF provides nonprofit data November 17, 2016 Galbraith elected OAR president November 17, 2016 OSU center signs contract with ATS November 17, 2016 National News Email Alerts Enter Your Email Address: Daily Email Update Event Notification Top Posts & Pages Prosperity Policy: Back on the hook Vertical, horizontal drillers come to a crossroad Working it out: American Energy gym up for sale Edmond workers sue Nestle Purina Proposed Miller and Johnson building closer to final approval Featured Opinion Free Market Friday: Policymaking vindicationOklahoma state legislators get a lot of criticism. That goes with the job, but sometimes criticism becomes downright absurd. Daily Cartoon Nov. 16, 2016 November 15, 2016 People on the Move Foundation for Excellence names president November 16, 2016 Colley joins AHLA board November 16, 2016 Pamela Higgins McGinnis joins Williams & Williams November 14, 2016 Rupe Helmer hires VP of construction November 14, 2016 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Nov. 18, 2016 Working it out: American Energy gym up for sale Oklahoma City, Tulsa real estate transactions Rainbow Fleet receives $20,000 grant Horizon Award nominations sought Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2016 The Journal Record | 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 | (405)235-3100 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
current community blog chat English Language & Usage English Language & Usage Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us English Language & Usage Questions Tags Users Badges Unanswered Ask Question _ English Language & Usage Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for linguists, etymologists, and serious English language enthusiasts. Join them; it only takes a minute: Sign up Here's how it works: Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Who are “Security moms”? up vote 3 down vote favorite I came across the word, “Security mom” and “Wal-Mart mom” in the following statement in my newspaper clippings, originally in Time: Can Obama Win Back Wal-Mart Moms? "The women that are different in some ways from their "soccer mom" and "security mom" sisters of those earlier election cycles. They are slightly older than soccer moms (in their 40s and 50s) and are juggling another set of problems — how to pay for college for their kids, how to take care of their elderly parents. They are also less upscale. Lacking college degrees, Democratic pollster Celinda Lake calls them "Wal-Mart moms" and "Wal-Mart grandmas" and says they are not so much undecided as conflicted in making their choice this year." The “Wal-Mart mom” is well defined in the above statement. I also know “soccer mom," "tiger mom," and "helicopter mom.” But what is “Security mom”? Google search shows mosaic album of women under the heading of ”Security woman,” but it doesn’t give definitions of the word. Is it associated with earlier Obama-care initiative? Is the word still current? meaning contemporary-english share|improve this question edited Sep 20 at 20:24 Sven Yargs 75.3k14131306 asked Oct 30 '14 at 0:07 Yoichi Oishi♦ 31.4k69261597 1   Why is it always the mothers and never the fathers who get "epitheted"? – Mari-Lou A Oct 30 '14 at 7:15 1   @Mari-LouA Interesting question, I'm sure it's partly because women generally take the lead in dealing with children and their activities, but it also seems a bit dismissive of their motivations. Apparently the Chinese have Wolf Dads BTW, I'm a bit sorry I googled "tiger dad". – Spehro Pefhany Oct 30 '14 at 7:42      @Mari-Lou A. I had the same question and was attempted to add it to this question, though I didn't. – Yoichi Oishi♦ Oct 30 '14 at 8:30      @Medica. Thank you for adding the source of the quote. I was surprised to find it was from Time September 9, 2008 issue. I was also amazed that you were able to locate such an old article. It looks a splended feat. Could you do it by just putting several key words? – Yoichi Oishi♦ Oct 30 '14 at 8:44 2   If you search Bing or Google, etc for a portion of a direct quote, you can usually get a link to the source, which is what I labeled it in my answer. To find the Biden quote, just search for security mom Biden. Third, you can search Google Books for a phrase you are interested in, such as security mom. – pazzo Oct 30 '14 at 13:21 add a comment |  1 Answer 1 active oldest votes up vote 7 down vote accepted A security mom is a mom whose main concern with regard to a political candidate (and by extension, his or her political party) is which one will do the most to protect her children from terrorism. In this case the preceeding paragraph refers to what the writer means by security mom. ...The white female vote was crucial to George W. Bush's victory in 2004, a year that was marked by the post-9/11 political emergence of the so-called security mom — a term, interestingly enough, coined by Joe Biden... Source Another article contains the quote by Biden: In the post September 11 world, however, the soccer mom began to seem an anachronism. Democrat senator Joe Biden blamed his party's defeat in the 2002 midterms on its failure to listen to women. The agenda now was... "not schools, not prescription drugs. It was 'what are you doing to protect my kids against terrorists? Soccer moms are security moms now." As for your two other questions, Is it associated with earlier Healthcare initiative? Is the word still current? Nothing to do with healthcare. Yes, it is still current. Such books as Women and the White House: Gender, Popular Culture, and Presidential Politics, published in 2012, use the term. share|improve this answer edited Oct 30 '14 at 13:24 answered Oct 30 '14 at 0:22 pazzo 1,385321 add a comment |  Your Answer   draft saved draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Post as a guest Name Email Post as a guest Name Email discard By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service. Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged meaning contemporary-english or ask your own question. asked 2 years ago viewed 233 times active 1 month ago 6 votes · comment · stats Related 28“Insecure” or “unsecure” when dealing with security? 7Does the word ‘clobber’ have the meaning of “secure” or “garner” as a verb other than ‘hitting hard” and “defeat sb completely”? 1Who can explain this poem? 2What does the expression “official mom” mean, that forced J&J to apologize and cancel their ad? 1What does term “Security Holding” mean? 0Non-repudiable vs non-refutable vs non-reputable in computer security 0Who is a “vocal customer”? 0mom-husband-wife thing 2Name of person who gives subsidy? 3What can back room mean related to security? Hot Network Questions Why do Internet forums tend to prohibit responding to inactive threads? How worried should I be about getting hacked with PoisonTap? Why is engine displacement frequently a few CCs below an exact number? Did the Chinese resort to cannibalism during the reign of Mao? "You hear but you don't listen" or "You listen but you don't hear"? Is the Joker based on anything? What does the letter 'u' mean in /dev/urandom? Can I brine meat after cooking it? Creating a list column with Powershell for a blog site using existing site columns Magento 2: how to make a module compatible with Varnish Cache? Could the atmosphere be compressed and put into bottles? High audio frequencies in television broadcast What is the English name for the palm's spots of the "working hands"? Making a gift from the given set of points C: Why the memory addresses of string literals are so different to others? How far above a waterfall should you be to safely cross? How do I get the last lines of dust into the dustpan? Where on physical drive is this logical drive? How to say "I want to rub my face on your cat's fluffy fur" in Japanese At age 25, is it still okay to wear braces to work? Ignore sudo in bash script Which flux type to use for SMD hobbyist (home-made) PCB? What if using rel="dofollow" and rel="nofollow" together for a link? Can I list one day of volunteer work as "Month - Year" on my resume? more hot questions question feed about us tour help blog chat data legal privacy policy work here advertising info mobile contact us feedback Technology Life / Arts Culture / Recreation Science Other Stack Overflow Server Fault Super User Web Applications Ask Ubuntu Webmasters Game Development TeX - LaTeX Software Engineering Unix & Linux Ask Different (Apple) WordPress Development Geographic Information Systems Electrical Engineering Android Enthusiasts Information Security Database Administrators Drupal Answers SharePoint User Experience Mathematica Salesforce ExpressionEngine® Answers Cryptography Code Review Magento Signal Processing Raspberry Pi Programming Puzzles & Code Golf more (7) Photography Science Fiction & Fantasy Graphic Design Movies & TV Music: Practice & Theory Seasoned Advice (cooking) Home Improvement Personal Finance & Money Academia more (8) English Language & Usage Skeptics Mi Yodeya (Judaism) Travel Christianity English Language Learners Japanese Language Arqade (gaming) Bicycles Role-playing Games Anime & Manga Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair more (17) MathOverflow Mathematics Cross Validated (stats) Theoretical Computer Science Physics Chemistry Biology Computer Science Philosophy more (3) Meta Stack Exchange Stack Apps Area 51 Stack Overflow Talent site design / logo © 2016 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa 3.0 with attribution required rev 2016.11.18.4217 English Language & Usage Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled
Top Local Stories Deontae Mitchell case: Last defendants to be sentenced in murder News Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Trump official: Rep. Mike Pompeo to be nominated for CIA director Elections Henry Ford College to hold adjunct faculty job fair Business Bakery associated with Capuchin Soup Kitchen broken into News 60-year-old man shot, killed at front door on Detroit's west side News Metro Detroit weather: Could break record high today Weather Man arrested for having gun at Detroit Metro Airport checkpoint News Mom points no fingers in son's accidental shooting death Washtenaw County FBI joins investigation after 3 women rescued from suspected sex trafficking ring in SW Detroit News FBI raids New York church after civil rights activists intervene News Trump offers Flynn job of national security adviser News Minnesota Mom Sues Her Trans Child Over Gender Reassignment News News Photos of man gripping child's hair onto Walmart shopping cart prompts investigation Cleveland police, CPS investigating By Scylla Lopez - Social Media Producer Posted: 11:32 AM, September 20, 2016 Updated: 12:38 PM, September 21, 2016 Photo courtesy Erika Burch More News Headlines Truck driver killed in rollover on eastbound I-696 in Oakland County Jessica Heeringa case: Muskegon man charged with murder, kidnapping Jim Harbaugh screams about milk in hilarious new commercial CLEVELAND, Texas - Cleveland police are investigating after photos of a man gripping a child's hair onto a Walmart shopping cart surfaced on social media. Erika Burch and her husband, Robert Burch, witnessed the incident Monday afternoon at a Cleveland Walmart. She said her husband turned to her and asked, "Do you see what that guy is doing to that little girl?" Erika Burch said the man was "dragging this little girl by the hair." She said the little girl was saying, "Please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop!" That's when Erika Burch took several photos of the man and the girl. "He dragged that baby around the store," Robert Burch said. Erika Burch said she told the man to let go of the girl's hair, but he told her to mind her own business. Erika Burch said she called police. "Very concerned for the well-being of the child," Cleveland police Chief Darrel Broussard said. Police said they are working with Child Protective Services on the investigation. CPS told KPRC 2 that they are checking to see if there are other children in the home and if the man in the photo has a "pattern of behavior." Erika Burch's Facebook post with the photos has been shared more than 18,000 times with many people expressing their concern for the child. "This is so sad. I feel horrible for that poor baby girl. I hope this gets investigated further," Tracy C. wrote. "No matter what a child does, you never pull them by their hair," Luis Z. wrote. While other people did not agree with how the child is being punished, they say people should not be too quick to judge the situation. "While I do not agree with his methods I'm not judging him either. The child probably needed some discipline and he made his choice," Don T. said. No charges have been filed. Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. Latest Videos 60-year-old man shot, killed at front door on Detroit's west side Metro Detroit weather: Could break record high today Man arrested for having gun at Detroit Metro Airport checkpoint Mom points no fingers in son's accidental shooting death U.S. and World News Official: Trump to announce national security team Sources: Trump asks Rep. Mike Pompeo to be CIA director China is ready to pounce if Trump axes Pacific trade deal Trump official: Rep. Mike Pompeo to be nominated for CIA director Entertainment News Teen hits back at ISIS by sculpting Nimrud's ruined artifacts Eminem's flop debut album 'Infinite' getting another look Watch the "Hob Nobble Gobble" Presented by Ford on Local 4, Friday at 8 P.M. Court blocks release of 'Making a Murderer's' Brendan Dassey Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Man arrested in elderly woman's carjacking, robbery Michael Keith Seminole County Jail Michael Keith Michael Keith (Seminole County Jail) Stephanie Allen Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Man arrested month after elderly woman carjacked, robbed at Casselberry Walmart Privacy Policy A Crimeline tip led police to arrest a man they say carjacked an elderly woman outside a Casselberry Walmart last month. Michael Keith, 43, was arrested Monday and booked into the John E. Polk Correctional Facility in Sanford on charges of carjacking without a weapon, robbery and battery on a person 65 years old or older, records show. Investigators received the tip after investigators released surveillance photos from the Aug. 22 incident. Police said the suspect approached the woman while she was loading items into her 1999 Toyota Camry. He swiped her purse and then got into the Camry and drove off, police said. Officers later found the car near Winter Park. Keith is being held in jail without bail. Records show Keith is no stranger to law enforcement. He has been arrested several times in Orange County on various charges, including domestic violence and possession of cocaine, according to court records. Caption Oviedo mom charged with strangling 1-year-old daughter makes first court appearance Murder suspect Kristen Marie DePasquale, 27 of Oviedo makes her first appearance in front of Seminole County Judge Mark Hern on Tuesday, November 15th, 2016. Murder suspect Kristen Marie DePasquale, 27 of Oviedo makes her first appearance in front of Seminole County Judge Mark Hern on Tuesday, November 15th, 2016. Caption Oviedo mom charged with strangling 1-year-old daughter makes first court appearance Murder suspect Kristen Marie DePasquale, 27 of Oviedo makes her first appearance in front of Seminole County Judge Mark Hern on Tuesday, November 15th, 2016. Murder suspect Kristen Marie DePasquale, 27 of Oviedo makes her first appearance in front of Seminole County Judge Mark Hern on Tuesday, November 15th, 2016. Caption Security footage shows person-of-interest at George's Hideaway A man leaves George's Hideaway Bar at 5507 Edgewater Dr. in Orlando is struck by another man after a dispute over money. The man on the left is a person of interest in this case. A man leaves George's Hideaway Bar at 5507 Edgewater Dr. in Orlando is struck by another man after a dispute over money. The man on the left is a person of interest in this case. Caption Doctor shot in Pine Hills Dr. Ashok Khanna was shot in his office in Pine Hills during an armed robbery, authorities said. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) Dr. Ashok Khanna was shot in his office in Pine Hills during an armed robbery, authorities said. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) Caption Pulse shooting: Body camera shows frenzied scene outside nightclub As law officers approach the club, several club-goers start coming out of the building. Then chaos erupts.   As law officers approach the club, several club-goers start coming out of the building. Then chaos erupts.   Caption Shooting near Dr. Phillips High Orange County deputies are investigating a shooting in a neighborhood behind Dr. Phillips High School. (Video from Fox 35) Orange County deputies are investigating a shooting in a neighborhood behind Dr. Phillips High School. (Video from Fox 35) He also was in-and-out of state prison several times between 1988 and 2005 on charges including, burglary, aggravated assault and robbery. sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417 Copyright © 2016, Orlando Sentinel Crime Theft Jails and Prisons Orange County Walmart carjacking suspect photos Interactive: Central Florida homicides map Live map: Active Orlando Police Department calls All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 73°
null
null
null
Home About The Observer Advertise in The Observer Classifieds Classified Archives Contact us Help Wanted Subscribe Submit News Menu Close Page 1 News Belleville Bergen County Bloomfield East Newark Essex County Harrison Hudson County Kearny Lyndhurst North Arlington Nutley Sports Sportsview Athlete of the Week Opinion Letters to the Editor Police/Fire Police Fire Obits Entertainment News Alerts HCPO: 2 nabbed in shoplifting/shooting incident 20 September 2016 By Ron Leir | Observer Correspondent KEARNY – Two men have been charged in connection with an alleged shoplifting and subsequent shooting of a suspect by a police officer that took place the Walmart in Kearny last Friday, Sept. 16. According to an account provided by Hudson County Prosecutor Esther Suarez, shortly after 8 a.m. Friday, a uniformed officer discharged his weapon, striking Ramon L. Martinez, 43, of Newark, in an “extremity.” Martinez was subsequently taken to an area hospital where he was listed in stable condition, according to Suarez. The officer involved was also taken to an area hospital for observation and later released, the prosecutor said. Martinez has been charged with eluding, receiving stolen property and shoplifting. An alleged accomplice, Diego C. Dosreis, 28, also of Newark, has been charged with receiving stolen property. The shooting is being investigated by the prosecutor’s office, “which is standard practice for police-involved shootings,” according to Suarez. No further information, including what type of merchandise had allegedly been taken from the Walmart, was released by the prosecutor. But Kearny Mayor Alberto Santos told The Observer that, according to what he has learned about the incident, a uniformed on-duty Kearny police officer happened to be near the Walmart when a police radio alert about the incident was broadcast. Santos said the officer then responded to the Walmart where he reportedly spotted a vehicle driven by Martinez – reportedly fleeing the crime scene – in the Walmart parking lot. At that point, Santos said, the officer reportedly fired his weapon at the fleeing suspect. According to one police source familiar with the case, the officer fired three times. One bullet hit the suspect’s right arm and two shots pierced his left arm, the source said. Nonetheless, the suspect still managed to drive away from the scene, the source said. At some time a bit later in the day, however, police – reportedly aided by getting a description of the getaway car and the suspect – tracked Martinez to a location in Newark where, according to the mayor, he was attempting to get his vehicle repaired. The suspect didn’t go to a hospital for treatment of his wounds because he feared that the hospital would – as required by law – report his gunshot injuries to the police, Santos said. It was apparently at this time, after officers corralled him, that Martinez was taken to an area hospital. It could not be readily learned how the second suspect is tied to the crime. Both suspects are presumed to be in Hudson County Jail, pending court action. The officer involved in the shooting has been placed on administrative leave pending a completion of the prosecutor’s review of the matter. The officer is reportedly a KPD veteran with prior military service. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Email Print Related News Ron Leir | Observer Correspondent Ron Leir has been a newspaperman since the late ’60s, starting his career with The Jersey Journal, having served as a summer reporter during college. He became a full-time scribe in February 1972, working mostly as a general assignment reporter in all areas except sports, including a 3-year stint as an assistant editor for entertainment, features, religion, etc. He retired from the JJ in May 2009 and came to The Observer shortly thereafter. He is also a part-time actor, mostly on stage, having worked most recently with the Kearny-based W.H.A.T. Co. and plays Sunday softball in Central Park, N.Y. More Posts Post navigation Previous Article← Drugs figure in 2 weekend arrests: HPD Next Article10 from Kearny PBA Local 21 bike from DC to NYC → This week’s e-Edition Schuyler Savings Bank Abbott/Milano Insurance Brady, Brady & Reilly NOTICE Have you or someone you love been involved in a crash or accident involving New Jersey Transit? If so, it is crucial that you contact an experienced accident lawyer immediately. Only a skilled lawyer can help you achieve compensation by identifying the best method of recovery in such cases. The attorneys at Brady, Brady & Reilly are currently handling all claims against New Jersey Transit. Call and make an appointment for a free consultation! Statute of limitation for ANY CLAIMS against NJ TRANSIT: Notice of your intention to file a claim against NJ TRANSIT must be sent to the claims department within 90 days of the accident in which you were injured or you will be forever barred from filing a lawsuit. Contact our law firm immediately after an accident so that we can send your notice and begin investigating your claim. Kathleen M. Reilly and Lawrence P. Brady are experienced personal-injury lawyers who handle claims against New Jersey Transit. Upon representation, Brady, Brady & Reilly, LLC will timely notify New Jersey Transit Operations of your claim and begin investigating your case. For a free legal consultation, call us at 201-997-0030. NO FEES UNLESS YOU RECOVER DAMAGES. Keypoint Mortgage Coccia Realty Call BHGRE Coccia Realty at (201) 997-7000 Business Directory Hague’s Blog On Social Media Advertise with The Observer Business partners wanted Looking for qualified business partners! Are you a sports-minded, self-motivated, entrepreneurial-minded individual? Contact Opportunity@lmfmarketing.com to educate yourself on this opportunity and see if this is a fit for you. Observer Archives Observer Archives Select Month November 2016  (39) October 2016  (57) September 2016  (41) August 2016  (62) July 2016  (60) June 2016  (63) May 2016  (57) April 2016  (60) March 2016  (86) February 2016  (64) January 2016  (73) December 2015  (87) November 2015  (80) October 2015  (90) September 2015  (94) August 2015  (72) July 2015  (84) June 2015  (117) May 2015  (91) April 2015  (79) March 2015  (101) February 2015  (90) January 2015  (82) December 2014  (100) November 2014  (99) October 2014  (96) September 2014  (101) August 2014  (87) July 2014  (111) June 2014  (98) May 2014  (94) April 2014  (114) March 2014  (88) February 2014  (77) January 2014  (87) December 2013  (84) November 2013  (79) October 2013  (112) September 2013  (67) August 2013  (62) July 2013  (87) June 2013  (77) May 2013  (88) April 2013  (80) March 2013  (80) February 2013  (74) January 2013  (87) December 2012  (44) November 2012  (76) October 2012  (85) September 2012  (91) August 2012  (85) July 2012  (59) June 2012  (79) May 2012  (97) April 2012  (72) March 2012  (80) February 2012  (95) January 2012  (80) December 2011  (76) November 2011  (102) October 2011  (84) September 2011  (110) August 2011  (97) July 2011  (75) June 2011  (104) May 2011  (36) April 2011  (5) February 2011  (1) September 2010  (2) June 2010  (2) January 2010  (1) September 2009  (6) April 2007  (1) March 2007  (1) October 2006  (5) Search The Observer Search for: On Twitter Tweets by @theobservernj Story Categories 9-11 About The Observer Belleville Belleville Schools Bergen County Prosecutor's Office Bloomfield Breaking News community service Controversy Crime Files Economy Essex Prosecutor Facebook featured Harrison homicide Hotels Hudson County Hudson County Prosecutor's Office Kearny Kentucky Care Lou Ghione Lyndhurst Medical Directory memorial military Missing person North Arlington North Arlington Police Nutley Nutley Police Department PATH Photos police Port Authority Public Safety Redevelopment Richard DiLascio Robert Giangeruso scams September 11 Veterans weather West Hudson WFW Keypoint Mortgage Friends of … © 2016 The Observer Online. All rights reserved. Fashionista by aThemes Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Posted Sep. 20, 2016 at 6:06 a.m. Muscular dystrophy drug OK'd; MDA celebrates (video); Wal-Mart closes Jet buy; Yelp review suit; media sues FBI over hack tool Published: 2016-09-20 06:06:31 Updated: 2016-09-20 06:06:31 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post By Wire reports Tags: Biotech & Life Science, E-commerce, Internet, Telecommunications and Wireless, Apple Research Triangle Park, N.C. — In today's Bulldog wrapup of science and technology news:... WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2016 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. Editor's Blog The latest blog posts from our WRAL TechWire and WRAL editors. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders   Forbes: NC as No. 2 best state for biz despite 'bathroom bill'    Analysis: NetApp's transformation is paying off    Cisco services growth at 54 straight quarters   Cooling tech startup Phononic adds another $40M to financing Latest Tech News NCSU tech enables drones, insect biobots to map disaster areas Charlotte-based Let's Talk Payments files to raise $500,000  Internet Summit: What do successful innovators do? They find a new medium Hot Off The Wire Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Following WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Wilmington startup Optima aiming to energize hog waste North Carolina awards $1.7M in grants to 29 startups, emerging firms Google photo app; Boeing job cuts; reverse heart disease?; Google 3K jobs in London; Tinder gender update Venture & Innovation  Startup unveils flashy content management system at Internet Summit First Flight Venture Center lands $450K federal grant Making Internet Summit conference more social IRL (in real life) CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Are 'tasty' cannabis edibles safe? Researchers want more study Forbes: NC as No. 2 best state for biz despite 'bathroom bill' TechBreakfast expanding in RTP with job fair, expo SAS new frontier: CodeSnaps, teaching kids code to control robots Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CED reports $175M through 62 capital deals in Q3 Google to offer real-time election returns for North Carolina NetApp cuts 6% of work force, won't say how many layoffs to hit RTP  Lenovo exec: Shifting data center, other leaders are moves to 'optimize talent'  Why is RTP such an agtech hot spot? Accelerator CEO explains Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google GSK IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle  Citing need for tech workers, report says computer science ed must be 'urgent priority'  InnovateEDU: A summit to inspire minority, female students to study STEM Copyright © 2016 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
null
null
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Shoplifter shot by Kearny cop was driving stolen car, police say jjx_contecriminal_092016.jpg Ramon L. Martinez, 43, of Newark, appears in court via videolink. (MICHAELANGELO CONTE JOURNAL PHOTO) Print Email Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal By Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal Follow on Twitter on September 20, 2016 at 7:35 AM, updated September 20, 2016 at 7:36 AM comments The Newark man shot by a police officer Friday in a Walmart parking lot was behind the wheel of a stolen vehicle, police say. Wearing a sling on his left arm, Ramon L. Martinez, 43, of Lexington Avenue, made his first court appearance on the charges today in Central Judicial Processing Court in Jersey City from Hudson County jail in Kearny. He is charged with eluding police by failing to stop his vehicle after receiving a signal from the officer to stop, and placing the officer at risk of death or serious injury, the criminal complaint states. Martinez, who court officials said has 28 prior arrests, is also charged with receiving stolen property — the 2012 Honda he was driving at the time of the incident. The officer fired multiple shots at him in the Walmart parking lot, striking him in the arm through the windshield. He also was charged with shoplifting, the complaint says. Authorities say Martinez had shoplifted at the Walmart and was fleeing the scene when the officer arrived and commanded him to stop. Police say witnesses and video surveillance footage shows he "eluded a uniformed Kearny police officer after receiving multiple commands to stop his vehicle while creating a risk of injury to the officer," the criminal complaint says. Martinez, who had a passenger in the vehicle, fled the parking lot but was arrested hours later in Newark by Kearny police. The passenger, Diego C. Dosreis, 28, also of Newark, was charged with receiving stolen property. The officer was not injured but was evaluated at a local hospital, which is standard procedure, Mayor Al Santos said. The mayor added that the officer had been nearby at the time of the incident and responded immediately. "The suspect is believed to have been a fleeing shoplifter and he threatened the officer with his vehicle," Santos said Friday. "The officer had to respond. He shot at the suspect because he was threatened by the suspect's vehicle as he tried to get away from the police officer trying to apprehend him." The shooting is being reviewed by the Hudson County Prosecutor's Office, as is the case in all instances when a law enforcement officer discharges his weapon in Hudson County. Martinez's bail was set at $40,000, cash only. Martinez mentioned that his arm hurt but said little else. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties A purpose-driven life offers surprising protection against Alzheimer's These 25 hospitals got the top grade in safety ratings MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Share 17 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him Entertainment 2016-11-17 ‘Lemony Snicket’s A Series Of Unfortunate Events’ Trailer Released Today: Netflix Is At It Again Entertainment 2016-11-17 Jessa Duggar Comments On Joy-Anna Duggar Courting News On Instagram And Seewald Family Blog: ‘Counting On’ Star Still Hides Baby Bump Entertainment 2016-11-16 MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2016-11-18 Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] News 2016-11-18 Obama Criticizes Fake News On Facebook, ‘Misinformation Threatens Democracy’ News 2016-11-17 Man Dissolves While Attempting To ‘Hot Pot’ In Yellowstone Hot Spring, Sister Captures Death On Phone News 2016-11-17 ‘Catfish’ Victim Mitchell Bowie, 18, Commits Suicide After Online ‘Girlfriend’ Threatens His Life Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 7 — Dhaka Vs. Chittagong, Rangpur Vs. Barisal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Nov. 18, SUROS Regime And Impossible Machines Gaming 2016-11-18 Best Buy’s Black Friday Pokemon Deals: Seize The Opportunity To Gear Yourself Up For A Rock-Bottom Price Gaming 2016-11-18 ‘Red Dead Redemption 2’ Release: Anticipation ‘Enormous’ For Fall 2017 Sequel Gaming 2016-11-18 Free ‘Lost Odyssey’ Promotion Leaked For Xbox One Owners, Just A Test Or Coming Soon? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-18 Marilyn Monroe ‘Happy Birthday, Mr. President’ Dress Sells For $4.81 Million BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Social Media’s #UNameItChallenge Goes Viral Before Thanksgiving, Gospel Star Shirley Caesar Responds BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Teacher Ruins Autistic Boy’s Role In School Play, Leaves Him Sobbing On Stage In Front Of Audience BuzzWorthy 2016-11-17 Flagstaff Police Officer Caught On Tape Punching Woman In The Face, Department Is Investigating [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss When It Comes To Halloween, Walgreens And Dollar Stores Pick Up Walmart’s Slack Shopping 17 0 0 September 18, 2016 When It Comes To Halloween, Walgreens And Dollar Stores Pick Up Walmart’s Slack Jon Mark To many, the most wonderful time of the year is here. Meaning that the Halloween spirit is looming over Walgreens — sometimes even off-season — and dollar stores across America, putting Walmart’s shoddy selection to shame for yet another year in a row. You can almost guarantee that this is how into the Halloween spirit Walmart is every year. Yeah. Just the ONE aisle. [Image by Jo Naylor | Flickr | CC BY 2.0] That’s right! Walmart. Once the envy of the Halloween decorations world; one would have thought that a big-box store such as Walmart would have put more effort into turning several aisles into a riveting Halloween shopping experience, expanding their ghosts and goblins section for the consumer. But sadly, they’re no longer committed to the holiday. Yes, it’s already a “plus” going to the dollar store anyway for just about anything you need, and because of that, the Halloween spirit goes a long way there. And if there is a dollar store closer to you than the nearest Walmart, save yourself a trip and hit it up first and you’ll be overwhelmed by their vast selection and “killer” savings, because you’re guaranteed to find things you never thought existed. And unlike Walmart — while they brag about being the “everything store,” they hardly have anything at all compared to — not just one, but two or more dollars stores. You can hit up Dollar General, Family Dollar, or any other dollar store you’ve probably been too afraid to enter, before the spooky season compels you to do so. A woman walks towards a Dollar General. She won’t be the same when she comes out! [Photo by Charles Krupa/AP Images] And really, in comparison, look at the size of that Walmart aisle. You would think they would go all the way for the season. You’ll be lucky if your Walmart has more than one aisle for spooky stuff. After all, the Halloween shopping life spans is just for a month and a half each year. If you still have doubts about the dollar stores, let The Consumer Queen set you straight. Even she throws a little “love” Walmart’s way. “You’ll still save lots of money over buying at Walmart and Target!” That still leaves CVS and Walgreens, who excel with their selection. Only the frequent shopper would know if they’re all carrying the same stuff, in which case they can stock up on backups and sometimes they’re even cheaper than that uninspired aisle of overpriced Walmart items. Walgreens has Nightmare Before Christmas stuff at the end of the aisle. Can you imagine what you’ll find on the aisle itself? [Image by Mike Mozart | Flickr | CC BY 2.0 ] Look, even Target is acceptable. They have a small section of dollar items when you walk in, which is worth checking out. Shoppers are always guaranteed to find some interesting and various off-kilter buys for the season. But for being such a small store, Walgreens has got the “goods,” and there’s more incentive to shop there because in general, it just feels good. Most Walmarts are sporadically unorganized and at times the buying experience, in general, almost feels like a chore. Similar to putting money in a snack machine at a public place, where you have to cripple your hands just trying to get something in your stomach. The main difference between Walmart and all of the other stores during Halloween, is that Walmart is more about convenience, which they certainly have down to a science, but because of their high-volume attitude, they’re hardly friendly. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FjZpmnjwJxs?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> And yes, Halloween is about chills, spookiness, and scary stuff, but it doesn’t look like they were having much fun when they put up the displays. There’s a disconnect between the fun that’s supposed to haunt an impressive Halloween section, to the stressful experience at the check-out line where there are never enough people to scan purchases, and even less people to help those in the self-check out line. Most everyone going to a Walmart isn’t necessarily looking forward to it. *walking past Walmart's Halloween section* LOOK CHRISTMAS! — Jose Hurtado (@ActorTwin) September 8, 2016 So there you have it. Walmart doesn’t have as much to offer as some of the other mentioned stores, so don’t waste any time and grab up some Halloween goodies before someone else does. What are your thoughts? Do you feel that Halloween just isn’t happening at your local Walmart? [Featured Image by Rusty Clark – On The Air | Flickr | Cropped and Resized | CC BY 2.0] Now Read This: Christmas 2016: Gifts You Might Consider When There Is No List Share 17 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jon Mark Tags: Dollar General, dollar stores, Family Dollar, Halloween Comments LATEST HEADLINES Brad Pitt Ready To Move On From Angelina Jolie With Margot Robbie? ‘Outlander’ Star Sam Heughan Opens Up About His Love Life And Mackenzie Mauzy ‘How To Get Away With Murder’ Spoilers: Why Did Wes Die, And Where Do They Go From Here? ‘Game Of Thrones’ Season 7 Theories: Are Sansa and Tyrion Destined to End Up Together? [Spoilers] Kourtney Kardashian And Scott Disick Are Not Living Together [Debunked] Fifth Harmony’s Lauren Jauregui Speaks Out About Viral Photo Of Her Kissing A Woman Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] Rangers Vs. Dundee: Prediction, Preview, And Live Streaming New Discovery Series ‘Legend Of Croc Gold’ Promises Plenty Of Danger And Drama WWE Rumors: Is James Ellsworth Signing With WWE? ‘Survivor Series’ Team Mascot No Longer Taking Indie Bookings Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 12k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 9.6k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 8.9k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 59.6k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 33k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 692 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Kourtney Kardashian And Scott Disick Are Not Living Together [Debunked] 0 0 0 Fifth Harmony’s Lauren Jauregui Speaks Out About Viral Photo Of Her Kissing A Woman 0 0 0 Man’s Drone Catches Cheating Wife Of 18 Years: 9 Million YouTube Video Views, Update — What’s The Real Story? [Opinion] 0 0 0 Rangers Vs. Dundee: Prediction, Preview, And Live Streaming 1 0 0 New Discovery Series ‘Legend Of Croc Gold’ Promises Plenty Of Danger And Drama 0 0 0 WWE Rumors: Is James Ellsworth Signing With WWE? ‘Survivor Series’ Team Mascot No Longer Taking Indie Bookings 22 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Friday, November 18th, 2016 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Looking for Christmas-themed events? Click H... Tyler’s fifth annual cocoa and cookies 10:11 a.m. Fri Home Savings provides postcards for troops 10:06 a.m. Fri Support group welcomes newcomers 10:04 a.m. Fri 29th annual ball will be Saturday 10:02 a.m. Fri 2017 community calendars available 10:01 a.m. Fri Braceville UMC sets dinner Saturday 9:59 a.m. Fri all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home POLICE CALLS | Print Tweet Published: Tue, September 20, 2016 @ 12:00 a.m. POLICE CALLS A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND Sept. 8 Identity fraud: An Olde Charted Trail man saw that his personal information had been compromised. Assault: A New Middletown man suffered a minor injury before reporting he had been assaulted at a Center Road business. Sept. 9 Identity fraud: A Chesterton Drive man found out his personal information had been used without authorization. Sept. 10 Recovered property: A $300 push scooter that had been reported stolen from a Diana Drive residence was found. BOARDMAN Sept. 9 Arrest: Police at a Doral Drive grocery store arrested 30-year-old Kyle A. Hutchinson of Erskine Avenue, Boardman. He was wanted on two warrants charging failure to appear in court. Theft: Someone in the 100 block of Prestwick Drive removed about $20 in bills and change from a car. Citation: Police responded to a report of someone soliciting in the roadway near Shields Road before issuing a minor-misdemeanor citation charging James C. Hanson Jr., 54, of Market Street, Boardman, with soliciting without a permit. Theft: A woman noticed a wallet, several credit cards and other items missing from her vehicle in the 1800 block of Halbert Drive. Misuse of a credit card: An East Huntington Drive woman found out her credit card had been used without consent to make a $175 online purchase. Criminal mischief: Someone tampered with a flagpole at a Shelby Road residence. Fraud: A Pierce Drive woman told police she unwittingly gave access to her computer to a caller claiming to represent Microsoft Corp. who convinced the accuser her machine had numerous viruses, then stated the repair service would be done for free. Nevertheless, she later realized her computer had been hacked and that $199 was removed from her online account. Theft: Roughly $5 in loose change was taken from a car in the 4000 block of Windsor Road. Unauthorized use of a vehicle: A Tudor Lane man said his son and a friend of the son’s had borrowed the father’s 2016 Chevrolet Silverado without permission and brought it back before the accuser returned from a camping trip. Theft/drugs: After several packages of shower curtains were reportedly stolen from Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive, authorities charged Melody L. McGlothlin of Prospect Street, Newton Falls, with theft; 30-year-old T.J. Allason of North Dunlap Avenue, Youngstown, with possession of drug-abuse instruments and drug paraphernalia; and 26-year-old Steven A. Doan of Northwest Boulevard, Warren, with theft and the same two drug charges. Two hypodermic needles, a spoon with two pieces of cotton containing suspected heroin residue and about 12 folded bindles commonly used to package heroin were found, a report showed. Assault: An Erie Street woman alleged a fellow student had grabbed, slapped and held down her daughter while the two girls were on a school bus. Theft: A Jeannelynn Street woman realized someone had entered her vehicle and a neighbor’s. About $6 in change was removed from one of the cars. Weapon: Officers were dispatched to a vehicular crash in the 7000 block of Market Street in which several people were reportedly injured before charging 20-year-old Daylyn M.J. Blair of Columbus with a fourth-degree felony count of improper handling of a firearm in a motor vehicle; 19-year-old Joquaun L. Blair of Oregon Avenue, Youngstown, with obstructing official business; and arresting 21-year-old Kemontey E. Blair of Columbus on a Franklin County, Ohio, warrant. Daylyn Blair failed to tell police about a loaded firearm in the vehicle, which they seized; also, Joquaun Blair fled from the accident, a report said. Sept. 10 Theft: Two men and a woman reportedly stole an unknown number of Sony PlayStation 4 games and a Bluetooth speaker from Walmart. Fraud: Authorities responded to a report that several people were possibly using multiple stolen credit cards at various Southern Park Mall stores and communicating via wireless headsets before arresting 28-year-old Cesar Aviles Jr. of Columbus on seven counts each of misuse of credit cards and forgery, two counts of receiving stolen property and one of possession of drug paraphernalia, and learning he was wanted on numerous theft and fraud charges from Onondaga County, N.Y. Also taken into custody was 39-year-old Jacqueline M. Saavedra of Elmhurst, N.Y., who faced two counts of possession of criminal tools and single counts of identity fraud, forgery, misuse of a credit card and obstructing official business. Saavedra had a Puerto Rico driver’s license with someone else’s information; also, another person’s credit card was recovered, a report showed. Theft: Atralle D. Tensley, 18, of Kenneth Street, Youngstown, was charged in the theft of supplement pills and a bottle of shampoo from Walmart. Arrest: A traffic stop near Afton Avenue resulted in the arrest of 27-year-old Joshua L. Clardy when police discovered Clardy, of Liberty Road, Youngstown, was wanted on warrants from Struthers and Liberty Township. Theft: Arnold D. Harding, 59, no address listed, faced theft and criminal-trespassing charges after surveillance footage at Walmart reportedly caught him selecting and eating a handful of grapes. Harding also was accused of violating a criminal-trespassing warning to stay off the property. Criminal damaging: A Sheridan Road woman reported someone had smeared feces on her vehicle’s driver’s side and hood. Theft: Someone removed $5 in change from a car in the 700 block of Indianola Road. Harassment: A man said he received several such text messages and calls while at an apartment in the 30 block of Carter Circle. Domestic violence: Lynn A. Burnside, 39, of Boardman, was arrested at the Mahoning County jail and charged with the crime after her boyfriend alleged Burnside had threatened to kill him or have someone else do it. Theft: Several members of the same family reportedly took two iPods and $30 worth of groceries from Walmart. Theft/drugs: Alexander J. Kaufman, 28, was charged with theft as well as possession of drug-abuse instruments and drug paraphernalia after three pairs of blue jeans valued at $178 were stolen from the J.C. Penney store in Southern Park Mall. Kaufman, of Dean Drive, New Castle, Pa., admitted having a needle, a spoon with burn marks common in drug use and empty bags with suspected drug residue, police alleged. Theft: A man noticed several boards that had been stacked behind his Argyle Avenue home were missing. Theft: A .22-caliber handgun and holster were stolen from a car in the 4500 block of Montrose Avenue. Theft: A South Avenue woman reported her purse stolen from her vehicle. Sept. 11 Criminal damaging: A vehicle check on Doral Drive led to the arrest of Asia S. Laury, who listed addresses on East Boston Avenue in Youngstown and in Columbus. The 28-year-old Laury was wanted on a Youngstown warrant charging criminal damaging. Burglary: To a condominium in the 6900 block of Tippecanoe Road after someone had pried open a door. Two flat-screen TVs and an electronic pad were stolen, for an estimated $3,200 loss. Criminal damaging: A Prestwick Drive man reported an unknown object was used to scratch his vehicle’s driver’s-side doors. Damage was estimated at $200. Theft/criminal damaging: A worker for a South Avenue motel told authorities a tenant had stolen a set of two towels and burned another such set. Theft: A woman noticed her purse missing from a shopping cart while at a Doral Drive big-box store. Menacing: An Applecrest Court woman alleged a neighbor with whom she has ongoing problems challenged her to a fight. Theft: Stefonia R. Rivers, 44, of North Forest Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with stealing $28 worth of merchandise, including three pairs of sunglasses, from Marc’s, 7121 Tiffany Blvd. Sept. 12 Arrests: While on routine patrol near Alburn Drive, an officer reported spotting two wanted people before apprehending 20-year-old Dakota C. Bruce of Tenney Avenue, Campbell, and a Campbell boy, 16, on nearby Prestwick Drive. Both were charged with obstructing official business and resisting arrest after being accused of leading police on a foot chase. Assault: The owner of a Mathews Road home alleged a tenant pushed the accuser and spit in his face after he had served an eviction notice. Theft: Someone took $5 from a vehicle in the 200 block of South Cadillac Drive. Domestic violence: Michael L. Infante, 59, of McCarty Road, Canfield, was charged after police had responded to a fight in the 5000 block of Lockwood Boulevard and an officer alleged Infante told him he would kill Infante’s daughter if not for another family member. The daughter alleged he had earlier threatened to kill her regarding family problems. Criminal damaging: A vehicle in the 30 block of South Shore Drive was found with a broken rear windshield. Damage came to $250. Assault: A township woman alleged her boyfriend had improperly restrained her son after the son deleted a TV show the boyfriend had recorded. Fraud: The owner of a residence in the 400 block of Orlo Lane discovered someone without authorization had posted an ad stating the home was for rent. Theft: Authorities phone booked Jesse D. Duby, 22, of Kroeck Avenue, Austintown, who was accused in an Aug. 25 shoplifting situation of stealing a 40-inch TV from Walmart. He also faced a separate charge related to an Aug. 26 theft at Target, 417 Boardman-Poland Road, in which a sound-bar device had been stolen. Other stories of interest Report: Flora Cafaro seriously injured in fire Rescue Mission kicks off $9.5M fundraising goal Social media threat changes witness appearance Animal advocates want Ohio puppy-mill bill blocked Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2016 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Briefs Print Roundup: Kohl's to hire 69,000 seasonal workers; more From Wire Reports | Monday, Sept. 19, 2016, 10:18 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Kohl's to hire at least 69,000 for holiday season work Kohl's plans to hire more than 69,000 workers for the upcoming holiday season to meet demand at more than 1,100 stores nationwide. The department store operator said it started hiring in August for the holiday season and expects most jobs to be filled by the middle of November. Several other retailers and businesses have already started ramping up hiring for the key holiday shopping season. Kellogg recalls some Eggo waffles Kellogg Co. is recalling about 10,000 cases of its Eggo Nutri-Grain Whole Wheat Waffles in 25 states because they could be contaminated with the bacteria listeria. Listeria can cause serious and even deadly infections. It primarily affects the elderly, pregnant women, newborns and people with weak immune systems. Wal-Mart completes Jet.com purchase Wal-Mart said Monday it has completed its purchase of online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, an acquisition aimed at helping the world's largest retailer attract younger and more affluent customers to drive online sales. The hefty price tag shows how heavily Wal-Mart is willing to invest as it tries to increase online sales. Wal-Mart has said it will incorporate some of Jet.com's “smart technology” that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. However, Wal-Mart and Jet.com will operate as separate brands. Uber to open Michigan research center Ride-hailing giant Uber will open a research center in metropolitan Detroit by year's end to accommodate increased work with automotive industry suppliers and technology companies involved in autonomous vehicle development. Sherif Marakby, Uber's vice president for global vehicle development, announced the investment Monday at a conference being hosted in suburban Detroit by professional engineering association SAE International. Marakby, who joined Uber in April after 25 years at Ford, declined to say where the center will be located or how many people it will employ but did say it would open in a few months. Outside California, San Francisco-based Uber has a large presence in Pittsburgh, where last week it began operating about 20 fully autonomous Ford Fusion hybrids on its most heavily traveled routes in that city. Uber has a partnership with the city's Carnegie Mellon University, which has a well-respected robotics program. — Wire reports More Business Cozy retirement? Only for a privileged few JPMorgan fined $264M for bribing foreign officials Touch-screen ordering, table service coming to McDonald's restaurants in U.S. Tesla, SolarCity get shareholder approval for merger Bank stocks continue surge, leading market higher Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending 52 apprehended in Westmoreland County warrant sweep Pittsburgh adopts 'zero tolerance' policy for misbehavior on Light Up Night Hurdle taking McCutchen's future with Pirates 'one day at a time' Daily Gallery View Thursday ­— Nov. 17, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us

Home News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours 63° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Forecast Radar Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Featured: Bettendorf Davenport Moline Rock Island Latest Headlines Nick Cannon is expecting a baby with his ex-girlfriend Updated: 6 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Nick Cannon says he’s expecting a baby with his ex-girlfriend Brittany Bell. The 36-year-old “America’s Got Talent” and “Wil… Navajo youth travel to San Francisco to protest coal plant Updated: 6 mins ago Nineteen-year-old Sheldon Natoni worries about the haze hanging over his tribe’s sacred mountains in Arizona and the impact it is having on … Turkey detains 76 academics in Istanbul in post-coup probe Updated: 7 mins ago Chicago cop who shot 2 inadvertently put back on street Updated: 6 mins ago Senior EU official praises Portugal’s economic improvement Updated: 16 mins ago Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Current Conditions 63° F Clear Feels Like: 63° F Wind: S 20 Humidity: 63% Dewpoint: 50° F Sunrise: 6:55 AM Sunset: 4:39 PM Forecast Radar Webcams Currently Sponsored by: Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours Search for: Search the site 63° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Rock Island city council accepts city manager’s resignition By Ashley Davis Published: September 19, 2016, 10:30 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (KWQC) – Rock Island City Council accepted the resignation of City Manager Thomas Thomas Monday night. The news comes less than two weeks after Walmart backed out on building a store in the city, and less than a week after he turned in his resignation letter. Thomas says it was odd sitting down for his final council meeting as Rock Island’s city manager Monday night. “Realizing I’ll never see those same faces again, have those conversations again,” Thomas said. The city approved giving Thomas half a year’s salary in severance pay, on top of other benefits. “This, I think, is the best way to go, everybody parts on good terms and good ways,” Rock Island Mayor Dennis Pauley said. This raised concerns with some people in the community during the meeting. “You all continue to throw the tax payers money down the drain, that $77,000 should be a down payment on that $15 plus million,” a Rock Island citizen said during Monday night’s meeting. Some noted how soon the announcement came after Walmart decided not to come to Rock Island. “Mr. Thomas you’ve been here five years, I don’t know how much of this is your responsibility, but I think you’re taking the brunt of the load it only came up when Walmart decided not to come,” another Rock Island citizen said during the meeting. Thomas says after five years with the city, that has nothing to do with his decision to move on. “Being a city manager, that’s part of it, you get credit when things go good and you get the negatives when things go bad that’s part of it,” Thomas said. “I reached a five-year mark and I thought we’d accomplished a good body of work and that’s when I started thinking about different opportunities in that time.” Pauley says he has enjoyed working next to Thomas. “We wish Mr. Thomas nothing but the best in his future endeavors he came here five years ago and I think everything he has done has been in the best interest of the city,” Pauley said. Thomas says he hopes to see the progress in the city of Rock Island continue. “They’re passionate about the city, they’re passionate about their wards, I can be dealing with and alderman on a Sunday morning while I’m at church or a Saturday night because they’re passionate about issues that are going on in this community,” Thomas said. Thomas’ last day as city manager is Tuesday, Sept. 20. He says he is in the process of looking for another job as a city manager somewhere else Pauley says Public Works Director Randy Tweet will serve as the interim city manager until they find a replacement. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Rock Island City manager to step down Rock Island names Randy Tweet interim city manager through spring election Rock Island mayor will not seek re-election; two candidates announce campaign TV-6 Investigates: Rock Island home demolitions Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KWQC.com Get A Copy Of A Newscast June 9, 2015 If you are looking for a copy of a story or an entire newscast you saw on KWQC-TV, Universal Information Services is taking over the workloa… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KWQC.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Davenport, Inc. An indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Media General, Inc. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Home News Weather Sports PSL Station KWQC History River Levels Straight To Six Viewer Photo Submit Closing Info Contests Business Contact Us FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Media General Terms of Use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Read today's eNewspaper News Maryland State trooper justified in fatally shooting man in Cecil County last year, prosecutors find Tim PrudenteContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Prosecutors cleared a state trooper with shooting to death a man last year outside Walmart A Maryland state trooper was justified in fatally shooting a 30-year-old man last year during a struggle outside a Wal-Mart in Cecil County, prosecutors said. The Cecil County state's attorney's office cleared Trooper Daryl Brackett, 29, in the shooting death of Charles Hall of North East in August 2015. "The state finds no criminal wrongdoing by Trooper Brackett, and we consider this matter closed," Deputy State's Attorney Steven Trostle wrote in a letter dated Nov. 15, 2015. It was obtained Monday by The Baltimore Sun through a Maryland Public Information Act request. State police said they would not comment on the matter, citing a pending lawsuit. The agency did not discuss the nature of the suit. Brackett told investigators he was patrolling the North East Plaza shopping center on Aug. 21, 2015, when he saw Hall and pulled up, according to a synopsis of the interview, also obtained through the Public Information Act request. Cecil Co. State's Attorney taken into custody in Ocean City for alleged disorderly conduct, indecent exposure Jessica Anderson Edward D. Rollins III, of North East, Cecil County State's Attorney, was taken into custody and then released without charges, Ocean City police said in a statement. Police officers were called about 4 p.m. on Wednesday to the Clarion Resort Fontainebleau Hotel after receiving reports of a nude... Edward D. Rollins III, of North East, Cecil County State's Attorney, was taken into custody and then released without charges, Ocean City police said in a statement. Police officers were called about 4 p.m. on Wednesday to the Clarion Resort Fontainebleau Hotel after receiving reports of a nude... (Jessica Anderson) Brackett said he ran Hall's name and found an open warrant, then approached Hall as the man was loading items into his car. Hall "started fumbling in his pockets for his keys and jumped in his car," Brackett told investigators. He said he blocked the car door and tried to pull Hall out. He said Hall was trying to put the car into drive as he was ordering him out. Brackett said he hit the man's arms to break Hall's grip on the steering wheel. Brackett told investigators the two men struggled and the trooper pulled out his gun. He told investigators that Hall grabbed for the weapon and he "felt the car take off at a high rate of speed and felt his legs drag." Caption Two Maryland football players charged in connection with BB gun assault University of Maryland Police have charged two student athletes in connection with an assault involving a BB Gun. (WJZ) University of Maryland Police have charged two student athletes in connection with an assault involving a BB Gun. (WJZ) Caption Third defendant to appear in court for murder of Arnesha Bowers The third defendant in the murder of 16-year-old Arnesha Bowers is due to appear in court today. (WJZ) The third defendant in the murder of 16-year-old Arnesha Bowers is due to appear in court today. (WJZ) "Trp. Brackett pointed his gun at Hall and just before Hall tried to reach up and grab the gun again, Trp. Brackett fired one shot and then punched out again and fired another shot," investigators wrote in the synopsis. Brackett said he put the car in park. He said he heard Hall's wife yelling from behind, calling him a "murderer" and accusing him of shooting an unarmed man. Brackett told investigators he "waited for backup to arrive before he could focus his attention on medical treatment for Hall because he was in fear and wanted the scene to be secure." Hall died in the parking lot. His wife could not be reached Monday. Brackett, a trooper for nearly four years, retired from the state police in May. "I just wasn't able to go back to work," he told The Baltimore Sun on Monday. "I have death threats come to me and my family. … It's just tough, and you combine everything that's happened to me, it's not like you can sleep at night. It's not like you don't have nightmares." Brackett said he served six years in the Army and was deployed to Iraq in 2011. He said the shooting last year worsened his post-traumatic stress disorder. "There's been a lot of speculation about what I should have done," Brackett said. "I was fighting with him for over a minute, trying to pull him out of the car, and then he launches the car and tries to slam me." Brackett said he had no other option. "If I had a Taser, I would have used it," he said. "It probably would have kept him alive." After a shooting, state police policy requires a trooper to "render aid within his level of training." In a review of the incident, state police Sgt. David Sexton watched security and dashboard camera footage from Brackett's vehicle and wrote that the trooper "does not appear to provide any medical or life saving techniques at the time and it is several minutes before an off duty deputy who is an EMT arrives and assists the troopers." Sexton noted that Brackett can be seen "going back to Hall, who is in distress and incapacitated, and he seems to be talking to him and using his radio." An internal affairs investigation was conducted to determine if Brackett followed police rules and policies. The findings of that investigation are confidential under state law. "There's a hundred-plus people in the parking lot screaming at me," Brackett told The Sun. "By the time it took me to secure everything and clear my weapon and move on to render aid, he had no pulse." Medical examiners found Hall had heroin and cocaine in his system. Trostle, the deputy state's attorney, said Brackett knew of the open warrant against Hall and was therefore justified in attempting to arrest him. Trostle said the finding was based in part on a review of the dashboard camera video, the toxicology report and the fact that Hall's DNA was found on Brackett's gun. "The car lunged forward approximately 6 feet, throwing Trooper Brackett off balance, and creating a clear danger to both Trooper Brackett and citizens walking in the parking lot," Trostle wrote "It is clear that Trooper Brackett reasonably feared for his own safety, and/or the safety of citizens who were in the parking lot." tprudente@baltsun.com Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Shootings Maryland Public Information Act Cecil County motorcycle crash kills one, injures another Md. state trooper fatally shoots suspect in North East Suspects sought in Elkton fatal shooting Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 55°

Tampa Bay Times: Subscribe Make Payment/Renew Missed Paper Vacation Stop E-Paper TBO: Advertise Contact Us AUTOS HOMES JOBS Friday, Nov 18, 2016 68° Home Local News US & World Sports Entertainment Radar Weather Special Sections Business News Chip readers are coming to a Publix near you Publix is installing chip readers in all its markets. ZACK WITTMAN | Times By Alli Knothe Times Staff Writer Published: September 20, 2016 Publix Super Markets is finally installing readers for credit cards that have security chips. “We are aggressively installing chip readers in our company-wide rollout without sacrificing the positive shopping experience of our customers and associates,” Publix spokesman Brian West said Tuesday. The first chip readers were installed in July, he said. West declined to say when the readers would be on-line for all of the Lakeland-based grocer’s 1,000-plus locations. Other retailers, from Walmart and Target to independent stores like Buddy Brew Coffee installed the readers last year. In May, Publix said it was working on upgrading its computer systems. Previous coverage: You can can use your chip credit card Walmart and Target, but why not Publix? The technology is intended to better protect consumers from hackers and thieves, especially after major data breaches at Target, Home Depot and other retailers over the last several years. Jason Oxman, head of the Electronic Transactions Association trade group wrote in a blog post last week that it could be some time before the chip technology is universal: “We expected the transition to take at least five years ... But the pace of adoption here has been fast. In less than one year since the transition started, three-quarters of Americans already have at least one chip card.” About 30 percent of merchants in the U.S. currently have upgraded to chip readers, according to the ETA. Oxman said that the industry is working on fixing two major complaints with the chip readers: Speed and sound. “We are rolling out new terminal software upgrades to speed up the checkout time to two seconds or less. So you’ll have less time for awkward small talk with the checkout clerk,” he said. As for the loud beeping sound the chip terminals make when it’s time to remove the cards, he said it “won’t be necessary when we all get used to the new system.” Contact Alli Knothe at aknothe@tampabay.com. Follow @KnotheA. Weather Center Radar Images: Tampa Bay region Brandon Central Tampa South Tampa New Tampa Northwest Hillsborough South Shore North Pinellas South Pinellas Pasco Polk Manatee Sarasota Hernando/Citrus Heartland Tampa Bay area Weather Alerts: Full-sized radar Current conditions 10-day Forecast Hurricane Guide Local News Is one of Tampa Bay's premier condo towers sinking? Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston: How the Bucs quarterback is imitating Brett Favre Good year at USF could mean big bonus for president Judy Genshaft Hillsborough firefighter wanted in bar fight is suspected motorcycle gang member Email Email newsletters Contact Us Advertising info Place an ad online Letters Subscription Manage account Subscribe Vacation stop More Info Legal notices About us Privacy statement Terms & conditions About our ads About our company Jobs Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Affiliates Centro Tampa Highlands Today © 2016 Times Publishing Inc.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 422 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Howell cops seek woman who harassed Jewish teen “Go back to Lakewood you (expletive) Hasidic Jews," the woman said, according to police. Post to Facebook Howell cops seek woman who harassed Jewish teen “Go back to Lakewood you (expletive) Hasidic Jews," the woman said, according to police.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2dkhBlp {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Howell cops seek woman who harassed Jewish teen Andrew Ford , @AndrewFordNews 4:19 p.m. EDT September 21, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Residents of A Country Place in Lakewood are at odds over limited hours when men and women can swim together. Shannon Mullen “Go back to Lakewood you (expletive) Hasidic Jews," the woman said, according to police. Howell police say this woman cursed at and pushed an Orthodox Jewish teenager. (Photo: Courtesy of Howell police) HOWELL - Township police are trying to identify a woman they say cursed at and pushed an Orthodox Jewish 16-year-old at a Walmart. About 10 p.m. Sept. 5, the teen was standing in front of the store with friends, according to a police statement. The teen told police the woman entered the Walmart with another man. While entering the store, she turned toward the teen and confronted him "aggressively without provocation," according to the statement. The man tried to restrain her. She then asked the teen if he was from Lakewood and told him to “go back to Lakewood you [expletive] Hasidic Jews," according to the statement. She then pushed the boy and went into the store, leaving minutes later, before police arrived. Detective Sergeant Christian Antunez explained that both the comment and the push are criminal acts. RELATED: Lakewood condo owners sue over single-sex pool RELATED: Lakewood school's summer camp rattles Pennsylvania town RELATED: Website: Why we won't give Lakewood refunds RELATED: Lakewood cops arrest swastika suspects Howell police say their suspect in a harassment incident drove this car.  (Photo: Courtesy of Howell police) Police described their suspect a white woman in her mid-20s or early 30s and released a surveillance image of her. She drove a newer model white four-door Kia Optima. Anyone with information about the suspect is asked to contact Detective Cpl. Nancy Carroll at ncarroll@howellpolice.org or 732-938-4575 Ext. 2894. Andrew Ford: 732-643-4281; aford3@gannettnj.com 422 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2dkhBlp TOP VIDEOS Christie: No reason to believe he will not serve out Governor's term 2:01 NewsBreak: Obama meets with Merkel; Arrest after Oceanport body found 0:55 NewsBreak: Trump's Transition Process; Rahimi indicted in NYC, Seaside Park bombings 0:51 NewsBreak: Missing man's body found in Oceanport 0:55 Manalapan family turns home into food pantry 0:51 Body found in woods behind Oceanport floral shop 0:44 Air Bnb helps Marie Fiorvante pay her bills 1:27 WJLP NewsBreak 0:54 NewsBreak: Minnesota officer charged in the death of Philando Castile; Neptune shooting investigation 0:54 School bus driver killed in Colts Neck crash 0:21 More Stories Court date set for Christie’s appeal Nov. 16, 2016, 9:33 a.m. Rutgers students peacefully join nationwide protest of Trump Nov. 16, 2016, 10:51 p.m. Are you living in rental hell? Nov. 9, 2016, 1:09 p.m. A check in the mail from Horizon? Not a scam Nov. 18, 2016, 10:15 a.m.
null
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Deals & Promotions Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Security Cam - $99 w/ code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. facebook twitter link email Outsmart Burglars with SimpliSafe: From Just $229.96 The burglars of today are ready for almost anything, but they've met their match with SimpliSafe. Each package is a thoughtfully-assembled security arsenal. It uses technology designed by a Harvard-educated engineer. It's so reliable, it received CNET's Editor's Choice Award. Packages starting from just $229.96. facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $199.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. facebook twitter link email Sonus Faber Pryma 1 Closed-Back Headphones - $499.99 High style and legendary Sonus Faber engineering combine together to create some of the finest headphones you can buy in the under-$1000 category. facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. facebook twitter link email Rosewill 4-Liter Stainless Steel Electric Hot Water Dispenser - $50 Dual, electric and cup dispense, three temperature settings, stainless steel shell and inner pot and dry-boil protection. Select 'White' to get sale price. facebook twitter link email Bose SoundTouch Wireless Starter Two-Pack - $349.95 The SoundTouch 10 x 2 Wireless Starter Pack is the easiest way to stream your music with full, rich sound to more than one room. facebook twitter link email Sony MDR-1A Headphones - $298 Super-comfort, clarity and listenability combine to make an already excellent headphone even better. CNET 4.5 Star rating. facebook twitter link email Onkyo RZ800 7.2 Network A/V Receiver - $649.99 Major bang for your bucks. 135-watts per channel, WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplay, Dolby Atmos, three-zone / three-source output and incredible sound for music and movies. facebook twitter link email Canon EOS Rebel T6i Kit w/ 18-55 Lens - $749 The perfect 'all-around' DSLR combines performance with excellent usability. Kit includes lens, memory card, camera bag and more. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Security Cams & Systems Now 20-Percent Off! From indoor and outdoor Full HD security cams to Network Video Recorders and systems, Amcrest provides complete security solutions for your Home or Business Needs. Enjoy 20% off on these select products. facebook twitter link email Bose QuietControl 30 Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones - $299.95 Lightweight, exceptionally comfortable, great sounding Bluetooth headphones let you set just the right amount of noise cancelling that sounds best. facebook twitter link email Spock Million Dollar Bill - $4.99 What's better than a million dollars? A million Spock dollars! Collectible million dollar bill in currency holder featuring classic Spock and crew images. facebook twitter link email Yujin eX500 Smart Vac & Mop Robot - $379 2-in-1, extremely quiet and powerful robot vacuum and mop with advanced camera recognition and navigation, V-type brush design for better cleaning and a slim "fits everywhere" design. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Hex 'Super-Wide' Indoor WiFi Security Cam - $74.99 Stunning, Full-HD, 960p (1.3MP) video quality at 30fps with a super-wide 140 degree viewing, two-way audio and night vision up to 32 feet. facebook twitter link email IDrive: Click - Protect Your Data, Documents and Memories - $6 Lose the worry! It's as easy as 1-2-Click to backup and protect all your data on all your devices. Get 1TB for 1-year of military-encrypted backup and top flight customer service. facebook twitter link email Cheapskate Deals Rick Broida has been wheeling and dealing and writing about deals for a long time now. See what Rick is touting today, and get in on the best deal action around. facebook twitter link email 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Previous Next Most Popular Deals View by: Popularity Popularity Date All deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software TelevisionsCategories: All deals facebook twitter link email This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping As one of its daily deals, That Daily Deal offers a This Is Your Life Poster for $9.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our September mention, $30 under a similar one today, and the lowest total price we've seen. It measures 18" x 24". Deal ends today. Of note, it's available as a 24" x 36" poster for $12.99 or as a 24" x 34.5" canvas for $19.99, each with free shipping. from That Daily Deal / $10 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $8.88 with free shipping. ( Amazon charges the same; although it's currently on backorder.) Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.97 shipping charge. That's $12 off list and the lowest price we could find. It keeps fuel fresh for up to 24 months during storage. from Walmart / $9 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece for $12 + free shipping w/code VISAFRIDAY Today only, Lyons Golf via Rakuten offers the Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece in 18 colors (Asphalt Grey pictured) for $21.99. Check out via Visa Checkout and apply coupon code "VISAFRIDAY" to cut that to $11.99. With free shipping, that's the lowest total price we could find by $10. It comes in sizes S to XL. from Rakuten / $12 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Refurb Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB Phone for $275 + free shipping Guarantee Cellular via eBay offers the refurbished Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB No-Contract GSM Smartphone in Silver or Gold for $274.99 with free shipping. That's $124 under our refurb mention from April and the lowest total price we could find. (It's also $225 less than the best price we could find for a new one.) No warranty information is provided. from eBay / $275 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Porter-Cable 20V Max 4-Tool Combo Kit for $132 + free shipping w/code C20SHOPEARLY Ending today, CPO via eBay offers the Porter-Cable 20-volt Max 4-Tool Combo Kit, model no. PCCK616L4, for $164.99. Check out via PayPal and apply coupon code "C20SHOPEARLY" to cut that to $132. With free shipping, that's $28 under our July mention and the lowest total price we could find by $27. It includes a two-speed drill/driver, a 5-1/2" circular saw, a compact reciprocating saw, and two 20-volt batteries. from eBay / $132 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email 3-Piece Comforter Sets at Macy's for $18 + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's offers a selection of 3-Piece Comforter Sets (Arrow 3-Piece Comforter Set pictured) for $17.99 each. Pad your order with a beauty item (prices start at $4) to receive free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $9.95. (You can also spend $25 or more to qualify for free shipping.) That's a savings of $62 for each set, although we saw a similar selection priced at a buck less in September. They're available in twin, full/queen, and king, although not in all size/style combinations. Each set include a comforter and two shams. (Twin sets have just one sham.) Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $18 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Pan/Tilt Wifi Security Camera - $99 w/ code w/code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. $99 Expires in 6 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Cookware Set for $30 + free shipping Macy's offers the Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Stainless Steel Cookware Set for $29.99 with free shipping. That's $90 off list and the lowest total price we could find. It includes a 1.5-quart saucepan, 2.5-quart saucepan, 5-quart stockpot, 9.5" sauté pan, 8" fry pan, flower steamer, large spoon, slotted turner, pasta server, and four lids. Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $30 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping Gearbest offers the iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner in White for $97.99 with free shipping. (Choose "US-LA" as the warehouse option to see this price.) That's tied with our mention from a week ago, $147 off list, and the lowest total price we could find. It features a schedule function, two side brushes, double HEPA filtration, multiple cleaning modes, smart sensors, and a remote control. from GearBest / $98 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Nike Crewneck Shirts at Dick's Sporting Goods from $8 + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes an extra 50% off select Nike crewneck shirts, as listed below. (Add items to your cart to see this discount.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Deal ends November 19. The shirts, with prices after discount: Nike Men's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Women's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Men's Crewneck Long Sleeve Shirt for $10 (pictured, $10 off) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $8 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to 65% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and sports gear as part of its Black Friday Now Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, select items take $10 off for every $50 you spend. (A $30 maximum applies.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. (Large items carry additional handling charges.) Several exclusions apply. A couple of best bets: Gerry Women's Rena Insulated Jacket for $89.99 $99.99 ($110 off) Top Flite 2016 XL 13-Piece Complete Set for $149.98 (low by $30) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $150 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GearXS Apple Clearance Event: Up to 81% off + free shipping GearXS takes up to 81% off a selection of Apple laptops, desktops, and accessories, with items starting at $29.99, during its Apple Clearance Event. Plus, all items bag free shipping. from GearXS / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Clarks at ShoeBuy: Up to 50% off + coupons + free shipping w/code EMLNOVTIERED ShoeBuy takes up to 50% off a selection of Clarks men's and women's shoes. Even better, take an extra $20 off orders of $60 or more, $30 off or $80 or more or $40 off $120 or more via coupon code "EMLNOVTIERED". Alternatively, take an extra 25% off via coupon code "Hellofall16". (Codes don't stack.) Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Deal ends November 19. from ShoeBuy / Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sphero Star Wars BB-8 App Controlled Droid - $129.99 This IS the Droid you're looking for! $130 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Micro-iCAN Special Edition Headphone Amp - $229.99 The fabulous i-CAN upgraded with higher-quality components, extended bass and greater clarity. This is a serious headphone amp at a limited time, super low price. $230 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Nano-iDSD PCM/DSD/DXD Battery Powered USB DAC - $144.99 You don't need to spend a lot to get a great, all-format, high-res, battery-powered USB DAC. Now save even more for a limited time only. $145 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GoPro HERO5 Black 12MP Rear Touchscreen Waterproof Camera - $399.99 Super-compact GoPro is the easiest to use yet. Take stunning 4K video and 12MP photo in Single, Burst, and Time Lapse modes. Plus Voice Control, GPS and more. $400 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email R2-D2 Lunch Kit w/ Lights and Sound - $13.59 Super-cool lunch kit for your young or old Star Wars fan. 100-percent PVC free with Peva lining and high-quality foam insulation to keep the cold, cold and the hot, hot. $14 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Mr. Potato Head Spudtrooper - $11.04.04 Includes 8 character costume pieces and 5 classic Mr. Potato Head accessories. $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Millennium Falcon 7-Color Table and Desk Lamp - $39.95 7 different color modes show off your Millennium Falcon to best advantage. Power by USB or wall outlet. $40 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic 50-inch x 60-inch Soft n' Cozy Throw - $10.59 Super-soft, super-plush and super-cozy throw with classic images for fans $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic Peel And Stick Wall Decals - $8.80 Pack of 31, Made In the USA, Star Wars classic decals are easy to apply, removable and repositionable and leave no sticky residue $9 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email NFL Shop Outlet: Up to 70% off + free shipping w/code NFLSHIP NFL Shop takes up to 70% off outlet items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, coupon code "NFLSHIP" bags free shipping sitewide. (Shipping usually adds a flat $5.99.) Some exclusions may apply. A couple of best bets: Forever Collectibles Women's New York Giants Gloves & Scarf Set for $19.99 ($16 off) Pro Line Men's Green Bay Packers Green Square Up Long Sleeve T-Shirt for $19.99 (pictured, $16 off) from NFL Shop / $20 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $169.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. $170 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. $1200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. $200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 Most Popular Deals categories All Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software Televisions IDrive: Military-Encrypted Online Backup - 1TB / 1-Year $6 Don't let your data, documents and precious moments become just a memory! Shop Now Deal ends Feb 28, 2017 1 of 1690 NEXT / PREV Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! APPLE NEWS For Apple's iPhone SE, new iPad Pro, small is the new big A more petite iPhone and a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro stretch out Apple's family of products. The goal: to convince you it's time to trade up. SEE ALL THE NEWS © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,182.72 -4.40 (-0.20%) Dow 30 18,869.20 -34.62 (-0.18%) Wal-Mart pays quarterly bonuses to more store employees By Nandita Bose ReutersSeptember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/FilesMore By Nandita Bose CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> said it paid more than $201 million in second-quarter bonuses to hourly store staff as 99 percent of its stores met targets for cleanliness, faster checkout and better service. The world's largest retailer said 932,000 store employees received a quarterly cash bonus this year. This was a jump from 880,000 employees in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and 687,000 workers in fiscal 2015. On a per-employee basis, the average bonus comes to about $220. Quarterly bonuses can account for up to 5 percent of a Wal-Mart store employee's total annual income, the retailer said. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the United States. Its 1.5 million workers include store staff, store management and truck drivers. Hourly employees at the company's nearly 4,600 U.S. locations are eligible for quarterly bonuses based on the performance of their store. This increase in bonuses comes after the retailer bucked a string of weak earnings by its rivals and reported a better-than-expected quarterly performance last month. Wal-Mart said it benefited from more efficient U.S. stores and higher employee wages that fostered better customer service. At the same time the retailer is cutting back-office jobs, announcing earlier this month the elimination of about 7,000 positions, mostly in accounting and invoicing at its U.S. stores. It will offer these affected employees consumer-facing positions. Wal-Mart spokesman Kory Lundberg said until two years ago Wal-Mart's internal targets focused more on metrics like higher store sales. However, in the past two years the retailer has pivoted towards a greater emphasis on customer service by bringing more employees to the front of the store from its back rooms. Entry-level wages have also been increased to $10 an hour and $2.7 billion will be invested in employee compensation and training over two years, a move Wal-Mart says has contributed to improved service levels. The retailer also recently launched a new system for scheduling workers at 650 U.S. stores to improve staffing levels during peak shopping times and offer more certainty over hours for employees. Wal-Mart's shares traded up 0.44 percent at $72.29 per share in early trade on Wednesday. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Stephen Coates and Daniel Bases) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Walmart's Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals Kiplinger.com How to Get a NES Classic This Week Gamespot Things You Should Never Buy at Dollar Stores Kiplinger.com Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales Reuters Yellen: I'm not stepping down until my term is done CNBC 5 signs you're emotionally intelligent — even if it doesn't feel like it Business Insider Why Trump scares GM and Ford Yahoo Finance 3 No-Brainer Stocks to Buy for Retirement Kiplinger.com A Public-Private Path for Trump's Infrastructure Plan Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few Associated Press Tech insiders weigh in on how Peter Thiel could shape Donald Trump's tech policy Yahoo Finance Subaru just gave a glimpse at the future of its business with this striking new SUV Business Insider Elon Musk to the guy who invested his net worth in Tesla: ‘We won’t let you down’ MarketWatch BlackRock's Rieder Sees Fed 'Ready to Go' in December Bloomberg Video Putin says Russia works to develop new weapons Jason Semkiv: Try to develop something without Western technology. Anything Russia makes or builds is obsolete before it sees first daylight. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 21 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance Yellen: Repealing Dodd-Frank would increase odds of another financial crisis Yahoo Finance 'It was arrogance' — Clinton staffers explain how she lost key battleground states Business Insider IT'S OFFICIAL: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging Yahoo Finance 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Senator Thune talks trade, immigration and politics CNBC Videos All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance Apple is exploring making iPhones in the US — 'the cost will more than double' Business Insider 5 things to know about a potential DraftKings-FanDuel merger Yahoo Finance 5 things NOT to buy at Lowe’s and Home Depot MarketWatch Oil falls as stronger dollar outweighs OPEC deal optimism Reuters Senate point-person on telecom reacts to AT&T/TimeWarner... CNBC Videos Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance What you should do about exploding mortgage rates Yahoo Finance Donald Trump will inherit a robust economy Yahoo Finance Salesforce soars on big earnings beat Business Insider Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart Issues Cash Bonuses To 900,000 Hourly Associates To Reward Performance R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 21, 2016 11:13am   Comments Share: Related WMT 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble Delta, American Airlines Are Buys; Saleforce.com PT Hiked (Investor's Business Daily) Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) awarded over $200 million in cash bonuses to over 900,000 hourly associates in the United States to reward their performances in the second quarter. The move aims at enhancing the store experience for its customers. The retailer indicated the evolved incentive plan was meant to reward associates if their stores met performance criteria beyond the customer service goals. The company indicated that an associate could earn the bonus four times in a year. Wal-Mart's executive vice president of supercenters in the United States, Mike Moore, commented, "Whether it's buying something for their kids, treating themselves or saving for something great, bonus time at Walmart is always a special time for our associates." Related Link: Expected 4% Retail Sales Gain This Holiday Season Is Bad News For Large Retailers Last year, the retailer disclosed $2.7 billion investment on its associates over a two-year period. This included higher wages, training and education. While indicating that the second-quarter bonus is not part of the $2.7 billion investment plan, the company said that over 1.2 million associates got pay increases. The stock traded flat on the day at time of publication. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: cash bonus Mike MooreNews General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Children's Place Rises On Strong Q3 Results; DryShips Shares Tumble 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday Mid-Day Market Update: Western Refining Surges On Acquisition News; Stage Stores Shares Slide Who Reigns Supreme In Big Box Same-Store Sales? The Technical Take: Wal-Mart Lower After Mixed Q3 Report, Lower Guidance View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 CBDS, THCBF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DRYS, GLBS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In Sh... 3 TSO, PLNT: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 DRYS, ESEA: What Is The Baltic Dry Shipping Index An... 5 MBLY, TSLA: Mobileye Could Collapse By Nex... 6 GLBS, EGLE: DryShips Announces O... 7 DSX, TOPS: Dry Bulk Sh... 1 SAP, CRM: Salesforce's Inflection Point: Could It Become The Business Standard? 2 GPS: Headwinds For Gap Outnumber Tailwinds; Citi Downgrades To Sell 3 MTCH, CSCO: Benzinga's Top Initiations 4 SPY, XLF: Pro: Markets Should Take A Step Back 5 USO: Technical Alert: Crude Oil Futures Slightly Higher 6 SPY, INDU: Technical Alert: S&P 500 Index Futu... 7 SAVE, ALK: Citi's Neutral-To-Bullish... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Live Cattle Futures Move Up Sugar Futures Little Lower
Your source for industry news and technology. Subscribe Current Issue Recent Issues Customer Service Advertise News Latest International People Companies Regulatory Training Safety Products Distributors Suppliers Associations Events & Meetings Pests Occasional Invaders Termites Rodents Birds & Wildlife Public Health Pests Stored Product Pests Bed Bugs Cockroaches Ants Flies Stinging Insects Spiders Mosquitoes Business Business Topics Management Customer Service HR Marketing Special Reports Top 100 Issue Operating Cost Survey State of the Market Free Downloads Awards Crown Leadership Technician of the Year Photo Contest Media Podcasts Webinars Video RSS Feed Blogs Research Surveys Classifieds Advertise Media Kit Books/Store Magazine Recent Issues Current Issue Digital Edition App download Media Kit Subscribe Customer Service Advertise PCT Canada QA Magazine Training Subscribe Subscribe to our Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe to PCT Canada Man Claims He Was Bitten by Bed Bugs While on Wal-Mart Scoooter An Arizona man says he was bitten by bed bugs while riding an electric cart at Walmart, ABC 15 Arizona reported. September 21, 2016 Subscribe Bed Bugs PHOENIX, Ariz. — An Arizona man says he was bitten by bed bugs while riding an electric cart at Walmart, ABC 15 Arizona reported. Jose Avalos de Leon and his wife, Lupita Cruz, said they went to a Walmart at 35th Avenue and Bethany Home Road this past weekend. Avalos had an injured leg so he decided to use one of the store's motorized shopping scooters. Avalos got off the scooter to look at the seat and saw tiny brown bugs crawling around in the seat’s crevices.  They looked at another scooter chair and found the same thing.    Walmart released a statement regarding the incident. “The carts have been pulled from public use, and we’re awaiting a team to arrive at the store for testing,” Walmart’s senior manager of corporate communications Charles Crowson  said in the statement. CLICK HERE to read the entire article. Source: ABC 15 Bed Bugs Related Study Proves Bed Bugs Can Induce Potentially Deadly Systemic Reactions in Humans Three N.J. State Building Being Monitored for Bed Bugs Tropical Bed Bug Reappears After 60-Year Absence Most Shared Terminix Responds to Lambeau Field Squirrel Delay Tropical Bed Bug Reappears After 60-Year Absence Study Proves Bed Bugs Can Induce Potentially Deadly Systemic Reactions in Humans Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Pulse Poll Question: Salary of Hourly Pay? Videos & Podcasts PCT, Syngenta Recognize Tom Fortson with the Crown Leadership Lifetime Achievement Award Most Popular Tropical Bed Bug Reappears After 60-Year Absence [Bed Bug Supplement] How Bed Bug Bite Reactions Differ Aging Bed Bug Infestations: How Long Have They Been Here? [Cover Story] Silica Gel: A Better Bed Bug Desiccant Video: PCT, Syngenta Recognize Tom Fortson with Crown Leadership Lifetime Achievement Award Your source for industry news and technology. Subscribe Advertise Contact © 2015 GIE Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
null
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 51° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Turkey detains 76 academics in Istanbul in post-coup probe Updated: 3 mins ago ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey’s state-run news agency says 76 academics have been detained at a university in Istanbul as part of the ongoing inves… Malaysian reform group raided ahead of rally, 2 held Updated: 3 mins ago KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysian police raided the office of electoral reform group Bersih on Friday and detained two officials on th… Woman arrested in twin’s death off cliff fights extradition Updated: 3 mins ago Columbia Gas warns customers of utility schemes Updated: 15 mins ago 38 year-old man killed in Springfield shooting; police looking for suspects Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 51° F Clear Feels Like: 51° F Wind: N 10 Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 6:45 AM Sunset: 4:26 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines Healey angry over Baker’s response to Bannon appointment November 17, 2016 Governor Baker says there is “too much prejudging going on here.” Preview Arrow: Vigilante November 16, 2016 Dolph Lundgren guest stars in a new episode of Arrow, Wednesday at 8PM. The Flash – Killer Frost Trailer November 16, 2016 Premiere and finale dates announce for CW shows in 2017 November 16, 2016 Arrow – Vigilante Scene November 16, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines 3 Middle School Parenting Tips November 17, 2016 Middle school years are a difficult time for both child and parent. Holidays for the hearing impaired November 17, 2016 The holidays can be a tough time for many, especially for the hearing impaired, who have to struggle to make the most of family time. Help out the Zoo in Forest Park November 17, 2016 DIY Thanksgiving dog treats! November 17, 2016 Achieve your dream bathroom with H&R Homes November 17, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 51° F Clear Hi: 62° F Lo: 30° F Shocking shopping cart abuse on camera KPRC's Jake Reiner Published: September 21, 2016, 8:43 am Updated: September 21, 2016, 10:36 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Texas father investigated after dragging girl through Walmart by her hair, angering fellow customers. (KPRC) Police in Cleveland, Texas are investigating after photos of a man gripping his daughter’s hair onto a Walmart shopping cart surfaced on social media. Erika Burch and her husband, Robert Burch, witnessed the incident Monday afternoon at a Cleveland Walmart. Erika Burch said the man was “dragging this little girl by the hair.” She said the little girl was saying, “Please stop. I promise I won’t do it again. Please stop!” She took several photos of the man and the girl, then called police. Read more: http://bit.ly/2cUts5q Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Attempted kidnapping caught on camera? 4-year-old’s friendship with ‘old person’ will make your day 9-year-old in Plainfield was dragged, run over by school bus Little girl dresses as a mom for Halloween and it’s perfect Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 48° F 6 N Wind 39° Dewpoint 71% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:23 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Northampton 48° F 0 NNW Wind 40° Dewpoint 73% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 45° F 0 N Wind 37° Dewpoint 74% Humidity 30.12" Barometer 6:49 am Sunrise 4:27 pm Sunset change location Springfield 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset change location Westfield 47° F 7 N Wind 37° Dewpoint 69% Humidity 30.11" Barometer 6:46 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 51° F 10 N Wind 35° Dewpoint 56% Humidity 30.10" Barometer 6:45 am Sunrise 4:25 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 48° Holyoke 51° MGM Springfield Casino 51° Northampton 48° Pittsfield 45° Springfield 51° Westfield 47° Westover AFB 51° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date September 2016 M T W T F S S « Aug   Oct »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Watch Live: Ryder change-of-plea hearing Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 52-55 We set you thinking Friday 18 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Danish bishop’s 300-year-old poo offers whiff of history 1479480373 World Myanmar's training for non-Muslim police stokes fear in Rakhine 1479477865 Business Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game 1479478009 Business Deutsche Bank looking to cut back U.S. mortgage securitization: sources 1479477805 Business Exclusive: Renault boss sees pay row with French government in election year 1479478742 Business VW to lower investment, R&D costs through 2020 1479479324 Business Abercrombie warns of challenging holiday quarter, shares skid 1479477708 World Some Turkish military officers at NATO seeking asylum: alliance chief 1479478059 World NATO says 'absolutely confident' of Trump leadership in alliance 1479464858 Business Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs at VW brand by 2020 1479465737 World Pacific rim leaders to debate future of trade post-Trump 1479475776 World Aid trucks reach cut-off New Zealand town as quake bill mounts 1479478906 World Aerospace focus of homestay scheme lifts Japanese town 1479478881 World Ferry to boost tourism in Pattaya sets sail soon 1479478573 China&India Forget movie stars — in Hong Kong, tutors are the real celebrities 1479478278 Singapore Good Shepherd Loft nursing home in breach of MOH rules, faces possible closure 1479477480 World U.N. says Aleppo faces 'bleak moment', Syria convoys all blocked 1479476706 World Northern Ireland court refers Brexit challenge to UK Supreme Court 1479476251 World Merkel: Didn't discuss sanctions on Russia over Syria with Obama, EU leaders 1479475261 Business Wall Street closes in on record high 1479476807 World Obama, EU leaders agree to stick together, stay tough on Russia 1479477408 World U.N. investigators in area probing Aleppo convoy attack: Eliasson 1479476706 World More academics, mayors detained as Turkish purges enter fifth month 1479475689 World Philippine dictator Marcos buried at heroes' cemetery amid protests 1479467590 World UK frustratingly unclear about Brexit goals: Scottish minister 1479417298 World Japan's PM Abe meets Trump, says confident can build trust 1479458730 Lifestyle Take a walk in space this weekend 1479477079 Lifestyle 15 things to do with your kids this school holiday 1479476760 Singapore Man jailed, caned for obscene acts with a child 1479476775 Lifestyle Hipster parents, unite this weekend 1479475860 Lifestyle Where hipster parents hang out for great grub 1479474060 World Uganda's Museveni names new top electoral official, critics say he lacks credibility 1479474223 Business Rio Tinto in spotlight as Australia fraud police targets resources industry 1479475559 Business LafargeHolcim's higher payout fails to cheer investors 1479474598 World Iraqi troops expand foothold in Mosul as IS pledges more suicide attacks 1479474737 Business Can Trump make coal great again? At least some companies think so 1479467167 Business Oil set for first weekly gain in five on OPEC deal optimism 1479474716 Business Dollar charges to 14-year high, bond tantrum in full swing 1479474193 Singapore Third fostering agency to be set up next year 1479475279 Singapore High Commission advises S'poreans visiting KL to 'exercise vigilance' during Bersih rally 1479473520 World Scottish lawyers invited to address UK Supreme Court's Brexit hearing 1479472600 World Putin, Obama likely to talk on sidelines of Lima summit: Kremlin 1479472829 World Sri Lanka says 32 'elite' Muslims have joined IS in Syria 1479471049 World Pakistan navy 'pushed' Indian submarine clear of its waters 1479470438 World Swiss set to call EU's bluff on immigration curbs 1479473487 Business OPEC moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer 1479472431 World Several injured in Dutch train, truck crash 1479471405 World No compromise in sight, EU ministers at odds over immigration 1479469930 Business Fed's Bullard says leaning toward supporting December rate hike 1479470290 Business Dollar heads for best fortnight vs. yen since 1988 1479472775 Business Wal-Mart pays quarterly bonuses to more store employees Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:25 PM, September 21, 2016 Updated: 10:50 PM, September 21, 2016 CHICAGO - Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> said it paid more than $201 million in second-quarter bonuses to hourly store staff as 99 percent of its stores met targets for cleanliness, faster checkout and better service. The world's largest retailer said 932,000 store employees received a quarterly cash bonus this year. This was a jump from 880,000 employees in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and 687,000 workers in fiscal 2015. On a per-employee basis, the average bonus comes to about $220. Quarterly bonuses can account for up to 5 percent of a Wal-Mart store employee's total annual income, the retailer said. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the United States. Its 1.5 million workers include store staff, store management and truck drivers. Hourly employees at the company's nearly 4,600 U.S. locations are eligible for quarterly bonuses based on the performance of their store. This increase in bonuses comes after the retailer bucked a string of weak earnings by its rivals and reported a better-than-expected quarterly performance last month. Wal-Mart said it benefited from more efficient U.S. stores and higher employee wages that fostered better customer service. At the same time the retailer is cutting back-office jobs, announcing earlier this month the elimination of about 7,000 positions, mostly in accounting and invoicing at its U.S. stores. It will offer these affected employees consumer-facing positions. Wal-Mart spokesman Kory Lundberg said until two years ago Wal-Mart's internal targets focused more on metrics like higher store sales. However, in the past two years the retailer has pivoted towards a greater emphasis on customer service by bringing more employees to the front of the store from its back rooms. Entry-level wages have also been increased to $10 an hour and $2.7 billion will be invested in employee compensation and training over two years, a move Wal-Mart says has contributed to improved service levels. The retailer also recently launched a new system for scheduling workers at 650 U.S. stores to improve staffing levels during peak shopping times and offer more certainty over hours for employees. Wal-Mart's shares traded up 0.44 percent at $72.29 per share in early trade on Wednesday. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Inside Today World Danish bishop’s 300-year-old poo offers whiff of history Aid trucks reach cut-off New Zealand town as quake bill mounts Aerospace focus of homestay scheme lifts Japanese town Ferry to boost tourism in Pattaya sets sail soon Some Turkish military officers at NATO seeking asylum: alliance chief Business VW to lower investment, R&D costs through 2020 Exclusive: Renault boss sees pay row with French government in election year Exclusive: Glencore seeks $550 million to raise stakes in Kurdish oil game Deutsche Bank looking to cut back U.S. mortgage securitization: sources Abercrombie warns of challenging holiday quarter, shares skid Sports Joseph Schooling is home, as packed week awaits From football’s whipping boys to regional heavyweights NZ surprises by hiring Scotsman as sevens coach Experienced defence the key in Lions’ Suzuki Cup bid Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion 'PLEASE STOP!' Shocking pictures show deadbeat dad dragging his daughter around supermarket by her HAIR as cops open child abuse probe Concerned shoppers Erika and Robert Burch confronted the father over his behaviour in a Walmart store in Texas By MARK HODGE 21st September 2016, 8:18 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments SHOCKING pictures show a father dragging his young daughter around a supermarket by her HAIR – as the child screamed “please stop.” Police are reportedly investigating the alleged child abuse incident after concerned couple Erika and Robert Burch took the pictures and confronted the dad over his behaviour. The little girl, who had her hair tied to the trolley, was reportedly crying saying “Please stop. I promise I won’t do it again. Please stop.” Erika Burch 2 The young child was reportedly crying for the alleged abuse to stop Facebook / Erika Burch 2 The concerned woman who took these astonishing pictures confronted the father The Burch’s confronted the man at the Walmart store in Cleveland, Texas, who told them to mind their own business saying “I grew up just fine.” Erika posted the pictures to Facebook where they have since went viral being shared over 100,000 times. She said that when police arrived they told her the dad “has the right to discipline his children.” RELATED STORIES 'You're a paedo, mate' Dramatic moment vigilante confronts 'child predator' after posing as 14-year-old schoolgirl in texts FOREVER IN THEIR LIVES Heartbroken mum who lost two kids in devastating house fire Photoshops their 'angel' images into poignant family photo Custody battle Who are Brad and Angelina's children? The six kids at the heart of shock divorce split Broken home Angelina Jolie files for divorce from Brad Pitt but who will get custody of their six children? DEAR DEIDRE I'm falling for my irresistible work fling - but am racked with guilt over partner and child at home CUDDLING CATS CAN KILL Hugging and kissing felines can be deadly to children, scientists claim after finding rare bacteria 'I didn't recognise myself': Amy Childs claims all the free cosmetic procedures she was offered ruined her confidence The more the merrier As Mel Gibson reveals he's expecting his NINTH child, we look at some of the biggest celeb broods ‘DON’T GET OUT OF THE CAR’ Nigel Farage wades into Jeremy Corbyn biscuit row as he reveals how he embarrasses his children Speaking with KTRK, she said: “People are telling me I’m wrong for stepping up for this little girl, but you can discipline a child without dragging them by the hair on their head, especially in Walmart.” According to the New York Daily News, authorities are investigating the incident as child endangerment. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   Topics Children Parenting Texas USA Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News CYBER ATTACK Three Mobile hacked by thieves who stole hundreds of phones... putting 9m customers' personal data at risk News A MOTHER'S GUILT Daughter confronts mum who filmed her being raped by her own father 20 years ago when she was 13 News 'Warm, generous and strong' Actress who starred in Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty kills herself in hotel room while on modelling… News 'THE TRUTH WILL OUT' Brit girl arrested 'after being raped' in Dubai says she'll get justice as men accused of attack are… News now for the news on bbc mum BBC presenter gives birth after her waters broke while reading news on live TV - and fellow News WORKED TO DEATH Teacher jumped to her death after 'being given so much work she could only sleep THREE hours a night News sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her DOG while her boyfriend filmed News Exclusive 'I'M DEVASTATED MY DAUGHTERS HAVE SEEN IT' Mum's horror after her children watch Snapchat footage of her being kicked and… News 'WE MUST ESCAPE PLANET EARTH' Stephen Hawking says humanity has less than 1,000 years left until EXTINCTION News Video WORK OF GOD? Mystery as Virgin Mary statue 'cries BLOOD' in bizarre phenomena that’s left churchgoers stunned News Revealed LOVE THY NEIGHBOUR? Britain's friendliest, and least friendly, cities revealed... so where does YOURS rank? News Pictured the lost tribe Remarkable pics show untouched Amazon tribe shaking spears at photographer's plane in first sighting in a year News Video CLOSE ENCOUNTER UFO hurtles past International Space Station in video alien hunters are hailing as proof of extraterrestrial… News Video who needs fireworks? Disney announces new Christmas drone show to light up the skies this winter News 'THE DEVIL' ON TRIAL Shocking case of HIV-infected monster who had sex with 104 women and girls as a 'cleansing ritual' News Most Popular 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living Exclusive HANGOVER: PART ROO Wayne Rooney to be stripped of England captaincy with international career at risk after boozy wedding Football Exclusive Red red Wayne Boozy Wayne Rooney is almost too drunk to stand as he's pictured with two women after gatecrashing wedding… Football WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz CYBER ATTACK Three Mobile hacked by thieves who stole hundreds of phones... putting 9m customers' personal data at risk News 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living A MOTHER'S GUILT Daughter confronts mum who filmed her being raped by her own father 20 years ago when she was 13 News Pictured no BLURRED tan LINES Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she pulls her swimsuit down to her waist TV & Showbiz Pictured REVVED UP ROO Wayne Rooney gives thumbs-up as he arrives for Manchester United training following wedding booze storm Football Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living THE SILENT KILLER Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of the disease - but do YOU know the signs to watch for? Living 'Warm, generous and strong' Actress who starred in Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty kills herself in hotel room while on modelling… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all Previous Next Mysterious post appears on brutally murdered Texas woman's Twitter as it's revealed the man charged in her death stalked his ex-girlfriend and was arrested twice in the days before they met Jacqueline Vandagriff, 24, of Frisco, Texas, was identified after an autopsy Her burning body was found in Acorn Woods Park early on September 14  The next day a mysterious post appeared on her Twitter account Charles Dean Bryant, 30, has been charged with capital murder in the case Bryant was seen leaving a bar with Vandagriff hours before her death Bryant caught on security footage buying a shovel from Walmart at 4.41am It appeared someone tried to dig a whole in the backyard of Bryant's home Vandagriff's cell phone pinged at his house and her purse was found there Bryant was also arrested several times before meeting Vandagriff He was charged with stalking his 18-year-old ex-girlfriend of three months  By Kalhan Rosenblatt For Dailymail.com Published: 02:04 EST, 21 September 2016 | Updated: 02:56 EST, 21 September 2016 e-mail 40 shares 79 View comments One day after a Texas Woman’s University student was found murdered in a park, a tweet mysteriously appeared on her Twitter account. 'Never knew I could feel like this', the tweet posted to Jacqueline Vandagriff's Twitter said on September 15.  Vandagriff had been found dismembered and burned in Acorn Woods Park in Grapevine, Texas, on September 14.  Jacqueline Vandagriff (left) was found burned and dismembered in a Texas park this week. Charles Dean Bryant (right) is charged with her murder A day after her murder, a tweet appeared to Vandagriff's Twitter account, which said: 'Never knew I could feel like this' Authorities responded to a fire in the park at 6.30am where the remains of Vandagriff were found inside a plastic kiddie pool. A witness told police they saw a man standing over the fire before leaving, according to an arrest report. Vandagriff, 24, of Frisco, was identified after an autopsy by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner following the grim discovery. Grapevine police then arrested Charles Dean Bryant, 30, near his house in Haslet on Sunday, about 20 miles from where Vandagriff's body was found.  After officers worked around-the-clock to investigate the case in several cities in north Texas, they arrested Bryant at around 2.30pm on Sunday.  It's not clear if the two knew each other before meeting at a bar, but around 6.45pm on September 13, Vandagriff tweeted: 'I'm glad I decided to get off tinder and walked to a bar.' At 8.20pm, Bryant posted to Facebook saying, 'Just walking in the rain.. emo as f***'. First they are seen in security footage leaving Fry Street Public House (pictured) and later down the road leaving the Shots and Crafts bar together around 11pm Bryant was later spotted in security footage buying a shovel from a Walmart at 4.41am on September 14 Bryant, who CBS News reports as having worked at gay dance club the Urban Cowboy Saloon in Fort Worth, was seen in security footage going to two bars in Denton with Vandagriff. First they are seen in footage leaving Fry Street Public House and later down the road leaving the Shots and Crafts bar together around 11pm. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next EXCLUSIVE: Terror suspect  was arrested for STABBING but a... Soldier gets life term in slaying the mother of his then... Teens 'maced, robbed and stabbed elderly man in a brutal... Ohio serial killer accused of murdering three women now... Share this article Share 40 shares ‘We were able to talk to employees of that bar and they have us a name of a suspect, and we just followed the trail from there,’ Grapevine police Sgt. Robert Eberling said.  Then at 10.56pm, Bryant posts on Facebook again saying: 'Teach you tricks that will blow your mind.' The statement is a lyric from the TV On The Radio song 'Wolf Like Me', which is about sex. According to an arrest warrant, cell phone records show Vandagriff's phone was in the vicinity of Bryant's house around 1am that night, CBS News reported.  Vandagriff's purse was also found in the trash at Bryant's home.  Earlier in the night Vandagriff posted on Twitter that she was glad she got off the dating app Tinder and went to a bar A day after her death, this eerie tweet appeared on Vandagriff's Facebook page. Police are investigating the tweet after they were made aware. The 24-year-old's purse was found in a garbage can at Bryant's house  At 4.41am, Bryant is caught on security footage buying a shovel from a Walmart, according to police.  There was evidence at this home in Haslet that someone had tried to dig a hole in the backyard. Investigators also noticed there was a patch in the backyard, which indicated a kiddie pool had been placed there.  Another kiddie pool, similar to the one Vandagriff was found in, was in the backyard.  Bryant's roommate told police there used to be two kiddie pools - but only one was there when police arrived. Two days after her murder, Bryant posted to Facebook saying: 'Full moon.. lets see what trouble I can get into'. In the time between Vandagriff's death and Bryant's arrest, the 30-year-old visited two parks, one at 6am, writing: 'Early mornings and sleepless nights but she got you feeling alright.' At 11.56pm on the night he allegedly murdered Vandagriff, Bryant posted this status to Facebook Days later, he posted a tweet about the full moon and said 'let's see what trouble I can get into' He also posted once about 'detesting liars' and another time saying: 'Never let anyone else dictate your life, if you're happy and aren't hurting anyone, other people's opinions don't matter be it family, friends, strangers.  'Do what you want, Love who you want, Live your life!!' Bryant had been arrested several times in the days leading up to Vandagriff's death. According to the Dallas Morning News, Bryant's 18-year-old ex-girlfriend - a student at University of North Texas - had broken up with him on August 23. The day after the breakup, Bryant showed up at his ex-grilfriend's dorm. The woman, who he had dated for three months, called the police. Bryant was given a criminal trespass warning on August 25.  Vandagriff's body was found in a kiddie pool similar to one found in Bryant's backyard. Bryant's roommate said there had recently been two kiddie pools in the backyard where there is now only one Just days before he was seen with Vandagriff, Bryant had been arrested several times for allegedly stalking his ex-girlfriend Then, on August 31, He then showed up at the restaurant where his ex-girlfriend worked and asked to be seated in her section. She called the police and they told him to stop contact or he would be arrested. Then on September 6, Bryant showed up on the doorstep of his ex-girlfriend's dorm and said he had something for her.  She called police and he was arrested and charged with criminal trespass and taken to the Denton County Jail. He was released the next day and returned to the dorm where he was arrested again and charged with stalking. He posted bail on September 9.   A witness who saw the fire in this park after Vandagriff's murder said they saw a man standing over it According to his Facebook page, Bryant works at Procore Fitness.  However, Eberling said Bryant had worked at the gay dance club but had been fired on Sunday for not showing up for his shift. The Vandagriff family released a statement thanking the ‘extraordinary efforts’ of the Grapevine police department, FBI and all law enforcement agencies who assisted in the investigation. ‘We would also like to thank our friends, family and the friends of our daughter Jackie for all their support in this difficult time,’ the statement added. Vandagriff was a junior at Texas Woman’s University in Denton. The school’s Vice President for Student Life Monica Mendez-Grant paid tribute to Vandagriff in a statement on the school’s website. ‘The death of a student affects the entire TWU community, and I know that all of us send our deepest sympathy to Jacqueline's family and friends,’ she said. ‘Jacqueline exemplified the spirit of learning and service that is the hallmark of our TWU community. ‘She lived her life with a desire to serve others through her interest in nutrition.’ Bryant is charged with capital murder and is being held on a $1million bond.   Read more: Body Found in Grapevine Park Identified, Police Announce Arrest | NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth Jacqueline Vandagriff case: Tweet made from slain student's account day after her dismembered remains found - CBS News TV ON THE RADIO LYRICS - Wolf Like Me www.dallasnews.c... Share or comment on this article e-mail 40 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Benghazi committee member to lead... National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians 'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying Married substitute teacher's aide, 42, 'had sexual contact including oral sex with two male high school students - and made her husband drive one home after a tryst' Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:59am Sat 19 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Dad allegedly pulls trolley in supermarket with his daughter's hair wrapped around handle 12:08 PM Wednesday Sep 21, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Spotlight United States The young girl allegedly yelled "please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop!" as her father pulled the shopping trolley with her hair around the handle. Photo / Erika Burch / Facebook A father allegedly wrapped his 5-year-old daughter's hair around the handle of a shopping trolley and dragged her through a supermarket. The young child was crying "please stop. I promise I won't do it again. Please stop." The incident at a Walmart in Cleveland, Texas, was captured on camera by alarmed shoppers Erika and Robert Burch and is now being investigated by police as child endangerment. "People are telling me I'm wrong for stepping up for this little girl, but you can discipline a child without dragging them by the hair on their head, especially in WalMart," Erika Burch told KTRK. Erika Burch said in a Facebook post that she and her husband were buying food for their children's school lunches when her husband pointed out that a man was dragging his daughter by the hair on her head, by wrapping it around the shopping trolley. "She is begging him to stop ... 'please stop, I promise I won't do it again, please stop'." She claims she told the father to stop what he was doing with his daughter and he told her to "mind my own business". "I have three little girls of my own," Erika Burch told the Chronicle. "I'll be damned if I'll ever let anybody pull them by the hair of their heads." Erika Burch telephoned the police and an officer who was in the store told her that for there to be any investigation there had to be visible injuries. She published the pictures on her Facebook page in the hope they would alert authorities. Cleveland Police said on its Facebook page that it had received "numerous calls" about a girl being pulled by her hair at Walmart. Cleveland Police Chief Darrel Broussard told the Chronicle that police received a call about the incident about 4:45pm on Monday. The man, whom Broussard did not identify, told police that his three children including the 5-year-old girl, had been disruptive in the store, and that holding her by the hair was his method of disciplining her. - news.com.au Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Wyn Drabble: Xmas shopping made easy Trade Me can help you with your Christmas shopping. No, of course it's not too early… Hawke's Bay Today Hapu boost for Food Hub A sign of the potential of iwi development in Hawke's Bay's economic future has come… Bay of Plenty Times Arena packed for awards night The annual Sports Awards were packed out with glammed up guests, celebrating the sporting… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Speedway ace Michael Pickens talks highs and lows It has been a year of triumph and tragedy for Michael Pickens... Viva Red-carpet winners at the NZ Music Awards From Aaradhna to Bic Runga and Samantha Hayes, these were our favourite fashion looks… Bite Coffee walnut cake To make the cake Heat oven to 160C fan bake. Grease a 22cm cake tin. Place oil, sugar… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 19 Nov 2016 03:59:48 Processing Time: 63ms

null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Opinion » Due Diligence Last Modified: Wed, Sep 21 2016. 03 50 AM IST The end of ‘topi’ investing More old-world companies are waking up, smelling the coffee and investing in the right start-ups in disruptive areas Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Shrija Agrawal Mahindra and Mahindra announced last a wide-ranging strategic partnership with cab-hailing company Ola spanning fleet expansion. Photo: Bloomberg Last week, automobile maker Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd announced a wide-ranging strategic partnership with cab-hailing company Ola spanning fleet expansion, vehicle financing, insurance and sales. A few weeks prior, Tata Motors Ltd had announced a similar partnership with Uber. Now, what do these moves mean? Some of the large corporate entities have not only realized but have also admitted that they are vulnerable to disruption. So it’s better to ride with the tiger than resist and be on the sidelines. Announcing the partnership, Mahindra chairman Anand Mahindra said, “I have recognized a new reality and Mahindra is poised to play a significant role in the new world. We have two categories of people—those who buy vehicles for objects of desire, while others focus on the shared economy. And we will be a part of both. Being one of the largest automobile groups in the world, we are providing Bhavish (Ola CEO Bhavish Aggarwal) and his team an offer they cannot refuse.” “An offer they cannot refuse” holds significance as more such compelling offers will come in the life cycle of these tech start-ups. And it means venture capital investors backing such companies—unicorns, in some cases—are probably poised to make huge returns. (A unicorn is a start-up with a valuation from private investors of $1 billion or more.) This phenomenon is happening across the globe and in sectors where companies are buying into the wave of the future. This is the reason Unilever bought Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion. This is why Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is buying Jet.com for $3 billion. This is why General Motors Corp. bought Cruise for $1 billion, and also why it invested $500 million in Uber’s rival Lyft. Dave McClure of 500 Startups, the leading Silicon Valley-based early-stage investment firm, has an explanation for this. According to him, “This phenomenon of hedging your public company stock by buying potentially disruptive unicorns for only 5-10% of your market cap may be one of the simplest ways to defuse the start-up threat and keep on trucking... this is the Unicorn Hedge.” Venture capital investors would do well backing those companies defining the wave of the future. Except that the past three to four years have been largely driven by “topi (hat) investing”, where an investor has invested in a company—which is now proving to be ridiculously valued—thinking that another investor will buy it again at a higher valuation, eventually leading to a game of passing the hat where everyone now is waiting for the last fool standing who will be the ultimate owner of that hat. Some investors have labelled this phenomenon “topi investing”. Now, when that last fool is nowhere to be seen, venture capital firms are worried about the house of cards that they themselves built. Unilever-Dollar Shave, GM-Lyft, Wal-Mart-Jet and so on point out that there could be potential acquirers in large companies only. The idea is to build something for disruption and not necessarily look at everything from the lens of Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V—such as we are investing in Amazon of India, Zillow of India or Zappos of India, the time for which has come and gone. There have been motivations to build such companies for Nasdaq or NYSE initial public offerings by pumping in huge amounts of money which have attracted investors of all hues. The dot-com bust of 2000 proved that if access to capital becomes too easy and cheap, it is not valued and often contributes to reckless spending and wishful business models that lead to failures. Going forward, there will be huge merit in measuring success primarily driven by standards of tech companies that can go public in India, which are far less forgiving, or can have an Indian base, or are huge brands in this country—as these would likely prove to be disruptors of the incumbents. This is the right time to be investing as the mood is softer—in the right start-ups in disruptive areas. More old-world companies will wake up and smell the coffee and find themselves on the back foot, compensating by paying outsize, sometimes incredulous sums for breakthrough competitors or the new set of unicorns! Shrija Agrawal is Mint’s deals editor. Due Diligence will run every week and cover issues in India’s venture capital, private equity and deals space. Shrija Agrawal Topics: Mahindra and MahindraOlatie-upTata MotorsUber More from this Section Domestic help and the cash Trump, RSS and blissful coexistence Dara Singh: The champion of the world The meal that says ‘chin up!’ The ‘upaj’ on demonetization Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Donald Trump’s firm signs deal for Kolkata real estate project Consequences of the demonetisation shock First Published: Wed, Sep 21 2016. 02 12 AM IST Read more from Livemint India’s no first use policy on nukes ‘ambiguous’: Pakistan Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai, & Tourist, Delhi Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Latest News Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai, & Tourist, Delhi Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Donald Trump selects candidates for CIA, attorney general: transition official Domestic help and the cash Air India to induct two A320 neos in January Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 40° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today A good deal of sunshine. High 74F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 47F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 5:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Close Bakersfield Police Department Suspect vehicle in Walmart burglary.  Suspects wanted in Walmart burglary The Bakersfield Californian jkotowski Sep 20, 2016 0 Bakersfield Police Department Suspect vehicle in Walmart burglary.  Two suspects are wanted in connection with stealing items from the Walmart on Rosedale Highway. Shortly after 10 p.m. Sept. 12, a suspect broke into an enclosed section of the Walmart at 8400 Rosedale Highway and removed items from inside, police said. The suspect then fled with a second suspect in a pickup.  The first suspect is described as male, wearing a white baseball cap, gray shirt and dark shorts, police said. The second suspect is described as male and wearing a dark shirt and jeans.  They left in an older-model single cab pickup, primer gray, with lighter-colored doors.  Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Nicole Shihrer at 326-3861 or the Bakersfield Police Department at 327-7111. jkotowski Follow jkotowski Close Get email notifications on jkotowski daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jkotowski posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jkotowski Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Local Video Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Bakersfield Marathon to close streets down Sunday Fair official fudged auction doc: 'I thought I was helping' LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session Festive first Bakersfield Marathon has late start, quiet finish Valley fever cases spike. Is it the weather? Goh wins Bakersfield mayoral race KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus HOLLY CULHANE: Tread carefully: Prop. 64 creates workplace minefield LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water injection nothing to fear Images Videos Commented LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance (14) How do we convince anti-oil activists our water is safe? (7) KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session (6) KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus (6) LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water injection nothing to fear (6) Community Voices: KHSD board is dead wrong about guns on campus (5) Community Voices: Bakersfield is drowning in debt (5) Why Lyle Martin should be our next BPD chief (4) Before gun vote, KHSD receives flood of concern from teachers (4) Kern County Counsel Theresa Goldner resigns abruptly (4) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribe to Kane County Chronicle 61°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports Finance Face Time Corrections Get App Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Get App Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Photos Photo Lists Photo Store Share Photos Galleries Archive Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Photos Video Planit Text Alerts Newsletter Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified St. Charles Geneva Batavia Elburn Sugar Grove Batavia police reports Published: Tuesday, Sept. 20, 2016 5:14 p.m. CST • Updated: Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2016 7:01 p.m. CST • Sara J. Boline, 34, of the 100 block of College Street in Elgin, was charged Sept. 6 with retail theft of less than $100 from Wal-Mart, 801 North Randall Road, Batavia. • Elizabeth R. Belsito, 48, of the 0-100 block of Raven Drive in Aurora, was charged Sept. 7 with retail theft from Kohl's, 251 North Randall Road, Batavia. • A suspicious vehicle was reported Sept. 7 in the 1300 block of Brandywine Circle, Batavia. • Sam Souri, 54, of the 1200 block of Miramar Street in Cape Coral, Florida, was charged Sept. 8 with shoplifting from Kohl's, 251 North Randall Road, Batavia. • Theft of less than $500 in cash was reported Sept. 9 in the 200 block of Webster Street, Batavia. • Damage to a mailbox valued at $800 was reported Sept. 9 in the 800 block of Lusted Lane, Batavia. • Edgar J. Perez, 36, of the 0-100 block of North Spencer Street in Aurora, was arrested on Kirk Road in Batavia on Sept. 9 for driving with a blood alcohol content greater than 0.08 percent, driving with a suspended license, driving without insurance and illegal transportation of alcohol. • Someone fraudulently attempted to open two credit cards in the name of a resident in the 200 block of North Lincoln Street, Batavia, according to a Sept. 9 police report. • Criminal damage to property was reported Sept. 10 in the 200 block of Mill Street, Batavia. A police report stated that someone tore a gutter off the side of the house, damaging a downspout. It occurred overnight, and repair costs were unspecified, the report stated. • Anita Bueno, 60, of the 700 block of Superior Street in Aurora, was charged Sept. 10 with retail theft of less than $300 from a business in the 200 block of North Randall Road, Batavia. • The theft of computer electronics valued at $8,000 was reported Sept. 12 in the 1000 block of Hubbard Avenue, Batavia. • A pair of sunglasses valued at $100 was reported stolen Sept. 12 from a vehicle in the 1700 block of Fox Trail Drive, Batavia. A police report stated that the theft occurred overnight and there was no damage to the vehicle. • Credit cards and a driver's license were reported stolen Sept. 12 from a vehicle in the 1000 block of Carr Court, Batavia. A police report stated that a credit card was used to purchase items totaling $154. • Apparel valued at $95 was reported stolen Sept. 12 from a store in the 200 block of North Randall Road, Batavia. • A fraudulent account reportedly was opened in the name of a resident in the 1200 block of Schiedler Drive, Batavia, according to a Sept. 13 police report. • Zikeda M. Blakely, 35, of the 1200 block of Nantucket Road in Aurora, was charged Sept. 13 with retail theft from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Theft was reported Sept. 13 in the 800 block of Ravinia Court, Batavia. • Auto batteries valued at $150 were reported stolen Sept. 13 from Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, Batavia. • Bedding and sheet sets were reported stolen Sept. 13 from Wal-Mart, 801 North Randall Road, Batavia. A police report stated the bag of items reportedly was set down and recovered by the store. • Repeated scam IRS phone calls were reported Sept. 13 in the 1100 block of Pine Street, Batavia. • The theft of a memory card and battery from a cellphone was reported Sept. 13 in the 100 block of West Wilson Street, Batavia. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page Related Links Adopt A Family project in Batavia underscores residents' generosity Batavia Mayor Schielke talks turkey at annual chamber breakfast Batavia library trustee nomination packets available Batavia Mothers’ Club Foundation tops $15,000 at charity craft show Batavia police reports Batavia plans conversation on adolescent mental health Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Kane County Chronicle. More News ​Kane County set to implement new case management system NEW: Nov. 18, 2016 - 9:09 am Adopt A Family project in Batavia underscores residents' generosityNov. 17, 2016 - 11:40 pm Kane County Cougars, Northwestern Medicine announce naming rights agreementNov. 17, 2016 - 2:26 pm Batavia Mayor Schielke talks turkey at annual chamber breakfastNov. 17, 2016 - 11:43 am Batavia library trustee nomination packets availableNov. 17, 2016 - 6:05 pm St. Charles East, McDonald’s support Conlon familyNov. 16, 2016 - 12:35 pm About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2016 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
null
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Opinion Scold, Scare, Insult, Intimidate: Clinton’s Millennial Outreach Flops Young people don't love being ignored, mocked, and lied to By Michael Sainato • 09/20/16 2:30pm Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton holds an audience member’s baby after discussing her new book, ‘Hard Choices: A Memoir,’ at the Lisner Auditorium on the campus of George Washington University June 13, 2014. Photo: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images On the afternoon of September 19, Hillary Clinton gave a speech at Temple University in Philadelphia. This millennial-centered speech will be her only campaign appearance until the first presidential debate on September 26. Much like every other interaction with young people during her 2016 presidential campaign, it bombed miserably. In the scripted speech, she managed to say the phrase “income inequality” only once. Clinton also managed to avoid addressing the question of third party candidates, who many millennials support over her. Her best selling point as a presidential candidate remains that she isn’t Donald Trump. To further bolster her youth-cred, Clinton spoke about her decision to work for the Children’s Defense Fund instead of a big law firm, but in reality Clinton did not stay there long. According to Kathleen Geier in an essay featured in “False Choices: The Faux Feminism of Hillary Rodham Clinton”, Clinton left the Children’s Defense Fund less than a year later to work for Rose Law Firm, which boasted wealthy clientele such as Wal-Mart and Monsanto. “Though her campaign biography plays up the pro bono work she performed at Rose, the vast majority of her working hours were dedicated to her corporate clients,” writes Geier. Clinton even had the audacity to call herself an “activist” as first lady, after she served on the board of Wal-Mart for six years prior to Bill Clinton assuming office. The enthusiasm for Clinton’s Temple University speech was lethargic at best, perhaps because like every other time Clinton has spoken directly to millennials, she addresses them as children instead of people who can think for themselves. At the April 2007 convention of New York State Union of Teachers, Clinton revealed what she really thinks of young people. “I believe it is time we get back to teaching discipline, self-control, patience, punctuality,” she said. “The biggest complaint that I hear from employers is that young people who show up for jobs don’t have those habits. They don’t get there on time. They don’t know how to conduct themselves appropriately.” During the Democratic primaries, Clinton responded to millennials supporting Sen. Bernie Sanders (more than her and Trump) with a combination of condescension and frustration. At a January presidential forum in Iowa, Clinton fielded a question from a millennial who asked why people his age think she is dishonest. She responded that it’s a symptom of their cluelessness, as they are paying attention to politics for the first time. In February, Clinton was confronted by a young black protester at a $500-a-plate fundraiser over her lack of apology for supporting mass incarceration and using the racist term “super-predator” in the 1990s. She responded by angrily changing the subject, and declined to apologize. While campaigning in Minnesota in March, Clinton responded to a young black woman complaining about the lack of diversity in the Democratic Party with a lazy, dismissive, “Why don’t you go run for something?” During an April Meet the Press interview, Clinton condescendingly told MSNBC’s Chuck Todd that she feels sorry for young people who believe the lies Sanders tells about her. She specifically denied claims made by Greenpeace that she took donations from the fossil fuel industry. However, an investigative report by David Sirota of International Business Times found Clinton accepted millions of dollars in campaign and Clinton Foundation donations from oil companies just a year before she approved the controversial Alberta-Clipper oil pipeline. One of Clinton’s top campaign contributors, Donald Sussman, founder and chairman of the hedge fund Paloma Partners, has invested in several oil companies. Millennials believed the “lies” Sanders told about Clinton because they were true. Millennials don’t trust Clinton because she has repeatedly said one thing, and overtly done another. She claims to support campaign finance reform, yet has courted billionaires and millionaires from both political parties and managed to match Sanders in campaign contributions only through the use of SuperPACs. According to Vice News, through the end of July, Clinton has raised over $200 million from the top one percent of wealthiest Americans. After the Democratic National Convention, Clinton abandoned anything to do with Sanders’ policies, instead focusing on cultivating support from establishment Republicans, and billionaires including Warren Buffett and Mark Cuban. Now that her support has dropped in the polls following an embarrassing FBI report and Clinton Foundation pay-to-play schemes being exposed in emails, Clinton has resorted to pandering to millennials again. Too bad only 31 percent of them express support for her in recent polls, which is just a few points higher than for Trump. More than one third of millennials are expected to vote for either Green Party candidate Jill Stein or Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson. Clinton uses Sanders as a lifeline when she becomes desperate for young voters. The Vermont senator’s recent call for millennials not to vote for a third party received more positive news coverage in the mainstream media than Sanders got throughout his entire presidential campaign. But millennials realize that Sanders’ rhetoric is relatively insincere, and is part of a broader pandering project from the Clinton campaign to gain their support. Clinton’s contemptuous attitude about millennials, and their responding disinterest in her presidency, has provoked annoyance from her supporters in the media. Mother Jones editor in chief Clara Jeffery responded to recent polls with “I never hated millennials more.” Meanwhile Mother Jones writer Kevin Drum, in a poor attempt at damage control, wrote that resentment should instead be directed toward Sanders for his primary digs at Clinton. Somehow, nothing Hillary Clinton and her campaign did to alienate millennials could ever be her fault. There’s got to be some other reason for the widespread dislike American voters have for her candidacy. Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Star Weekend Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business 12:00 AM, September 21, 2016 / LAST MODIFIED: 12:00 AM, September 21, 2016 Garment exports to India on the rise 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Refayet Ullah Mirdha Garment exports to India rose 30.86 percent year-on-year to $136.43 million in fiscal 2015-16 thanks to rising demand from Western brands operating in the neighbouring country. Of the total earnings, woven items brought in $102.18 million and knitwear $34.26 million, according to Export Promotion Bureau of Bangladesh. Although Bangladeshi goods enjoy duty-free benefit in the Indian market, garment exports to India did not rise much due to the imposition of 12.5 percent countervailing duty on apparel items from Bangladesh. Bangladeshi garment exporters also face provincial taxes and non-tariff barriers in India, which has an apparel market worth nearly $40 billion. Though India in 2011 allowed duty-free benefit to almost all Bangladeshi goods except 25 alcoholic and beverage items, it imposed the countervailing duty on apparel, Bangladesh's main export item, the following year. However, garment exports to India have been showing signs of pickup from last year when many Western clothing retailers started operating in that market. US retail giant Walmart and Swedish retailer H&M opened a good few stores in India in the last few years. Walmart India owns and operates 21 Best Price Modern Wholesale stores in nine states across India and plans to open another 50 by 2020, according to its website. H&M said it would double the number of its stores in India by the yearend from six now. “It is a big advantage for us that the foreign retailers are operating in India. Our garment exports to the Indian market will increase further in near future due to the presence of such retail giants in India,” said MA Jabbar, managing director of DBL Group, a leading garment exporter. Foreign retailers buy a lot of garment items from Bangladesh for Indian customers, especially for the rising middle class, he said. Bangladeshi garment items are popular in India because of low prices and better quality, Jabbar added. “We are performing very well in knitwear export to India because of the varieties of this product,” he said. Similar is the view of Faruque Hassan, vice-president of Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association, the garment makers' platform. Garment exports to India have been rising mainly from last year thanks to the Western retail giants operating in India, he said. Many Indian companies that have retail chains in India tied up with the foreign retailers to grab the market, he said. “We are far ahead of India in knitwear. This is an advantage for us,” he said. Hassan said garment makers are also inspired by the stimulus package the government has offered to them for exporting to new destinations like India, Japan and China. Except the US, the EU and Canada, all other markets are considered as new destinations. The government has been paying cash incentives to garment makers, who export to the new destinations, at 3 percent of the export value since 2009. In fiscal 2015-16, Bangladesh exported goods worth $689.82 million to India, which is 30.82 percent higher than the previous year. The amounts were $527.16 million in 2014-15 and $456.63 million in 2013-14. Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business Bangladesh cricket bans Sabbir's raunchy ad AL council: Roads to avoid tomorrow The top 10 universities in Asia Private university lecturer’s body found hanging 13.5% pass DU 'Ka' unit admission test Internet may be disrupted for 7 days The saga of an Armenian family of Old Dhaka 'Among my top five Tests' A guide through Dhaka roads for today First Blonde Tiger Booming Bangladesh New B2B service on the block Bangladesh’s growth 7.11pc riding on industries Bangladeshi firms bag $3m in export orders from Paris fair Restaurant owners urge govt to stop eviction Shrimp exports bounce back Citycell switched off Economic growth surges more than estimated Bangladesh holds potential to be Asia's manufacturing hub FDI rises 9.27pc 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More More from Business Uber sees flying commuters in 10 years Twitter beats estimates, cuts jobs with eye on 2017 profitability Sri Lanka to sell white elephants to cut $1b in debt Tata shares fall on ex-chief's $18b write-down claim Gulf ministers to finalise VAT deal In case you missed it Who cares about Sundarbans? Girls break a social barrier Not merely a forest but life DISASTER written on the wall Don't we have the right to call for justice? Multimedia you may like England tour of Bangladesh, 3rd ODI Sports in Pictures Floating schools gear up education for underprivileged ‘Chalanbeel’ kids Opening ceremony Attack during Sholakia Eid prayers Around The World facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2016 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Top
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion Rachel Roy Unveils Swim Lines Net-a-porter Launches Jacquemus Capsule Collection Invista Fibers Unit Said on Selling Block Surfer Kelly Slater Joins Kering's Effort to Stop Violence Against Women Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Gigi and Bella Hadid Lead Charge of Influencer Marketing Store Openings Help Fuel Jimmy Choo's Growth in Half Céline Adds Senior Executive for Accessories Abercrombie & Fitch Shares Fall on Missed Q3 Earnings Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Melanie Dir Launches Perfume Line Gamine Frank Body Hits U.S. Retail Scene, Enters Urban Outfitters Bold Colors Dominated Spring Runway Beauty Looks Clarins to Introduce Fifth Generation Hydration Line, Seventh Generation Body Fit Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Five Four to Enter Men’s Athletic Fray, Grooming Steve Aoki Launches Dim Mak Collection In the U.S. Esquire Teams With Macy’s on Men’s Jewelry Collection Pitti Uomo to Open in Uncertain Economic Scenario Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 Diesel Black Gold Pre-Fall 2017 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Swarovski Forum Details China's Growth Cities, Multibrand Potential Casadei Opens Largest Flagship in London's Mayfair Amélie Pichard Will Forgo Seasonal Collections to Foster Creativity, Commerce Accessories Hit List: Bags and Shoes Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Stylemakers 2016: Warren Beatty, Lily Collins and Albert Wolsky Discuss "Rules Don't Apply" Getting to Know Spring's Top Runway Models Loewe Unleashes Trio of Parties to Fete Madrid Flagship Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Fashion Koch Said Nearing Sale of Invista Fibers Unit Koch Industries is said to be considering a sale of its Invista fibers unit, 12 years after buying it from Dupont for $4.4 billion. clock 11h • Arthur Friedman Fashion Loewe Opens Madrid Flagship, With All the Trimmings An exhibition, book and calendar also trumpet the brand’s new look, made over the last three years by creative director Jonathan Anderson. clock 18h • Miles Socha Business Coach Unveils 20,000-square-foot House on Fifth Avenue The brand this year moved to new headquarters and now to a vast new retail space. clock November 17, 2016 • Sharon Edelson SAP on Multigenerational Retail Marketing, Consumer Engagement Lori Mitchell-Keller takes a deep look at how retailers can mine success during unsteady times. By Elizabeth Doupnik on September 20, 2016 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk It’s tough out there for retailers and fashion apparel brands. Between finicky consumers, fleeting social media trends and a race to dominate online sales, retailers are in a place of transition and reinvention. Last week speakers at the 2016 SAP Retail Forum held in Miami, Fla. addressed these challenges and proposed points of advice for mastering the swelling learning curve of the “Internet of Things” and understanding the complexities of the Millennial consumer. Here, SAP general manager of consumer industries Lori Mitchell-Keller explains how retailers can delight consumers with comprehensive online and in-store experiences, how to reach shoppers of all demographics and how to successfully launch a new customer engagement strategy. WWD: How can retailers approach shoppers from different demographics and still send a consistent message that is true to brand integrity? Lori Mitchell-Keller: The interesting thing within retail is that we have so many generations that we’re trying to cater to: we have the grand generation that’s probably going to be shopping in your store and won’t have as high expectations as some of the younger generations. Certainly the Millennial that we talk about all the time are the biggest shoppers, they will have the most expendable income. Millennials are still shopping [in store] — they’re not just shopping online, they’re not just sharing information via Facebook and Twitter, or Snapchat. They actually are continuing to talk, and they do like the shopping experience. In the last two years we’ve figured out that physical stores are a huge asset à la Amazon opening up pop-up shops. They’re a huge asset in brand affinity and understanding your customer. The advantage about physical stores is that you have the opportunity to share an experience with the customer. This concept of getting to know your customers started more in the luxury area a few years ago and certainly our clients like Burberry are more into the space, but that’s not necessarily what you have to do to have that experience. The other thing we’ve been talking about with experiential retail is all about the service and the culture. The service, the culture, the experience, the getting-to-know-you, none of that can solely be done in the digital world — maybe as we get more into virtual reality — but today what I’m advising retailers is that you have to use simple processes. You have to use digital to make your operations more efficient and make your supply chain more real-time. You need to make your ability to respond to trends or unanticipated demands more real-time; you need to have capabilities to sense that information, and then decide what you want to do about it quickly and then act. So you do need a lot of digital technology, but that does not take the place of engaging with the customer in the store. It’s what she’s doing in the story and marry that [with digital]. At the minimum you need to ensure that the store experience is the brand that you want the consumer to understand. WWD: How can retailers capitalize on both the showroom trend to highlight new product and still offer experiential shopping experiences? L.M.K.: I do feel that there’s been this fear of bricks-and-mortar stores that they’ll become showrooms for the products and [the consumers] don’t actually buy. I think there is some “showrooming” going on, but I think that the best retailers are using that showrooming to their advantage. Take Wal-Mart, for example. They have two interesting apps: one that guarantees if you buy something in store and then you see it online for a cheaper price, you just scan the bar code on your receipt and you get the difference in price the next time you go in store. The other app searches online for [the customer] instead of you searching online for this particular item at a different store versus what’s sold at Wal-Mart and they’ll automatically reduce their price for you. I think there are opportunities for bricks-and-mortar to merge showrooming concepts or activities into actual experiences that the customer is so surprised and delighted by, she’ll buy the item. For items that are only offered online or in store, there’s an opportunity for customer engagement to the extent that they’re helping the consumer: I only have [this product] in store, here is the nearest store, and here’s the level of inventory at that store, so I know if I want to trek 20 miles to buy this product. That is such a rich experience that the consumer is finding that, “Wow this store is really interested in getting me this product.” The whole synergy between bricks-and-mortar and e-commerce is coming full circle. We thought it was a detriment and now it’s an advantage. We thought [the answer] was showrooming and now we can actually change that into an experience if we have the right technology. We’re reaching out to the customers appropriately so we can make that experience such a positive one that the loyalty and the brand desire becomes even higher with the customer, because they like the way they were treated. WWD: What advice would you give to retailers who find themselves behind the curve of consumer engagement? L.M.K.: When I talk to retailers about technology there’s multiple levels of technology to utilize: There’s the differentiation [digital] capabilities that hold your planning solutions for your supply chain — the things that the customer never sees unless you’re out of stock and then the customer sees that the system broke down. Then there’s this whole level of customer experience and engagement that you might want to deploy, but I think that it’s really hard to change your customer experience or engagement if you haven’t changed the processes that support customer engagement. At the end of the day, if you haven’t simplified and streamlined the processes that support that customer engagement, you’re not really going to change the customer engagement. I think the best advice for retailers who are not yet in the fray and are trying to figure out what they’re doing is to have a conversation about what you want the customer engagement process to be. How do you want the customer to experience the brand when they walk into the store? How do you want them to work with you online? Then after you figure out what your goal is, don’t focus on implementing that goal, focus on what are the things that are supporting that goal that need to be streamlined, simplified, or fixed first to reach the goal. Otherwise your customer will get an experience exactly the opposite of what you want. You’ll put the customer engagement goal into place, but it’s not going to be met because your employees haven’t been supported with the right information, the supply chain isn’t set up to respond to unique promotions. For instance, [the retailer] gives a set of customers a coupon so they go in store or online and the store is out of stock. A better process is to set the expectation internally and then figure out what you need to do, pilot that in a few stores and then figure out what’s working and what’s not working. Fix the kinks then begin to roll it out. WWD: Is virtual reality the next phase that retailers need to consider for their stores? What technology is most exciting to you? L.M.K.: I think that augmented reality is definitely on the rise and it is a trend that we will see more of. I think there are other areas in IoT that are interesting: sensors and wearables are making huge growth opportunities in all different industries, not just consumer products. Under Armour is doing it using its app and marrying it with purchases — they’re integrating purchases with lifestyle information and becoming more of a technology company. I think there are things in IoT in general — dash buttons, sensors, wearables — that we’re going to continue to see. I think we’re just beginning to see snippets of augmented reality. There are entrepreneurs building virtual reality malls. They set up where you want the stores in the mall and then [the customer is] in the store and you’re actually browsing [in store], and from the virtual reality device you can order the product directly from the store. I do think that given the pace at which we’re all going and dissatisfaction with a flat digital experience with online retailers that more of this virtual reality capabilities will become much more interesting to us than they are today. I don’t think the older generations are immune to it. I certainly think that the younger generations will pick it up quickly. WWD: As Millennials age and become the main demographic in the workforce, how do you think this will change professional dynamics? L.M.K.: There’s this stereotype that [Millennials] are more entitled. I don’t see that they’re much more demanding. I do see a realization that they can have a bigger effect on how their life is lived from flexible work weeks, smaller work weeks, how they actually go about engaging with an employer. My daughter who belongs to Generation Z is the first demographic that sees females in executive roles making changes; they might be the first generation that sees a female president. Both Millennials and Gen Z see how they can influence the way their lives are lived — [which is] so different than those who are older, who had a set expectation: “I’m going to work and follow the rules.” They’re not as much rule-breakers as they are rule-makers. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. e-commerce Millennials retail Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Mexican Fashion Industry Vows to Fight Trump’s NAFTA Plans clock November 17, 2016 • Ivan Castano Latest Galleries Emma Stone, Nina Dobrev, Warren Beatty, Jenna Dewan Tatum and Zuhair Murad Shine at Stylemakers 2016 Bottega Veneta Pre-Fall 2017 They Are Wearing: Alexander Wang Sample Sale FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd @golden_barbie is taking over our Snapchat at @WWD today to bring you live updates from the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. Tune in at 10:30 a.m. PST. #StyleMakers2016 @wwd The Costume Institute's new exhibition is finally here. "Masterworks: Unpacking Fashion" reminds visitors of the evolution of fashion by spelling out how highly-technical pieces have changed the course of fashion from the early 18th century to today. @wwd Donatella Versace just opened @versace_official's second hotel in the world, Palazzo Versace Dubai. See how the designer celebrated at WWD.com. @wwd @traceeellisross is this week's cover star. The actress from the hit series @blackishabc forges her own chic path and is being honored as this year's Style Innovator at the @variety & WWD StyleMakers Awards. (📷: @rainmac) @wwd The @alexanderwangny sample sale in SoHo brought out all the best street style looks. Check out WWD.com to see them all and get the full scoop on the brand's first sample sale in two years. (📷: @lifeinreverie) @wwd From @vanessaseward to @driesvannoten, bright swaths of color on the eyes were omnipresent at fashion's spring shows. (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd @amberfillerup reveals the secret to getting her full, long hair. Click link in bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Will Ragozzino) @wwd "It's not the technique that makes the difference in fashion, but the care and passion. Talent is conceptual, but if there is no passion or sharing a project, you lose the poetry." - @maisonvalentino's creative director Pierpaolo Piccioli (📷: Simone Lezzi) @wwd Exclusive behind-the-scenes look at @victoriassecret Angel @josephineskriver's fitting for the VS Fashion Show. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd ICYMI: From @dior opening its first makeup boutique in NYC to @lordandtaylor unveiling its holiday windows, here are all the major highlights from this week. (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd See all the hottest sneaker trends from Sneaker Con NYC. 👟 (🎥: @leahjubara) @wwd The Life Aquatic: Designers showered their spring collections with all manner of maritime references, making for a refreshing season. (📷: @eds1ngleton) @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. More From Our Brands Footwear News See All the Glitzy Looks Jennifer Lopez Wore to the Latin Grammy Awards 4h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 5d Ago Variety Kanye West: If I Had Voted, I Would Have Voted for Donald Trump 5h Ago BGR Amazon Prime members get secret deals all weekend long thanks to Alexa 5h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
null
null
Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Spring 2017 Ready-to-Wear Fall 2016 Couture Spring 2017 Menswear Resort 2017 Fall 2016 Ready-to-Wear Videos SUBSCRIBE 6 issues for $6 Give A Gift Renew International Most Shared 1 10 Ways to Wear Safety Pins Post-Election and Show Your Support 2 Yung Lean and Sad Boys Swap Their AF1s for Spider Eytys of Their Own Design 3 Joe and Jill Biden’s Love Story Will Pull at Your Heartstrings Living > Food The Single Girl’s Guide to Dining Alone: Where to Eat, What to Do, What to Wear September 20, 2016 12:06 pm by Chelsea Zalopany email Expand Photographed by Norman Jean Roy, Vogue, December 2011 Here’s the scenario: You’re enjoying early evening drinks with an old friend, and as the clock creeps closer to 8:00 p.m., you propose rolling cocktails into supper. But your friend can’t continue on—she’s got a date with her boyfriend. So, you call in the troops, i.e., your closest compadres, via scads of soliciting text messages. “Dinner plans?!!!” Received, read, and replied: “Ah sorry, still at the office,” and “Heading on that date with new guy. Eek, wish me luck!” If you’re wholly committed to a night on the town, all is not lost, despite the unsettling pangs of unease at the prospect of an evening solo. Resist the urge to give in to the comforts of Chinese takeout and HBO Go. No, not even a splurge-y delivery supper via Postmates could stave off this social disposition. So, the question is: fine-dine alone, or not? “I’m all for eating out on my own,” says Vogue.com Associate Market Editor Anny Choi. “I have no shame walking into a restaurant, sitting at a table (never a bar seat), and ordering a full meal for myself with a glass of wine. But I can’t fathom a ticket for one at the cinema.” On the other hand, Vogue.com Market Assistant Elizabeth Taufield admits, “I don’t love the idea of having lunch or dinner out alone.” Taufield even likes to seize the opportunity for a moment by herself before joining up with friends. “Whenever I’m in London, I find myself making a trip to the Claridge’s hotel bar for a drink alone before I head off to meet friends for dinner.” There’s no right or wrong way to reserve a table for one. “You never know who you’ll meet or where you’ll wind up,” says Edward Barsamian, Vogue.com’s Style Editor. “Lest we forget Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray in Lost in Translation.” Thinking about grabbing a table for one? Here’s where to dine, what to bring, and what to wear. 1 / 5 Expand __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ See more photos of: Read Caption email __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ Vogue may earn compensation on these sales through affiliate programs. See more photos of: Expand Anny Choi, Associate Market Editor The Restaurant: Fig and Olive Why: Its Meatpacking District location lends itself to great people-watching and a fun atmosphere. What to Pack: Nothing! You’re there to eat. What to Wear: Either cropped or flared jeans with a cute little top. And always a small bag. Zoey Reva Aria top, price upon request, for information: zoeyreva.com; Sonia Rykiel high waist flared pants, $460, for information: soniarykiel.com; Simon Miller bonsai bucket bag, $360, barneys.com; Balenciaga studded leather Derby flat in black, price upon request, neimanmarcus.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of zoeyreva.com; Courtesy of Sonia Rykiel; Courtesy of neimanmarcus.com; Courtesy of Barneys See more photos of: Expand Brooke Danielson, Accessories Editor The Restaurant: Morandi Why: The food is always good and the martini is on point. I do a Ketel One gimlet or a great glass of Cabernet. It’s my single-girl spot because the climate is lively and usually makes me feel like I’m “having a night out” even though I’m on my own. What to Pack: A book and the latest copy of The New Yorker. What to Wear: A light cashmere sweater in gray paired with vintage Levi’s 501 jeans and my new Gucci loafers. Organic by John Patrick cropped pullover, $285, organicbyjohnpatrick.com; Moorea Seal hardwood cap, $40, mooreaseal.com; Mr. Fox paperback, $10, walmart.com; Levi’s Made & Crafted silver skinny in rinse selvedge, $198, for information: levi.com; Misa Los Angeles Marrakesh bag long handle Escape bag, $145, misalosangeles.com; Gucci for net-a-porter.com horsebit detailed floral print canvas slippers, $695, net-a-porter.com; American Trench shiprock stripe socks, $30, for information: americantrench.com; The New Yorker May 4, 2016, price upon request newyorker.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of organicbyjohnpatrick.com; Courtesy of mooreaseal.com; Courtesy of walmart.com; Courtesy of levi.com; Courtesy of misalosangeles.com; Courtesy of net-a-porter.com; Courtesy of newyorker.com See more photos of: Expand Edward Barsamian, Style Editor The Restaurant: Balthazar for breakfast and Le Coucou for dinner Why: At Balthazar, I go for their extra-dry skim cappuccino and toast topped with a hard-boiled egg. At Le Coucou, you’ll want to order a dirty vodka martini and fried quail. What to Pack: A book, work, a notebook, and a pen. What to Wear: A casual Rick Owens T-shirt and skinny jeans. Alyson Eastman black diamond leather jacket, $1,195, for information: alysoneastman.com; Prada wool logo baseball cap in black, $320, neimanmarcus.com; Nudie Jeans worker pocket tee in light blue, $59, for information: nudiejeans.com; Smead file folders 1/3 cut top tab 100 box, $17, walmart.com; The Green Road by Anne Enright, price upon request, goodreads.com; DesignWorks Ink marble journal with gold foil, $7, target.com; Orling and Wu CDT chrome ball point pen, $45, orlingandwu.com; Tractr high waist skinny jean in black, $88, for information: tractrjeans.com; Erika Cavallini knitted socks, $46, farfetch.com; Rick Owens leather high-top sneakers, $1,339, stylebop.com; I.AM+ EPS Bluetooth wireless headphones, $230, farfetch.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of alysoneastman.com; Courtesy of neimanmarcus.com; Courtesy of nudiejeans.com; Courtesy of walmarts.com; Courtesy of orlingandwu.com; Courtesy of target.com; Courtesy of goodreads.com; Courtesy of tractrjeans.com; Courtesy of stylebop.com; Courtesy of farfetch.com; Courtesy of farfetch.com See more photos of: Expand Elizabeth Taufield, Market Assistant The Restaurant: Via Quadronno Why: There is no cell service in the back of the restaurant and it’s a great way to disconnect and have a moment alone to yourself. Sip on a frothy cappuccino, and order a bowl of berries—they’re so fresh. What to Pack: The New York Times and a book. Attico Anjelica velvet short dressing gown, $750, modaoperandi.com; Wendy Yue 18k art deco earrings, price upon request, For information: wendyyue.com; One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, $10, amazon.com; Smythson crocodile travel wallet, $358, therealreal.com; The Row Market small leather-trimmed suede tote, $1,890, net-a-porter.com; Francesca Russo patent leather kitten-heel pumps, $795, mytheresa.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of modaoperndi.com; Courtesy of wendyyue.com; Courtesy of amazon.com; Courtesy of therealreal.com; Courtesy of net-a-porter.com; Courtesy of mytheresa.com See more photos of: Expand Matilde Wergeland, Photo Researcher The Restaurant: Zio Ristorante Why: The food is amazing, and the owners and people working there feel like family, and if I’m eating alone, I like to go to places that feel a bit extra welcoming. Try the Verde salad and a Melanzane (baked eggplant with smoked mozzarella, tomato sauce, and arugula) accompanied by a Bellini. What to Pack: I like to write lists and plan upcoming projects, trips, and events. My Louis Vuitton agenda is essential, as are a few good notebooks (like the Smythson “Make It Happen” and “Don’t Forget” logo Panama ones). LPA top 34, $248, for information: revolve.com; Sloane Stationary ‘don’t forget’ pocket notebook, $20, sloanestationary.com; Louis Vuitton large ring agenda cover, $775, us.louisvuitton.com; DSTLD women’s ripped mid rise skinny boyfriend jeans in medium vintage, $95, dstld.com; Smythson ‘make it happen’ pocket notebook, $75, smythson.com; Armpad gold fibre wirebound legal pad, $5, target.com;Aska Collection Gasteau boots, $325, askacollection.com; Dixon woodcase black barrel pencil, $6, target.com Photo: (Clockwise from top left) Courtesy of revolve.com; Courtesy of target.com; Courtesy of Louis Vuitton; Courtesy of dstld.com; Courtesy of sloanstationary.com; Courtesy of askacollection.com; Courtesy of target.com; Courtesy of smythson.com See more photos of:   Subscribe now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe In This Story: Single Restaurants Share Tweet Add a Comment Tweet Subscribe Now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe Recommended For You __title__ __category__ __title__ __category__ Vogue Fashion Runway Beauty Culture Living Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe VOGUE VIP Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Vogue Podcast Log In | Register Log Out Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. x Okay Sign Up for Our Newsletters Vogue Daily - Celebrity style, beauty tips, culture news, and more. Vogue Runway - Daily fashion news, runway coverage, street style, and more. Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Rights. Loading...
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Barczyk Chiropractic Group Brown’s Furniture Showplace Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: Win KPEL Cash Banquet Pick Em 2016 Wingin’ It Wednesday Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Mississippi Man Arrested For Impersonating Police Officer In Bayou Vista By Bernadette Lee September 20, 2016 10:43 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Police Sirens 4, iStock A Richton, Mississippi man was arrested yesterday afternoon at the Bayou Vista WalMart after he was seen begging for money. A St. Mary Parish Sheriff’s deputy said he saw a man at Walmart begging for money. The man had a badge and some handcuffs on his hip. When the deputy approached the individual to investigate further, the man said his name was Steven Morris. At first, he told the officer he was with “the fugitive task force”. When the deputy pointed out that Morris’ badge actually said Forrest County Sheriff’s Office, Morris told the deputy he had lied. He was not a policeman. The deputy said when he called Forest County Sheriff’s Office in Mississippi they told him the badge Morris had matched the description of a badge that had been missing for several years. Twenty-two-year-old Steven Morris was arrested for impersonating a peace officer.     Filed Under: fake police | pretend police Category: Acadiana News | Latest News | Local News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Acadian Village Lights Up The Region Starting December 1st [VIDEO] Duck Dynasty Coming To End, Announces Final Season REPORT: Les Miles On “Short List” For Baylor Head Coach Job Thieves Target Homes With Packages Left At Front Door [VIDEO] Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Brandon Comeaux Rob Kirkpatrick Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Steve Peloquin Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES President Obama Gathers Key Europe Leaders Amid Questions About Trump Dumb Things We Pay For, But Shouldn’t Threat Of Alligators Stops Suspect’s Escape Attempt Restore Louisiana Task Force To Begin Distribution Of Flood Relief Money How Many Acadiana Area Teams Will Win In Second Round Of LHSAA Playoffs? EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
LATEST SHOWS searchSearch Donate Subscribe Menu Menu Donate Subscribe close search MARKETPLACE SHOWS Shows Marketplace Helmed by Kai Ryssdal, our flagship program examines what the day in money delivered, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Morning Report Host David Brancaccio explores the latest on markets, money, jobs and innovation, providing the context you need to make smarter decisions. Tech Host Ben Johnson tackles the business behind the technology that's obsessing us and changing our lives. Weekend Host Lizzie O'Leary gives you a relaxed yet informative look at where the economy collides with real life. It's everything from the paycheck to the personal. Currently Featured Series Currently Featured Series Codebreaker Season 2 coming November 16. How the Deck is Stacked Our collaboration with Frontline and PBS Newshour Corner Office Podcast Extended and exclusive interviews with CEOs The Uncertain Hour Making sense of making it in America. TOPICS Topics Business Economy Money Tech Elections Education Life Wealth & Poverty World Sustainability Entertainment MUSIC AIR TIMES ABOUT US CONTACT Play Pause DownloadDownload EmbedEmbed Embed Code Copy Close Latest Stories Latest Shows Popular Now Mentioned on Air Podcasts Sponsor Marketplace TodayBecome a Corporate Sponsor ▧ Latest Stories View More ▧ Popular Now View More FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Business You know Aldi, now say 'hallo' to Lidl By Adam Allington September 20, 2016 | 5:50 AM Listen to this story Download Embed Embed Code<iframe src="http://www.marketplace.org/2016/09/19/world/you-know-aldi-now-say-hallo-lidl/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close A Lidl store from Arcole, Italy. - Photo courtesy of Lidl Many of us here in the United States are familiar with Aldi, the German low-cost grocery chain. Well, now Lidl (pronounced “Lee-del” in German), another European price-busting chain, has plans for expansion in the United States. Lidl is hiring staff and scouting retail locations along the East Coast. The move is seen as a shot across the bow for domestic retailers such as Wal-Mart and Target. The company’s expansion plans come after it had enormous success moving into the U.K., thanks in part to a no-frills, cost-conscious approach.    “That model really worked and it really undercut some of the marketing messages of some of the mainstream grocers,” said Neil Saunders, an analyst with the market research firm Conlumino.  In time, he feels Lidl could emerge as a viable competitor to Wal-Mart or Target, and even take business away from its German arch rival, Aldi. “The reason I think that is because Lidl’s product proposition is lot more rounded,” he said. “Yes, it sells grocery like Aldi does, but it also sells a lot of non-food as well.” However, here in the U.S. we already have lots of low-cost grocery chains. Think of places like Save-A-Lot, Dollar General, Family Dollar, etc. On top of that, Supermarket News retail editor Jon Springer said European chains like Lidl and Aldi rely on private brands, which many people here don’t recognize. “Their success to a degree depends on the consumers’ willingness to sort of put their trust in the brand,” he said. Springer said Lidl also doesn’t have the economies of scale of a giant like Wal-Mart.  Follow Adam Allington at @@aallington.  Adam Allington Adam Allington is an reporter covering economics and policy in the Washington D.C. bureau. In addition to his work with Marketplace, Adam also worked for the Associated Press, the St. Louis Federal Reserve, and St. Louis Public Radio. He was a 2012 Knight-Wallace Fellow at... Read More Twitter: @aallington Related Articles China tends to leave investors weakThe hardest-working woman in monetary policy What ghosts are you living with in your house? (Plus, a quiz!)Obamacare costs jobs: Insurance brokers FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Show Comments Subscribe to the  Marketplacenewsletter. Follow the Podcast support us Oyler falls short on new school report cards Business World Life Tech Sustainability Education Wealth & Poverty Entertainment Money Access: Marketplace Apps Newsletters Podcasts Stations Contact Submissions Follow Us On: FACEBOOKfacebook TWITTERtwitter instagram ©  2016 Minnesota Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Feedback
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.85 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,321 -12.90 -0.24% S&P 500 2,182 -4.83 -0.22% 10:27 A.M. ET Updated Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline 10:23 A.M. ET Salesforce CEO thanks Kanye for a great quarter 10:15 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles over fuel leak 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market flat as dollar continues rise; Nasdaq hits intraday record 10:13 A.M. ET Updated U.S. economy steady as she goes, leading indicators show 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Donald Trump taps Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 10:05 A.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 10:01 A.M. ET U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October 9:45 A.M. ET Lego Opens Its Biggest Store in the World in London 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock halted for volatility 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Close Currencies Futures Metals Stocks Home Press Release EdX and World's Top Universities Launch MicroMasters Programs: New Master's-Level Credentials to Advance Careers in the Most In-Demand Fields By Published: Sept 20, 2016 8:00 a.m. ET Share Flexible, affordable, digital credential for career advancement or graduate study in fields from artificial intelligence to supply chain management CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- EdX, the leading nonprofit online learning destination founded by Harvard and MIT, today launched 19 MicroMasters programs, a new category of Master's-level online education, originally pioneered by MIT, to bridge the knowledge gap between higher education and the workplace. The modular programs, which offer a credential with a pathway to credit, provide high-quality education from top universities to help learners launch or advance their career, or follow a path to an accelerated Master's degree. The MicroMasters initiative marks the next evolution in edX's mission to expand access to high-quality, career-relevant education at a fraction of the price. MicroMasters programs from 14 universities including MIT and now Columbia University, University of Michigan, Thunderbird School of Global Management, a unit of the Arizona State University Knowledge Enterprise, Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT), Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMB) and more, enable learners to begin advanced education in an affordable and flexible manner. Offered in subjects ranging from artificial intelligence to project management and supply chain management, MicroMasters courses are created by esteemed edX university partners, valued by top companies and linked to specific career outcomes. Industry and learner demand drove the development of MicroMasters, a program which was originally conceived by MIT and offered on edX as a pilot MicroMasters in Supply Chain Management – a field experiencing a worldwide talent shortage. While developing the new MicroMasters programs, edX consulted with industry leadership to understand their challenges, both in hiring and developing a smarter, more capable workforce. "The workplace is changing more rapidly today than ever before and employers are in need of highly-developed talent. Meanwhile, college graduates want to advance professionally, but are realizing they do not have the career-relevant skills that the modern workplace demands. EdX recognizes this mismatch between business and education for learners, employees and employers," said Anant Agarwal, CEO of edX and MIT professor. "The MicroMasters initiative provides the next level of innovation in learning to address this skills gap by creating a bridge between higher education and industry to create a skillful, successful 21 [st] -century workforce." Companies are looking for ways to provide their employees with deep, in-demand learning that will help them advance in rapidly growing fields, such as User Experience (UX) design, sustainable energy technology and operations. EdX discovered individuals have the same needs; an edX survey of online learners revealed a demand for a series of rich and rigorous courses informed by today's job market. Learners want flexible, affordable, real-time knowledge and skills that fit their lifestyles and prepare them for a specific in-demand job or career. "WalMart is always looking to hire the most talented associates in the world, and completing online courses like the MITx MicroMasters credential in Supply Chain Management is a powerful way for people to learn the important skills required to be successful," Chris Sultemeier, EVP of Logistics, Walmart U.S. "Everything I'm learning I can apply to a future job," said María Barba, an edX learner currently enrolled in the MITx Supply Chain Management MicroMasters. A MicroMasters certificate is comparable to a significant portion, in most cases a quarter or a half, of a traditional Master's degree, and is a valuable standalone credential that will help learners advance their careers. In addition, it offers a new path to an accelerated graduate degree. Learners who excel in the MicroMasters courses, successfully earning the credential, may then apply to a full Master's program; for those who are accepted – either at the university offering the MicroMasters program or another university that acknowledges the MicroMasters certificate – the digital credential will count as credit toward a portion of the degree, resulting in an accelerated program. Moreover, MicroMasters offers "inverted admissions," where learners can prove their abilities via online courses and universities have more data to inform admissions decisions. "We are proud to have been a pioneer for higher education's next step in engaging learners worldwide. MIT recognizes that not all high-potential Master's candidates can afford to spend a year or more on campus. As part of our mission to attract the best talent, we understand the importance of providing multiple pathways to degree programs," said Sanjay Sarma, Vice President for Open Learning, MIT. "MicroMasters broadens our admissions pool, and also allows learners to demonstrate their abilities through a series of online courses. All who pass earn a credential valued by the marketplace; those who excel may apply and complete their Master's with an additional semester's residence." "As Michigan continues to innovate and expand the conceptions of the public research university we're extremely enthusiastic about the three MicroMasters we are launching and the pathways we'll create for global lifelong learners," said Martha Pollack, Provost and Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs at the University of Michigan. Pearson, the world's education company, with over 35,000 employees in more than 70 countries, will also collaborate with edX to support the newly launched MicroMasters programs. Learners around the world will have the opportunity to take MicroMasters courses at local Pearson learning centers, which offer regional, in-person support, access to dedicated cohorts and additional learning resources. This blended learning experience has the potential to help students complete and thrive in online programs in places where online education is less established. EdX co-founding partner Harvard looks forward to offering a MicroMasters program in the future. And, other partner universities are considering launching additional MicroMasters programs over the coming year. For more information and a complete list of MicroMasters course offerings, visit www.edx.org/micromasters.   Full List of Institutions and MicroMasters Programs:   United States Columbia University (ColumbiaX) Artificial Intelligence Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MITx) Supply Chain Management Rochester Institute of Technology (RITx) Project Management Thunderbird School of Global Management, a unit of the Arizona State University Knowledge Enterprise (ThunderbirdX)  International Business Management University of Michigan (MichiganX) User Experience (UX) Research and Design Leading Educational Innovation and Improvement Social Work: Practice, Policy and Research International Australian National University (ANUx) Evidence-Based Management Curtin University (CurtinX) Human Rights Galileo University (GalileoX) e-Learning: crea actividades y contenidos para la enseñanza virtual (offered in Spanish) Professional Android Developer  The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (HKPolyUx) International Hospitality Management Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMBx)  Business Management Entrepreneurship Polytechnic University of Valencia (UPValenciaX) Liderazgo y trabajo en equipo en grupos de mejora continua (offered in Spanish) Université catholique de Louvain (LouvainX) Management (offered in French) International Law The University of Queensland, Australia (UQx) Leadership in Global Development Wageningen University (WageningenX) Biobased Sciences for Sustainability About edX EdX is a nonprofit, open-source learning destination offering online courses from more than 100 member institutions, composed of both leading global universities and colleges, and a diverse group of prominent organizations from around the world. Founded by Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and based in Cambridge, MA, USA, edX is focused on transforming online and classroom learning through groundbreaking methodologies, game-like educational experiences and cutting-edge research on an open-source platform. Contact Rachel Lapal Director of Communications, edX Email: press@edx.org  Phone: 617-324-7072 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/edx-and-worlds-top-universities-launch-micromasters-programs-new-masters-level-credentials-to-advance-careers-in-the-most-in-demand-fields-300330678.html SOURCE EdX Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Ho, ho, what? Holiday displays show up at some stores USA TODAY 9/20/2016 Charisse Jones Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume Ho, ho, what? Holiday displays show up at some stores USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street 0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money 2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC 1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business 0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters 1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg 2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal. 2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business 3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News 1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters 1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business 0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg 4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger 1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC 0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money 1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates 1:21 UP NEXT The beach towels have barely been put away and Halloween costume planning is yet to be begin, but a handful of stores are already decking the aisles with stockings, ornaments, and other holiday trimmings. At Macy’s Herald Square, Holiday Lane is open, complete with rows of “The Elf on The Shelf,’’ reindeer cloaked in plaid, and holiday toy-soldier nutcrackers with more than three months remaining until Christmas. Holiday lights and ornaments will start appearing in Walmart stores over the next two weeks, while Sears will start selling wreaths, stockings and other décor in stores by Oct. 2.    “Early October may seem early for some,’’ says Sears spokesman Brian Hanover, adding that the company has chosen a similar start date in previous years, “but we have many members who love getting the jump on the Christmas season and coming in-store to see the latest product trends and this year’s new holiday collectibles.’’ Rolling out holiday décor before the leaves have turned might be surprising to some, but early sales have been popping up for decades, though the National Retail Federation says the practice has gotten more attention in recent years because of the buzz generated by social media.  The NRF says stores are simply giving customers what they want. © USA TODAY It really is starting to look like the holiday season in some stores “Retailers will always react to trends based on the consumer needs and wants,’’ says NRF spokeswoman Ana Serafin Smith. “Therefore, if the consumers are asking for holiday products earlier in the year, you are more than likely to see retailers start having a small assortment by late summer and build up their inventory as we move into the holiday season.’’ If fact, they might all be a little late. Selfridges, a famous, big department store in London, opened its holiday shop Aug. 1. From a business standpoint, retailers want to start cashing in on the crucial holiday season as early as possible. Holiday sales account for roughly 20% of total sales for the industry for the year - and as much as 40% for some individual retailers, according to the NRF. In November and December, 2015, sales totaled $632.8 million. Walmart shoppers can start stocking up on Christmas decorations before the end of this month. “We know many of our customers like to plan their holiday décor shopping early,’’ says Walmart spokeswoman Danit Marquardt. She noted that the company's holiday sales have kicked off in late September for the last several years.   Meanwhile, Macy’s has begun to roll out its holiday merchandise as well. The store in New York City's Herald Square is in the process of being fully set up, but already features pint-sized Santas, Victorian villages, and glittering baubles for the tree. “This is typical timing for us,’’ says Macy’s spokeswoman Holly Thomas. “It takes a while to get all of our stores set with the holiday trim shops, and we aim to have holiday décor merchandise available for our customers when many begin shopping.’’ Holiday hiring is also kicking into gear. a bevy of retailers have now announced they are looking to fill out their ranks. , Mass-merchandiser Target, for instance, plans to hire 70,000 holiday workers for its stores, and 7,500 seasonal workers to help out in its distribution and fulfillment centers. For the first time, Target will also have hiring events at all its stores on Oct. 14 and 15th. On a recent afternoon, Verdier France, 37, who was visiting New York City from France, browsed through Macy's holiday themed section. She found it a bit odd to see Christmas displays before summer had come to an end. “But in New York City, winter is so beautiful,’’ said France who was heading back home on Thursday. Thanks to the store's early holiday start,  "in September, I can see a little bit of it.’’ Go to MSN Home More in Money 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Can Trump undermine abortion rights? Not so fast USA TODAY 7 history lessons that help explain the Dakota Access Pipeline protests USA TODAY Roundtable: Who is too low in CFP rankings? USA TODAY Week 12 games that most impact the playoff USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. SALES 5 Secrets to Selling to the Fortune 500 Getting a foot in the door with the Walmarts, Apples and General Motors of the world isn't as hard as you might think. By Christina DesMarais Christina DesMarais is an Inc.com contributor who writes about the tech startup community, covering innovative ideas, news, and trends. On Google+, add her to one of your circles. Have a tip? Email her at christinadesmarais (at) live (dot) com. @salubriousdish Contributor, Inc.com@salubriousdish WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Selling to huge profitable enterprises is the holy grail of any B2B company. But how do you get the Walmarts, Apples and General Motors of the world to bet on your products or services? Take some advice from a few companies which have done it. Check out these quotes from a handful of startup executives who say selling to the Fortune 500 isn't as hard as you might think, if you handle yourself right. 1. Teach them how to navigate their own purchase system. "When you are solving a problem in a new way, many people in the company you're trying to sell to don't know how to purchase your solution. 'Does IT pay for this?' or 'Does Marketing pay for this?' are two common questions we hear. This confusion can paralyze clients as it creates a huge barrier to overcome before they even try your product. You need to lower the barrier for getting the PO as low as possible. You could charge so little for a trial that they can put it on their corporate card. And if you have insight from prior experience, you can be their coach through the whole process, making sure that they are putting their best foot forward. This gets you the sale, and as important, makes your contact look like a hero." --Kristi Zuhlke, founder and CEO of market research data retrieval company KnowledgeHound. 2. Know your prospect's "burning platform." "[It's] that all-consuming issue that drives a company's business decisions. For example, we offer a virtual reality technology platform for retailers and consumer brands, whose burning platform usually includes moving faster as they compete with smaller, more nimble competitors. As such, when we talk about what we do, our focus is on how VR can speed up their store concept development, research, planning and activation processes. If the burning platform was to be innovative, we would talk about all of the creative ways our technology can eliminate bad ideas and focus on good ideas, [but] faster. Besides creating a sense of urgency, speaking to a Fortune 500 company in the context of their burning platform tells them that you know their business and are well-suited to help." --Brooks Augustine, chief customer officer of InContext Solutions, a provider of virtual reality solutions for retail. 3. Listen instead of selling. "We spend a lot of time making sure we find the right hiring managers to talk to, so when we do reach out we're doing so in a very natural way. And then, when we have our first meeting, we don't sell anything--we listen and learn. The insight we gain from listening--and the alignment it brings us with our prospects--is a big part of the success of our hiring-automation platform's focus on hourly workers and the on-demand workforce." --Keith Ryu, founder of recruiting software company OnboardIQ. 4. Don't be intimidated, they're people just like you. "No matter the size of the company you're talking to, you're ultimately connecting with a single person, who, like most people, probably likes things such as proof of success, kindness, a little sense of humor and not working with jerks. And second, from the very start focus on how you can be meaningfully helpful to a prospect. Listen to them, put yourself in their shoes, and offer them resources that will help them do their jobs better. If you are human--and again, not the self-serving-jerk kind--and show real value--not the fake kind--the sales will follow." --Craig Root, director of enterprise sales for Jellyvision, a communication platform which helps employees make benefits decisions. 5. Don't worry about Fortune 500 companies copying your idea for themselves. "All companies, no matter their size, have serious constraints on internal resources, in particular when it comes to technology and development. The fact is, it is often less costly for them to purchase your goods, services or in some cases, acquire your entire company, than it is to allocate a team and develop a new product from scratch. Once you have demonstrated to a Fortune 500 company that your product can be a true differentiator for them, it is essential that you convey the message that you will be giving them a valuable head start. And throw in your ability to continually innovate and pivot your development resources on a dime for good measure. No large company has claim to that benefit." --Heidi Brown, founder and COO of Options Away, a travel technology company. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Sep 20, 2016 Advertisement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Consumer Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods featured Shoppers cut back their spending in days after the election By: Krystina Gustafson 1 Hour Ago New data shows that instead of loosening their purse strings after the election, online shoppers dramatically cut back their spending. » Read More Thanksgiving is the 'Super Bowl' for Boston Market By: Sarah Whitten 2 Hours Ago Boston Market sees sales double during the holiday week. » Read More Amazon offers exclusive deals to people who order through its AI assistant Alexa By: Arjun Kharpal 7 Hours Ago Amazon is trying to get you used to the idea of speaking to Alexa – its artificial intelligence (AI) digital assistant. » Read More 5 ways Best Buy just defied its critics By: Krystina Gustafson 23 Hours Ago Best Buy shares rocketed higher Thursday, after the company handily topped Wall Street's earnings and revenue forecasts. » Read More More Slowly, but surely McDonald's is shifting to table service as it works to boost visits 21 Hours Ago McDonald's revealed on Thursday that it is adding self-service ordering kiosks, craft burgers and table service to its stores. Luxury gifts for the woman (or man) who has everything Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 9:17 AM ET Regardless of the economy, well-heeled shoppers will still be on the hunt for the perfect holiday gifts for their loved ones. Thanksgiving feast to gobble up less money this year as turkey prices drop Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 7:16 AM ET Americans can thank a drop in the price of turkey and general food deflation for bringing down the cost of a Thanksgiving dinner this year. Wal-Mart beats on earnings, raises lower end of guidance, but revenue falls short Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 8:12 AM ET Wal-Mart's U.S. comparable sales came in just shy of what analysts were expecting, at 1.2 percent growth. Best Buy's same-store sales beat estimates Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 7:13 AM ET Best Buy reported better-than-expected comparable-store sales, helped by higher demand for consumer electronics and mobile phones. US consumer prices post largest gain in six months Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 8:30 AM ET The U.S. Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent in October, matching estimates. This follows a 0.3 percent increase a month earlier. Fifth Avenue protests could mean trouble at Tiffany's this holiday Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 2:51 PM ET On a key stretch of New York's Fifth Avenue, visions of sugarplums are being crowded out by police barricades and screaming protesters. Target's big beat means it could be a winner this holiday Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 1:50 PM ET While several challenges remain, the pockets of strength Target is seeing skew toward categories that should help power its fourth quarter. Amazon offers one day, $20 off sale on Prime Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 2:29 PM ET In celebration of its new TV show, Amazon will cut the Prime membership price from $99 for a year to $79 on November 18, USA Today reports. 10 tech stocking stuffers Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 9:00 AM ET There are still plenty of smaller tech gifts that not only fit into a stocking, but also fit with your budget. 10 must-have gifts for your pets this holiday season Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 9:43 AM ET Millions of pet owners in America love to spoil their pets—especially during the holidays. Here are some popular products they might enjoy. Blue Nile, Rent the Runway bet on shoppers wanting stores Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 1:15 PM ET Online companies like Blue Nile, Rent the Runway and more are betting on shoppers wanting stores. Target shares soar as sales, earnings top Wall Street forecasts; raises guidance Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 7:25 AM ET Target saw a boost in traffic and sales trends during the fiscal third quarter. Lowe's misses on earnings and revenue; stock sinks Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 1:25 PM ET Lowe's CEO Robert Niblock says store traffic slowed more than anticipated in August and September. Home Depot investors bail on the stock, despite signs the housing recovery has more steam Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 12:09 PM ET Even as the retailer reiterated its confidence in internal initiatives and a robust economy, investors weren't impressed. Ivanka Trump’s company apologizes for blurring line between politics and business Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 11:42 AM ET After an uproar over the promotion of a bracelet Ivanka Trump wore on TV, her company says it is "still making adjustments post-election." « First Next » |  Last » Contact Retail CNBC NEWSLETTERS Get the best of CNBC in your inbox Please choose a subscription Make It A daily email for dreamers, seekers and game changers. Breaking News CNBC's latest news headlines Morning Squawk Daily before the bell news roundup Evening Brief Daily recap of the day's top headlines Guest Alerts Guest information & reminders for your calendar Your Wealth Weekly advice on managing your money Options Action Insight from the Options Action panel Your Money Your Vote Everything you need to know about the coming election Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Please enter a valid email address Get these newsletters delivered to your inbox, and more info about about our products and service. Privacy Policy. Submit ▲
null
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, November 18, 2016, 9:35 a.m. Home / Business / News in brief This article was published September 20, 2016 at 2:10 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart completes purchase of Jet.com This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: News in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Stocks seesaw, close day with a loss TV programs showcase Carnival cruises Getting it straight Business news in brief News in brief Wal-Mart completes deal for Jet.com Samsung says it has found no battery problem ... Arkansas manufacturer to invest $12M, add 400... $1.5B project aims to breed super shrimp More Business stories > Comments on: News in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Photos of car tied to Little Rock homicide released; police say shop owner was intended victim (1 comment) Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG (2 comments) Resign, NAACP tells Arkansas school panel member who wore 'blackface' (12 comments) Face addiction, report urges U.S. (2 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: How it happened (29 comments) Ex-Arkansas band director gets 15 years on sex charges involving teens (1 comment) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Opinion » The Corporate Outsider Last Modified: Fri, Sep 23 2016. 02 02 AM IST As Welspun stares into the abyss, can it reinvent itself? The present crisis gives Welspun the time to go back to its basics and fix the errors that crept into its systems Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Sundeep Khanna The woes of Welspun India don’t seem to be coming to an end any time soon. With a number of its top buyers like Target Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. terminating their contracts with the company, and its aftermath wiping away 30% of its market capitalization, troubled Welspun India Ltd was already in the doghouse. Now comes news of two class action lawsuits against it on grounds that the Indian manufacturer fraudulently labelled its bedsheets and towels as premium Egyptian cotton. The woes of Welspun India don’t seem to be coming to an end any time soon. Market analysts are divided on the potential impact of these setbacks on the company’s business. Some have even suggested the initial reaction may be overdone. But regardless of whether other buyers follow suit and slash their dealings with it, there is no way around the massive trust deficit Welspun finds itself saddled with. What has taken a beating is the company’s “reputation capital”, described in a study by Jivas Chakravarthy of Chapman University, Ed deHaan of Stanford University and Shivaram Rajgopal of Emory University, as a genuine, if intangible, financial asset that is embedded in a company’s market value. So is it all over for Welspun? Maybe not. There is good reason why the company rose to the top of its game in the first place. Several reasons, in fact. ALSO READ | Wal-Mart stops selling cotton sheets made by Welspun Take a look at these testimonials before 22 August. The company was among the top three home textile manufacturers in the world, the largest home textile company in Asia and the leading home textile exporter to the US for four years in a row (2012-15). It is a vendor to 14 of top 30 global retailers and these include marquee names such as Bed Bath and Beyond Inc., Target, Macy’s Inc., Wal-Mart and JC Penney Co. Inc. For its exertions, the company was ranked No.1 for the last two years by US Home Textiles Today magazine in Top 15 Home Supplier Giants to USA. In 2015, it won the award for “highest direct to store delivery share” from Ikea AB, as well as the Green manufacturing excellence award from Frost & Sullivan. But along with that, for over two years starting 2014, it was also allegedly cheating its prime customers. Of course, after the revelations of fraud by employees at Wells Fargo and Co., cheating customers appears to be a global phenomenon and companies seem to treat being caught out as par for the course. Last November, a major investigation was launched into seven of Italy’s best-known olive oil companies for allegedly defrauding consumers by passing off inferior quality virgin olive oil as extra-virgin oil. And Big Auto and Big Pharma have been setting new standards in malfeasance. But common as it is, what distinguishes survivors of corporate busts is how they react to such situations. And that’s where Welspun has a choice. It can abandon itself to the buffetings of its actions while emulating a Ranbaxy or a Kingfisher in looking for a quick exit for the promoters. Or it can take the blow on its chin and resolve to come back wiser from its mistakes and stronger for its ordeal. Pharma giant Johnson & Johnson’s swift response in 1982 to the scandal that erupted following the death of seven people after consuming its best-selling painkiller Tylenol, which had been deliberately contaminated with cyanide, is considered the gold standard in addressing a corporate crisis of this nature. ALSO READ | Welspun fiasco shows Indian companies have a blind spot on quality Already Welspun has gone into quiet introspection. Vitally it did not come out screaming its innocence and denying what happened. In a conference call with investors, it took the blame without any obfuscation with Rajesh Mandawewala, its managing director, stating: “There has been, let’s say, a failure on our part, so without any ambiguity the fault is on our side.” Welspun also appointed audit firm EY to review its processes. Of course, it is a long haul back. In the textile business the supply chain typically lasts from six to eight months. And with the festival season in the West coming up, no large retailer will take a chance on Welspun any time soon. In a sense, it gives the company the time to go back to its basics and fix the errors that crept into its systems. In the 1987 movie Wall Street, Hal Holbrook has a memorable dialogue: “Man looks in the abyss, there’s nothing staring back at him. At that moment, man finds his character. And that is what keeps him out of the abyss.” Welspun today is staring deep into the abyss. Can it find itself? Sundeep Khanna is a consulting editor at Mint and oversees the newsroom’s corporate coverage. The Corporate Outsider will look at current issues and trends in the corporate sector every week. To read more from The Corporate Outsider, click here Sundeep Khanna Topics: WelspunTarget CorpWal-Mart StoresMarket capitalizationManufacturing More from this Section Domestic help and the cash Trump, RSS and blissful coexistence Dara Singh: The champion of the world The meal that says ‘chin up!’ The ‘upaj’ on demonetization Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Donald Trump’s firm signs deal for Kolkata real estate project Consequences of the demonetisation shock First Published: Tue, Sep 20 2016. 12 22 PM IST Read more from Livemint India’s no first use policy on nukes ‘ambiguous’: Pakistan Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai, & Tourist, Delhi Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Latest News Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai, & Tourist, Delhi Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Donald Trump selects candidates for CIA, attorney general: transition official Domestic help and the cash Air India to induct two A320 neos in January Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for September 20, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Red Phoenix Consumer Brands Inc. Introduces Two New Smartwatches in U.S. Army Brand The company launched its products on Walmart.com, Amazon.com and Groupon.com.     LOS ANGELES, CA, September 20, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Red Phoenix Consumer Brands Inc. - a startup company based in Corona, CA introduces two new smartwatches in the U.S. Army brand. The company launched its products on Walmart.com, Amazon.com and Groupon.com. The U.S. Army smartwatches are developed using Android operating system. The smartwatches offer a number of useful features such as built-in camera for taking pictures and recording videos,wifi and internet support, voice and text support.The smartwatches are unlocked and can be used on any GSM & WCDMA network in the world. The smartwatches are available for purchase to both the military and non-military customers in the United States only. Red Phoenix Consumer Brands ( www.redphoenixinc.com) was incorporated in 2015 and is a manufacturer and distributor of smartwatches in U.S Army brand under license from U.S. Army. The company plans to use a portion of revenues generated from the sale of smartwatches to fund social initiatives such as Wounded Warrior Project, Warrior games etc. # # # Read more Press Releases from Andy Chandra: New Smartwatches Introduced in U.S. Army Brand Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Andy Chandra Red Phoenix Consumer Brands Inc. Corona, CA USA Voice: 714-232-5353 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.

Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 49°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Friday, November 18, 2016 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Morning Meeting with Hillary Chabot, Jaclyn Cashman Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand The Ticker Herald Staff Tuesday, September 20, 2016 Credit: Unknown Kelly MacLean comments Plymouth nuclear plant back after repairs The only nuclear power plant in Massachusetts is working at 100 percent capacity again after a 12-day shutdown for repairs. A spokesman for Louisiana-based Entergy Corp. said the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station returned to full capacity early yesterday morning. The station was manually shut down Sept. 5 due to issues with a valve in the system that provides water to the reactor for steam generation. Plant personnel repaired the valve and performed some other maintenance.   The article you requested has been archived   All coverage within bostonherald.com from the last 14 days remains free of charge. Articles do not always include original photos, charts or graphics. » Click here to search for this article within the archive. More On: Wal-Mart Jet.com Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Mass. loses 5,000 jobs, but rate plunges jordan graham real estate Hot Property: Arsenal St. units loaded with details paul restuccia business & markets IndyCar hits gas on refund checks brian dowling real estate Hyde Park housing proposed donna goodison Trending Now Somerville mayor vows to protect immigrants as Trump takes over Franck: Thanks to Charlie Baker, Bay State all set for Trump deportations Tip led cops to alleged human trafficking hot spot Feds: Barrier in gorilla exhibit didn't meet US standards Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Newspapers In Education Boston Herald NIE SmartEdition Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Manistee Kmart Among Closures For December - Northern Michigan's News Leader 9&10 Contests & Events CBS Shows What's On Mugshots Connect with Us Alerts & Emails News Tips News Michigan This Morning Latest News Michigan News National International News Business News Features News Tips Election 2016 Weather Radar & Temp Maps Severe Weather Alerts Live Skycams Live Weather Stations Interactive Radar Local River Levels School Closings & Delays My View Sports Video Sports Video Sights & Sounds of Northern Michigan Northern Michigan In Focus Healthy Living Video Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Video Hometown Tourist Video Cooking with Chef Hermann Video Color the Weather Video Expert Tips Videos Grant Me Hope Video View All Video Features Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Brewvine Cooking with Chef Hermann Grant Me Hope Healthy Living Inside the Kitchen Jack's Journal MedWatch My North Ticket Minute Projects You Pin View All Features Community Community Calendar Contests & Events My View Expert Tips Brewvine Helping Hands News Tips School Closings & Delays Virtual Buck Pole Law Help Line LIFESTYLE Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Advertising Sales Creative Services Employment Opportunities Contact Us Station Overview NMD Fox 32 Fox 32 Contests & Events Fox Shows What's On Fox Topix About Fox 32 News Tips Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Wind ADVISORY in effect for: Mason, MI Oceana, MI Winter Storm WARNING in effect for: Luce, MI Manistee Kmart Among Closures For December Posted: Monday, September 19, 2016 10:14 PM EDT Updated: Monday, September 26, 2016 10:14 PM EDT By Veronica Meadows, Reporter Email Connect VeronicaMeadows@9and10news.com Follow @VeronicaM9and10 Hard times for Kmart, closing more of its stores including some in Northern Michigan. By December of this year 64 stores across the country will shut their doors for good. That includes Kmart stores in Manistee, Sault Ste. Marie, and Alpena. "I was like no way I was disappointed I guess," said Dawn Link. Kmart announcing that come December employees in 64 stores across the country will be out of a job. That includes in Manistee. "There's really not another Kmart in the area I'm guessing now the closest one is probably Muskegon so I will have to shop at Meijer or Walmart or Ludington something like that," said Dawn. Some local shoppers are upset. Now they will have to find another store that lets them do layaway. "I love Kmart we do a lot of layaway at Kmart because like Walmart doesn't do layaway except at Christmas time and I don't think Meijer does at all," she said. Local businesses around Kmart are also concerned what the closure could mean for them. "I was shocked when I first heard about it was kind of scared because we are next door and I was worried it might have a bigger impact on us or we might have to close because they are closing," said Mackenzie Martin. Fiesta Salons says even though they could lose some of their walk-ins at first, in the long run, they think business will be just fine. "People do go in there to shop and I think that it will impact our walk-ins people go in there see us and then come in," she said. And even though the employees of Kmart say they can't comment, the local community still feels for their loss. "I know how hard it is to get out there and find a job and find something that you like and I feel sorry for everybody in Kmart that has to find another job," Mackenzie said. Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Evart Hunter Takes 10 Point Buck After Watching It For Years Evart Hunter Takes 10 Point Buck After Watching It For Years Posted: Thursday, November 17 2016 2:02 AM EST2016-11-17 07:02:07 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 2:02 AM EST2016-11-17 07:02:07 GMT An 85-year-old Evart man shot the buck he's been watching for the past three years.  An 85-year-old Evart man shot the buck he's been watching for the past three years.  Mason County Hunter Beat Up, Robbed Of Buck Mason County Hunter Beat Up, Robbed Of Buck Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 6:06 PM EST2016-11-16 23:06:32 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 6:13 PM EST2016-11-16 23:13:53 GMT A peaceful morning of hunting turned violent. Two men beat up a hunter, fighting over who actually killed a buck.  A peaceful morning of hunting turned violent. Two men beat up a hunter, fighting over who actually killed a buck.  Charlevoix Man Arrested, Out on Bond After Child Porn Investigation Charlevoix Man Arrested, Out on Bond After Child Porn Investigation Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 9:54 PM EST2016-11-17 02:54:46 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 8:41 AM EST2016-11-17 13:41:04 GMT Nearly a dozen electronic devices recovered from a Charlevoix man’s house. They are all evidence in a child porn investigation. Michigan State Police arrested Vern Grams on eight counts of having and distributing child porn. He’s out on bond. Police arrested Grams in Charlevoix on Tuesday after explicit images were traced back to his home through Microsoft SkyDrive. 9&10’s Caroline Powers and photojournalist Harrison Light spoke to investigators about how th... Nearly a dozen electronic devices recovered from a Charlevoix man’s house. They are all evidence in a child porn investigation. 8-Year-Old Girl Seriously Injured In Isabella County ORV Accident 8-Year-Old Girl Seriously Injured In Isabella County ORV Accident Posted: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:54 AM EST2016-11-17 16:54:31 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:54 AM EST2016-11-17 16:54:31 GMT An eight-year-old girl is in a downstate hospital with serious internal injuries.  An eight-year-old girl is in a downstate hospital with serious internal injuries.  Preserving History: Saving the Lighthouse on Squaw Island Part 2 Preserving History: Saving the Lighthouse on Squaw Island Part 2 Posted: Thursday, November 17 2016 1:29 PM EST2016-11-17 18:29:38 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 4:36 PM EST2016-11-17 21:36:48 GMT Preserving history is not an easy task, especially on a remote island in Lake Michigan. Preserving history is not an easy task, especially on a remote island in Lake Michigan. McLaren Central Michigan Holds Groundbreaking For Emergency Department Expansion McLaren Central Michigan Holds Groundbreaking For Emergency Department Expansion Posted: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:49 PM EST2016-11-18 03:49:46 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:49 PM EST2016-11-18 03:49:46 GMT A groundbreaking event on Thursday soon will help save lives. McLaren Central Michigan is expanding its emergency department.  A groundbreaking event on Thursday soon will help save lives. McLaren Central Michigan is expanding its emergency department.  DNR: Firearm Deer Season Impacted By Weather Conditions DNR: Firearm Deer Season Impacted By Weather Conditions Posted: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:25 PM EST2016-11-18 04:25:43 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 11:25 PM EST2016-11-18 04:25:43 GMT The weather will play a big factor for hunters in the coming days. The weather will play a big factor for hunters in the coming days. Two People Injured in Leelanau County Accident Two People Injured in Leelanau County Accident Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 8:32 AM EST2016-11-18 13:32:18 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:32 AM EST2016-11-18 13:32:18 GMT Two people are in the hospital after an accident in Leelanau County's Bingham Township. Two people are in the hospital after an accident in Leelanau County's Bingham Township. Cadillac City Police Officer Saves Drug Overdose Victim's Life Cadillac City Police Officer Saves Drug Overdose Victim's Life Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 6:56 PM EST2016-11-16 23:56:04 GMT Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 6:56 PM EST2016-11-16 23:56:04 GMT The fast actions of a Cadillac City Police officer brought a man back from the brink. That man is now recovering from a drug overdose.  The fast actions of a Cadillac City Police officer brought a man back from the brink. That man is now recovering from a drug overdose.  Michigan Pays Bill For Smart911 Trial Michigan Pays Bill For Smart911 Trial Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 12:30 AM EST2016-11-18 05:30:34 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 12:30 AM EST2016-11-18 05:30:34 GMT The state of Michigan is picking up the tab for all counties to have Smart 911 for 18 months. Smart 911 is a service some Northern Michigan counties have that give dispatchers more information about people if they call 911. The state of Michigan is picking up the tab for all counties to have Smart 911 for 18 months. Smart 911 is a service some Northern Michigan counties have that give dispatchers more information about people if they call 911.    Home Features Cooking with Chef Hermann Contests & Events News Tips What's On Virtual Buck Pole News Feedback at 5:00 Michigan News National News Entertainment News News Tips Business News International News Weather Weather Alerts Skycams Radar & Temp Maps Live Weather Stations My View School Closings & Delays Sports Local Sports Headlines College Sports Michigan Sports National Sports Sports Overtime Local Sports Scores Beat the Pro Health Living Right Healthy Living About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Creative Services Contact Us WWTV FCC Public File WFQX FCC Public File All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Heritage Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Wal-Mart completes acquisition of Jet.com, Lore commits to 5-year contract by Kim Souza. Published Sep 19th, 2016 7:04 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Wal-Mart Stores has completed its $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com following the expiration of the waiting period under federal regulations, with the Jet.com CEO reporting directly to Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon. McMillon made the announcement Monday (Sept. 19) via an Instagram post and more details were provided on the terms of Jet CEO and founder Marc Lore in a late Monday filing with the federal Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon noted in his blog post that the deal builds on Wal-Mart’s strong e-commerce foundation and is intended to help accelerate growth and deliver a seamless shopping experience for customers. Walmart.com and Jet.com will operate as separate brands, while leveraging technology and talent across both entities. “We’re thrilled to welcome the Jet.com team to the Walmart family and excited to expand the ways we serve our current customers and reach new customers online,” McMillon said. “Jet brings a unique approach and technology that puts customers in control of their experience, helping them find additional ways to save.” Lore now joins Walmart’s leadership team, serving as executive vice president at Walmart and president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce in the U.S. He will lead Walmart.com and Jet.com, reporting to McMillon. “I can’t wait to jump in and get started,” Lore said. “I’ll be spending a lot of time with the team in the coming weeks and months focused on scaling Walmart.com and Jet.com, building on our solid foundations. Together we will be stronger and move even faster to reimagine the future of shopping.” Marc Lore, Jet.com CEO Lore will receive slightly more than 3.554 million shares of restricted Wal-Mart shares as a portion of the $300 million in equity payments noted in the deal. Wal-Mart signed Lore to a 5-year employment contract, during which time the restricted stock will vest. Lore’s salary was not disclosed in the filing but the stock payment is tied to the fact that Lore must remain employed all five years. The stock will slowly vest over the next five-year period. If Lore is terminated or leaves on his own before then the shares will be voided. Also in the filing, Wal-Mart expects the Jet.com acquisition will dilute earnings by 5 cents per share this fiscal year as a result of operating losses and one-time transaction costs, assuming the transaction closes near the beginning of Wal-Mart’s fiscal fourth quarter. The retailer said if the deal closes earlier there could be some marginal dilution above its previous earnings estimates for fiscal 2017. Retail experts have said retaining Lore and his management team is a major positive for Wal-Mart but keeping him engaged for the full five years could be a challenge given that Lore is an entrepreneur and innovator that has often gone his own way. Some have said working for a retailer with a large bureaucracy may be tough for Lore who is seen more as a maverick than a company executive who will now working largely at the pleasure of the Walton family and the board. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 13shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 93 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police calls: Addict says she shoplifted to get help A 25-year-old drug addict told police she stole from Wal-Mart to get help getting "clean". Post to Facebook Police calls: Addict says she shoplifted to get help A 25-year-old drug addict told police she stole from Wal-Mart to get help getting "clean".  Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2cz6ktt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Police calls: Addict says she shoplifted to get help Mansfield News Journal 9:17 p.m. EDT September 19, 2016 Police lights and sirens (Photo: File photo) 93 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE 100 block of Blymyer Ave., Mansfield — A 26-year-old woman told police Monday morning that she is having a relationship with a 21-year-old man. She said the man's 21-year-old wife kicked in her door, destroyed kitchen and bathroom items and took all the food out of the refrigerator. She left before police arrived. The woman's husband reportedly was yelling profanities and would not calm down. He was issued a summons for disorderly conduct. Mansfield Senior High School, 124 N. Linden Road — A 15-year-old boy was issued a summons for juvenile cigarette or other tobacco products violation on Monday morning. Police reported seeing him smoking near the school. 300 block of Hammond Ave., Mansfield — A 30-year-old man reported Monday morning the theft of a new weed-eater from the front porch. Walmart, 2485 Possum Run Road, Mansfield — A police officer who saw a 25-year-old woman standing in the south vestibule, crying, around 12:30 a.m. Monday, asked if she was okay and heard her admit that she had stolen from the store because she wanted to go to jail. The woman told the officer she was a drug addict and needed to go to jail to "get clean." Police reports said she had DVDs and rings worth a total of about $80 in her purse. The police officer was at Walmart because of a call late Sunday night from a woman who said a 35-year-old man took her debit card and used it at Walmart to buy items at the store. The police report said the man bought items for about $12 and got $40 in cash back. Videotape showed the suspect purchasing a box of syringes from the pharmacy counter using the card. Police were unable to locate the suspect after he reportedly was kicked out of Harmony House about a week before. 200 block of Rae Ave., Mansfield — A 20-year-old man told police shortly before 2 a.m. Monday that he was walking with a friend when two unidentified suspects, both wearing all black and about his own age, approached him on the bike trail. The man, who had visible injuries to his face, said one man struck him in the head with a silver handgun and the other struck him in the head with a 2-by-4, demanding money and a cellphone, which he did not have on him. City firefighters took the man to OhioHealth Mansfield Hospital, where he was not immediately able to give a statement to officers because of his medical condition. The News Journal does not identify people charged with misdemeanor offenses in the Emergency Calls. This is a fairness issue related to the large number of incidents that we cannot report in the wide geographic area being covered. Offenders are identified through subsequent court listings. 93 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2cz6ktt TOP VIDEOS 'Script' Ohio 0:45 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 Mansfield veteran's van stolen, recovered 0:44 Cleanup begins after wind damage south of Lexington 1:32 Richland County Junior Fair 1:33 Veterans Honor Ground 0:38 Sights and sounds at the fair 1:03 Sheriff Press Conference over incident at Music Festival 2:42 More Stories Obhof to lead Ohio Senate Nov. 15, 2016, 4:34 p.m. Free Thanksgiving Day meals in Galion Nov. 15, 2016, 2:27 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 18, 2016, 8:43 a.m. Live at 7:30 p.m.: Shelby football updates Nov. 18, 2016, 5:04 a.m.

Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics ANF AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Target Corporation’s Stock Buyback Looks More Like PR Than a Value-Booster (TGT) The struggling retailer has bigger problems it really should address first By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Sep 22, 2016, 7:00 am EST     Popular Posts: 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock is Working Its Way Back to Relevancy Recent Posts: Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Stock Is Beyond All Hope It’s Time to Rethink How We Value Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Stock This Is the Best Thing to Happen to Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) In a While View All Posts Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) certainly tickled the ears of investors today, announcing it would be boosting an existing stock-buyback program of $10 billion by buying back an additional $5 billion worth of Target stock. Not bad for a company with a market cap of only $39.5 billion. And yet, beyond the headlines of the Target buybacks, shareholders know the retailer has lingering problems. To its credit, TGT has introduced some solutions as well. It developed a new small-store format, unveiled a wider array of groceries and delivered some heart-felt pleas to all its employees. It’s all falling flat so far with shoppers though, and by extension falling flat with investors and analysts. Target Stock Fizzling Out As a refresher, last quarter, Target managed to boost its year-over-year bottom line per share of TGT stock, though by most other (more important) measures it hit a wall. Same-store sales fell by 1.1%, and total company revenues fell 8% year over year. 9 Dividend Stocks for a Full Calendar of Safe Income There was more than one reason for the headwind. Arguably the biggest one is the boycott of Target by a few million consumers who are less than pleased with the retailer’s April decision to allow transgender people to use the stores’ restrooms of their choice. At least 1.4 million have signed a petition to stop shopping at Target, and countless more have stopped patronizing the company’s stores without signing the petition. It’s not just the transgender bathroom issue that has proven to be a headwind for the company and Target stock, however. Target is also losing relevancy as the “cheap chic” movement it largely helped define is now becoming increasingly fragmented. Rather than replace or rekindle that business though, the company is reworking its product mix and footprint. Struggling Initiatives One example of these initiatives is a recent effort to scale-up its existing grocery business. Shoppers haven’t bitten so far though. The impasse may be that Target isn’t seen as an alternative to more established grocer names like Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) or Kroger Co (NYSE:KR). Its stores may also be in the wrong locations for a grocery store. The scaled-up grocery business remains a work-in-progress. Most people remain unimpressed. Target has also introduced a small-store format now that — between it and Walmart — the large-store format has pretty well saturated most markets. Chief Executive Officer Brian Cornell recently announced the retailer could be opening hundreds of these stores in the foreseeable future, building on the 32 such locales that should be up and running before the end of this year. Walmart has already tried something similar, though, and ultimately decided to abandon the idea. In June it reported it would be closing all 102 of its so-called “Express” stores. It’s not likely Target will fare significantly better. Even more recently — as in last week — Cornell delivered a clear but concerning message to store workers: “Competition has been fierce and we have had a few bumps on the road this year… We have 137 days to turn this into a winning year… (comparable sales) are flat year-to-date. I’m disappointed with that… we own that.” While it’s not unusual for a company to share ideas and be frank with its employees, it is unusual for Target to do so. Plus, the message seemed to put the onus on in-store workers themselves, who actually have very little control over a customer’s in-store experience. The merchandise selection, staffing levels and foot traffic are out of the most employees’ control. The fact that Cornell would send such a desperate message in the first place — not to mention the unspoken implication — is alarming in itself. Bottom Line for Target Stock Still, does the corporate-sponsored buyback of Target stock bode well? Maybe, but don’t look for a big impact anytime soon. The newly approved $5 billion will only kick in after the current $10 billion buyback program is completed. Just for the record though, it could take a long while for that $10 billion buyback to end. Aside from the fact that Target has only generated $3.1 billion in net income for the past (fairly typical) four quarters, it has also only got $1.5 billion in the bank. And, of the $3 billion or so it earns every year, it has to pay part of that as dividends, and hold into the rest for initiatives like smaller stores, or even just for a rainy day. Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Slammed on Morgan Stanley Downgrade In other words, it could take several years to buy the first $10 billion worth of TGT stock back — never even mind the fact that neither approved buyback program is an actual obligation. Said another way, the buyback announced this week looks more like a public relations move aimed at taking the focus off the retailer’s myriad of problems. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 8 International Stocks Priced to Beat the U.S. The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/target-stock-buybacks-tgt-value-pr/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Is the Trump Boost Over for BAC Stock? Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Charlotte placed under state of emergency;… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: 2014 asbestos release Colo. car crashes First-and-Orange podcast Denver mayor on Trump Late-night Melania Trump jokes Tiny-home subdivision News Nation World News Charlotte placed under state of emergency; National Guard heads to city Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press PUBLISHED: September 21, 2016 at 7:29 pm | UPDATED: September 22, 2016 at 6:58 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Donald Trump pledge to target “sanctuary” cities could cost Denver, Aurora Salida OK’s community of 200 tiny homes to help ease housing crunch The biggest reason Donald Trump won the presidency Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads Analysis: This blunder on California marijuana Prop. 64 could cost state millions By Jeffrey Collins, The Associated Press CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Authorities in Charlotte tried to quell public anger Wednesday after a police officer shot a black man, but a dusk prayer vigil turned into a march that ended with a protester critically wounded by gunfire and the governor declared a state of emergency in the city. The man was not shot by police who had massed in riot gear to keep the marchers outside an upscale downtown hotel, Charlotte officials announced on Twitter. City officials originally announced the man was dead but later reversed that statement and said he was on life support. The second night of violent protests added Charlotte to the list of U.S. cities that have erupted in violence over the death of a black man at the hands of police. With officials refusing to release any video of the Tuesday shooting of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott, anger built as two starkly different versions emerged: Police say Scott disregarded repeated demands to drop his gun, while neighborhood residents say he was holding a book, not a weapon, as he waited for his son to get off the school bus. The killing inflamed racial tensions in a city that seemed to have steered clear of the troubles that engulfed other places. Gov. Pat McCrory announced late Wednesday he was accepting a request from Charlotte’s police chief, declaring a state of emergency and calling in the National Guard and state troopers to help restore order and protect downtown. Destructive protests Tuesday that included shutting down eight-lane Interstate 85 and burning the contents of a tractor-trailer turned violent Wednesday. Along with the man critically injured, paramedics said two other people and six police officers suffered minor injuries. Related Articles September 20, 2016 Police: Charlotte officer fatally shoots armed person September 21, 2016 Tulsa police videos leave out key details of shooting September 21, 2016 Protesters in North Carolina police shooting injure officers, shut highway Wednesday’s protest started as a downtown prayer vigil, but an angry group left the peaceful event and marched through downtown Charlotte. They shouted “black lives matter” and “hands up; don’t shoot” while cursing at officers with bicycles blocking intersections in Charlotte’s flashy and vibrant downtown. As the protesters approached the Omni hotel, officers in riot gear lined up outside arm in arm and a few marchers threw bottles and clods of dirt. Immediately after the shooting, police began firing flash grenades and protesters threw fireworks. Police then fired tear gas, and the crowd of hundreds dispersed. But not all the marchers left. Police in riot gear then began marching arm in arm through downtown Charlotte intersections, shooting tear gas at people who charged them. At least one protester knocked down a television reporter during a live shot and several other media outlets said on Twitter they had employees taken to hospitals. There were hints earlier Wednesday that Charlotte would suffer a second night of destruction. As Charlotte’s white mayor and black police chief stood at City Hall and appealed for calm, African-American leaders who said they were speaking for Scott’s family held their own news conference near where he was killed Tuesday, reminding the crowd of other shootings and abuses of black men. John Barnett, who runs a civil rights group called True Healing Under God, or THUG, warned that the video might be the only way for the police to regain the community’s trust: “Just telling us this is still under investigation is not good enough for the windows of the Wal-Mart.” On Tuesday night, dozens of demonstrators threw rocks at police and reporters, damaged squad cars, closed part of Interstate 85, and looted and set on fire a stopped truck. Authorities used tear gas to break up the protests. Sixteen officers suffered minor injuries. One person was arrested. The violence broke out shortly after a woman who appeared to be Scott’s daughter posted a profanity-laced, hourlong video on Facebook, saying her father had an unspecified disability and was unarmed. In the footage, she is at the cordoned-off shooting scene, yelling at officers. “My daddy is dead!” the woman screams on the video, which has not been authenticated by The Associated Press. On Wednesday morning, Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said: “It’s time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story’s a little bit different as to how it’s been portrayed so far, especially through social media.” The police chief said officers were serving arrest warrants on another person when they saw Scott get out of a vehicle with a handgun. A black plainclothes officer in a vest emblazoned “Police” shot Scott after the officer and other uniformed members of the force made “loud, clear” demands that he drop the gun, the chief said. Putney was adamant that Scott posed a threat, even if he didn’t point his weapon at officers, and said a gun was found next to the dead man. “I can tell you we did not find a book,” the chief said. Neighbors, though, said that the officer who fired was white and that Scott had his hands in the air. The three uniformed officers had body cameras; the plainclothes officer did not, police said. But the chief said he cannot release the video because the investigation is still underway. No cellphone video has emerged on social media, as happened in other cases around the country. The plainclothes officer, identified as Brently Vinson, a two-year member of the department, has been placed on leave, standard procedure in such cases. Chuck Burton, The Associated PressDemonstrators protest Tuesday’s fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte, N.C. on Sept. 21, 2016. Protesters rushed police in riot gear at a downtown Charlotte hotel and officers have fired tear gas to disperse the crowd. Scott has a lengthy criminal record, including convictions in Texas, North Carolina and South Carolina. Texas records showed he was convicted of evading arrest with a vehicle in 2005, and several months later, of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. The unrest took many by surprise in Charlotte, the banking capital of the South with a population of 830,000 people, about 35 percent of them black. The city managed to pull through a racially charged shooting three years ago without the unrest that erupted in recent years in such places as Baltimore, Milwaukee and Ferguson, Missouri. In 2013, Charlotte police charged one of their own, Randall Kerrick, with voluntary manslaughter days after the white officer shot an unarmed black man who had been in a wreck and was looking for help. The jury deadlocked and the charge was dropped last summer. There were a few protests but no violence. At the apartment complex where Scott was killed, some people who said they witnessed the shooting told their version with an air of certainty even when they were hundreds of yards away. Taheshia Williams said her balcony overlooks the shady parking spot where Scott was Tuesday afternoon. She said he often waited there for his son because a bicycle accident several years ago left him stuttering and susceptible to seizures if he stayed out in the hot sun too long. On Tuesday, she said, Scott had only a book in his hands and was following orders. “He got out of his car, he walked back to comply, and all his compliance did was get him murdered,” Williams said. Associated Press writers Tom Foreman Jr., Jonathan Drew, Martha Waggoner and Steve Reed contributed to this report. Tags:  North Carolina,  officer-involved shooting Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Nation World News Obama urges European leaders to work with Donald Trump November 18, 2016, 7:17 am President Barack Obama used a meeting with key European leaders Friday to urge them to work with the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump and to discuss steps necessary to resolve the conflicts in Syria and eastern Ukraine. Two moose locked antlers in a fight, then froze together in a stream November 17, 2016, 11:14 pm The sight of hulking moose isn’t uncommon in the region around Unalakleet, an Alaska town on the coast of the Bering Sea. But Brad Webster had never seen moose like this before. AP source: Donald Trump offers Michael Flynn national security adviser job November 17, 2016, 11:01 pm President-elect Donald Trump offered former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser as he began to build out his national security team Thursday, according to a senior Trump official. 73 killed in tanker explosion in Mozambique November 17, 2016, 5:02 pm JOHANNESBURG (AP) — A fuel tanker exploded in northern Mozambique as residents gathered around to buy fuel from the driver on Thursday, killing 73 people and injuring 110 others, Mozambican media reported. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all Previous Next Chilling video shows handsome stranger turned 'killer' laughing and flirting with student he picked up in a bar - just before he 'murdered her in a kiddie pool and chopped up and burned her body'  Jacqueline Vandagriff, 24, of Frisco, Texas, was identified after an autopsy Her burning body was found in Acorn Woods Park early on September 14   Charles Dean Bryant, 30, has been charged with capital murder in the case Bryant was seen leaving a bar with Vandagriff hours before her death  Bryant caught on security footage buying a shovel from Walmart at 4.41am It appeared someone tried to dig a whole in the backyard of Bryant's home Vandagriff's cell phone pinged at his house and her purse was found there Bryant was also arrested several times before meeting Vandagriff He was charged with stalking his 18-year-old ex-girlfriend of three months  By Regina F. Graham and Khaleda Rahman and Kalhan Rosenblatt For Dailymail.com Published: 19:57 EST, 21 September 2016 | Updated: 01:23 EST, 22 September 2016 e-mail 1.4k shares 359 View comments A chilling surveillance video shows a Texas college student with the man suspected of killing her at a bar hours before she was found murdered in a kiddie pool, dismembered and burned. Jacqueline Vandagriff, 24, was found burned and dismembered in Acorn Woods Park at around 6.30am on September 14 as a witness told police they saw a man standing over the fire before leaving. Grapevine police arrested Charles Dean Bryant, 30, near his house in Haslet and charged him with capital murder. He is being held on a $1million bond. Grapevine Police Sgt. Robery Eberling said Vandagriff was last seen leaving a bar in Denton with Bryant at around 11pm on Tuesday. The surveillance video shows Vandagriff, who was student at Texas Woman's University, meeting Bryant on September 13 at a bar in Denton.  Video shows her sitting on a bar stool while drinking from a beverage and chatting with Bryant, who stood nearby.  At one point, she passes him her drink to share, before they disappeared off camera together.   Scroll down for video  Jacqueline Vandagriff, a Texas college student who was found murdered in a park, was recorded on surveillance video (above) leaving two bars with the man who is accused of killing her Grapevine Police Sgt. Robery Eberling said Vandagriff was last seen leaving a bar in Denton with Charles Dean Bryant (pictured together above) at around 11pm on Tuesday Vandagriff (left) was found burned and dismembered in a Texas park this week. Charles Dean Bryant (right) is charged with her murder and is being held on $1million bond They are pictured together at another bar on video before leaving together at approximately 9.45pm.   Eberling said it's unclear if the two knew each other before meeting that night.  One day after Vandagriff was found murdered in the park, a tweet mysteriously appeared on her Twitter account. 'Never knew I could feel like this', the tweet posted to Vandagriff's Twitter said on September 15.  Vandagriff, of Frisco, was identified after an autopsy by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner following the grim discovery. Grapevine police then arrested Bryant near his house, which is about 20 miles from where Vandagriff's body was found. Before leaving together, the pair was recorded on surveillance video drinking beverages together before placing the cups down After officers worked around-the-clock to investigate the case in several cities in north Texas, they arrested Bryant at around 2.30pm on Sunday.  Around 6.45pm on September 13, Vandagriff tweeted: 'I'm glad I decided to get off tinder and walked to a bar.' At 8.20pm, Bryant posted to Facebook saying, 'Just walking in the rain.. emo as f***'. Bryant, who CBS News reports as having worked at gay dance club the Urban Cowboy Saloon in Fort Worth, was seen in security footage going to two bars in Denton with Vandagriff. First they are seen in footage leaving Fry Street Public House and later down the road leaving the Shots and Crafts bar together around 11pm. First they are seen in security footage leaving Fry Street Public House (pictured) and later down the road leaving the Shots and Crafts bar together around 11pm Bryant was later spotted in security footage buying a shovel from a Walmart at 4.41am on September 14 ‘We were able to talk to employees of that bar and they have us a name of a suspect, and we just followed the trail from there,’ Grapevine police Sgt. Robert Eberling said.  Then at 10.56pm, Bryant posts on Facebook again saying: 'Teach you tricks that will blow your mind.' The statement is a lyric from the TV On The Radio song 'Wolf Like Me', which is about sex. According to an arrest warrant, cell phone records show Vandagriff's phone was in the vicinity of Bryant's house around 1am that night, CBS News reported.  Vandagriff's purse was also found in the trash at Bryant's home.  Authorities say Vandagriff's purse was found in the trash at Bryant's home (pictured)   A day after her murder, a tweet appeared to Vandagriff's Twitter account, which said: 'Never knew I could feel like this' Earlier in the night Vandagriff posted on Twitter that she was glad she got off the dating app Tinder and went to a bar A day after her death, this eerie tweet appeared on Vandagriff's Facebook page. Police are investigating the tweet after they were made aware. The 24-year-old's purse was found in a garbage can at Bryant's house  At 4.41am, Bryant is caught on security footage buying a shovel from a Walmart, according to police.  There was evidence at his home in Haslet that someone had tried to dig a hole in the backyard. Investigators also noticed there was a patch in the backyard, which indicated a kiddie pool had been placed there.  Another kiddie pool, similar to the one Vandagriff was found in, was in the backyard.  Bryant's roommate told police there used to be two kiddie pools - but only one was there when police arrived. Two days after her murder, Bryant posted to Facebook saying: 'Full moon.. lets see what trouble I can get into'. In the time between Vandagriff's death and Bryant's arrest, the 30-year-old visited two parks, one at 6am, writing: 'Early mornings and sleepless nights but she got you feeling alright.' At 11.56pm on the night he allegedly murdered Vandagriff, Bryant posted this status to Facebook Days later, he posted a tweet about the full moon and said 'let's see what trouble I can get into' He also posted once about 'detesting liars' and another time saying: 'Never let anyone else dictate your life, if you're happy and aren't hurting anyone, other people's opinions don't matter be it family, friends, strangers.  'Do what you want, Love who you want, Live your life!!' Bryant had been arrested several times in the days leading up to Vandagriff's death. According to the Dallas Morning News, Bryant's 18-year-old ex-girlfriend - a student at University of North Texas - had broken up with him on August 23. The day after the breakup, Bryant showed up at his ex-girlfriend's dorm. The woman, who he had dated for three months, called the police. Bryant was given a criminal trespass warning on August 25.  Vandagriff's body was found in a kiddie pool similar to one found in Bryant's backyard. Bryant's roommate said there had recently been two kiddie pools in the backyard where there is now only one Just days before he was seen with Vandagriff, Bryant had been arrested several times for allegedly stalking his ex-girlfriend Then, on August 31, he then showed up at the restaurant where his ex-girlfriend worked and asked to be seated in her section.  She called the police and they told him to stop contact or he would be arrested. Then on September 6, Bryant showed up on the doorstep of his ex-girlfriend's dorm and said he had something for her.  She called police and he was arrested and charged with criminal trespass and taken to the Denton County Jail. He was released the next day and returned to the dorm where he was arrested again and charged with stalking. He posted bail on September 9.   A witness who saw the fire in this park after Vandagriff's murder said they saw a man standing over it. Above police investigate the crime scene According to his Facebook page, Bryant works at Procore Fitness.  However, Eberling said Bryant had worked at the gay dance club but had been fired on Sunday for not showing up for his shift. The Vandagriff family released a statement thanking the ‘extraordinary efforts’ of the Grapevine police department, FBI and all law enforcement agencies who assisted in the investigation. ‘We would also like to thank our friends, family and the friends of our daughter Jackie for all their support in this difficult time,’ the statement added. Vandagriff was a junior at Texas Woman’s University in Denton, KDFW reported. Vandagriff was a junior at Texas Woman’s University in Denton. Above police investigate the crime scene The school’s Vice President for Student Life Monica Mendez-Grant paid tribute to Vandagriff in a statement on the school’s website. ‘The death of a student affects the entire TWU community, and I know that all of us send our deepest sympathy to Jacqueline's family and friends,’ she said. ‘Jacqueline exemplified the spirit of learning and service that is the hallmark of our TWU community. ‘She lived her life with a desire to serve others through her interest in nutrition.’    Read more: Body Found in Grapevine Park Identified, Police Announce Arrest | NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth Jacqueline Vandagriff case: Tweet made from slain student's account day after her dismembered remains found - CBS News TV ON THE RADIO LYRICS - Wolf Like Me www.dallasnews.c... Dismembered Grapevine body identified; suspect arrested - Story | KDFW Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.4k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B is 'frustrated' talking about Spice Girls reunion with Emma and Geri... and that it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear'  Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying Married substitute teacher's aide, 42, 'had sexual contact including oral sex with two male high school students - and made her husband drive one home after a tryst' 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Out of the shadows for the first time in 45 years, the disfigured hermit who hid away from society aged 15 but now faces his demons to pay respects to late Thai king  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 40° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today A good deal of sunshine. High 74F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 47F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 4:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Close 1 of 8 Photo courtesy of Michael Prince The Switzer sisters — from left, Sarah (Tamara White), Sandy (Ali Dougherty) and Sally (Jennifer Prince) — are looking for love but find land development drama in “The Sisters of Seven Oaks.” Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Mr. Samuels (Jay Stodder) and his grandson, Jimmy (Chayce Perliss) in a scene from "The Sisters of Seven Oaks," opening Friday at Gaslight Melodrama. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Jimmy (Chayce Perliss) has big dreams beyond helping his grandfather (played by Jay Stodder) in “The Sisters of Seven Oaks,” opening Friday at Gaslight Melodrama. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Sally Switzer (Jennifer Prince) finds there's more to life than landing a good husband in "The Sisters of Seven Oaks" at Gaslight Melodrama. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Sarah Switzer (Tamara White) uncovers some bad news as sisters Sandy (Ali Dougherty) and Sandy (Jennifer Prince) react in the background in a scene from "The Sisters of Seven Oaks" at the Gaslight Melodrama. Photos courtesy of Michael Prince Morgan Merriweather (Don Kruszka, right) discusses his grand development plans with his assistant, Brad (Garret Lawrence), in a scene from “The Sisters of Seven Oaks. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Sandy Switzer (Ali Dougherty) chats with neighbor Mr. Samuels (Jay Stodder) in a scene from Gaslight Melodrama's "The Sisters of Seven Oaks." Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Morgan Merriweather (Don Kruszka, right) has big plans for southwest Bakersfield as he tells his assistant, Brad (Garret Lawrence), in a scene from "The Sisters of Seven Oaks," opening Friday at Gaslight Melodrama. Don't miss out on this 'Sisters' act BY STEFANI DIAS sdias@bakersfield.com sdias Sep 21, 2016 0 Photo courtesy of Michael Prince The Switzer sisters — from left, Sarah (Tamara White), Sandy (Ali Dougherty) and Sally (Jennifer Prince) — are looking for love but find land development drama in “The Sisters of Seven Oaks.” Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Mr. Samuels (Jay Stodder) and his grandson, Jimmy (Chayce Perliss) in a scene from "The Sisters of Seven Oaks," opening Friday at Gaslight Melodrama. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Jimmy (Chayce Perliss) has big dreams beyond helping his grandfather (played by Jay Stodder) in “The Sisters of Seven Oaks,” opening Friday at Gaslight Melodrama. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Sally Switzer (Jennifer Prince) finds there's more to life than landing a good husband in "The Sisters of Seven Oaks" at Gaslight Melodrama. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Sarah Switzer (Tamara White) uncovers some bad news as sisters Sandy (Ali Dougherty) and Sandy (Jennifer Prince) react in the background in a scene from "The Sisters of Seven Oaks" at the Gaslight Melodrama. Photos courtesy of Michael Prince Morgan Merriweather (Don Kruszka, right) discusses his grand development plans with his assistant, Brad (Garret Lawrence), in a scene from “The Sisters of Seven Oaks. Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Sandy Switzer (Ali Dougherty) chats with neighbor Mr. Samuels (Jay Stodder) in a scene from Gaslight Melodrama's "The Sisters of Seven Oaks." Photo courtesy of Michael Prince Morgan Merriweather (Don Kruszka, right) has big plans for southwest Bakersfield as he tells his assistant, Brad (Garret Lawrence), in a scene from "The Sisters of Seven Oaks," opening Friday at Gaslight Melodrama. In the real Seven Oaks, residents are planning a dance night at the country club and seeing which neighbor is growing the nicest roses. But in Gaslight Melodrama’s version of the southwest Bakersfield community, which hits the stage Friday night, there is bigger drama brewing. The titular characters of “The Sisters of Seven Oaks” are the Switzers, three sisters who would like nothing more than to meet Mr. Right and start a family in their tony neighborhood. But plans change for Sally (Jennifer Prince), Sarah (Tamara White) and Sandy (Ali Dougherty) when they uncover the plans of developer Morgan Merriweather (Don Kruszka). With the aid of assistant Brad (Garret Lawrence), Merriweather plans to to turn Seven Oaks into the “biggest Super Walmart the world has ever seen.” “It’s a really zany over-the-top, fast-paced comedy,” Prince said. “The idea of it is obviously pretty grand. That is the fun of it. That anybody in all reality would be able to afford to buy every house in Seven Oaks.” And from the actresses’ camaraderie to the neighbors, Prince said everyone “grabbed onto their roles.” He pointed out Jay Stodder’s great work as the doddering Mr. Samuels, whose grandson Jimmy (Chayce Perliss) serves as his caretaker. “He’s absolutely fantastic as Mr. Samuels. He went above and beyond in making that character, who forgets things a lot and repeats things.” Since the show runs until Nov. 12, there is a bit of a Halloween in the mix with the second act taking place on Halloween night with everyone in their costumes. Prince said his voiceover narration in the show adds a touch of spookiness as well. “It sets the tone at the very beginning that something bad is happening.” The show is followed by the new vaudeville revue “My Big Fat Weedpatch Wedding” by musical director Warren Dobson. Prince said Dobson occasionally “gets one of his grand visions” and departs from the standard revue to a short musical play like “Santa of the Opera” or “Remedial High School Musical.” Dobson said since the Melodrama has so often used Oildale and Shafter as the butt of its jokes in the past, he ventured south to Weedpatch. “About time they got some recognition, eh?” he wrote in an email. “Weedpatch” focuses on the Tucker family — dad Lloyd, mom Mary Lou, son Joe Bob and twin daughters Fran and Jan. When Fran’s boyfriend proposes, calamity ensues at the family’s business, Lloyd’s Peking Palace, Donut Shop and Hardware Emporium. Dobson said when writing, “the more extreme and outlandish it becomes, the better.” “Ultimately, our audiences are going to see a wedding unlike any they’ve ever seen before. And they don’t even have to bring a gift.” "The Sisters of Seven Oaks" When: 7 p.m. Friday and Saturday, 2 p.m. Sunday, runs through Nov. 12 Where: Gaslight Melodrama, 12748 Jomani Drive. Admission: $25, $23 seniors, $14 children Information: 587-3377 sdias Follow sdias Close Get email notifications on sdias daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever sdias posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow sdias Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Local Video Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Bakersfield Marathon to close streets down Sunday Fair official fudged auction doc: 'I thought I was helping' LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session Festive first Bakersfield Marathon has late start, quiet finish Valley fever cases spike. Is it the weather? Goh wins Bakersfield mayoral race KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus HOLLY CULHANE: Tread carefully: Prop. 64 creates workplace minefield LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water injection nothing to fear Images Videos Commented LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance (14) How do we convince anti-oil activists our water is safe? (7) KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session (6) KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus (6) LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water injection nothing to fear (6) Community Voices: KHSD board is dead wrong about guns on campus (5) Community Voices: Bakersfield is drowning in debt (5) Why Lyle Martin should be our next BPD chief (4) Before gun vote, KHSD receives flood of concern from teachers (4) Kern County Counsel Theresa Goldner resigns abruptly (4) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Live Event 4 mins ago WATCH LIVE: Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan opens the Halifax International Security Forum World September 21, 2016 6:03 pm Updated: September 22, 2016 11:07 am Charlotte protests: Family will be allowed to watch video of Keith Scott shooting By Jeffrey Collins The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: Charlotte mayor on protests overnight: This is not the Charlotte we know What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen CHARLOTTE, N.C. – Charlotte’s police chief said Thursday he plans to show video of an officer shooting a black man to the slain man’s family, but the video won’t be immediately released to the public. Charlottte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters during a news conference that the video does not definitively show 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott pointing a gun at anyone. ‘I was wiping off his blood’: witnesses react to shooting of Charlotte protester 01:25 ‘I was wiping off his blood’: witnesses react to shooting of Charlotte protester 04:15 ‘Police just lost control of the city’: journalist describes chaos during Charlotte protests 00:53 National Guard arrives in Charlotte after state of emergency declared 01:05 Violence erupts after peaceful candlelight vigil in Charlotte, NC 00:08 Charlotte protester uses bench to smash store windows 00:55 Video alleges to show Charlotte protester flashing gun at demonstrators 00:44 Charlotte police warn protesters to disperse 00:25 NY protesters march in support of Charlotte demonstrators Putney said he is working to honour the request from the family of Scott to view the video. It’s unclear when or if the video might be released publicly. “Right now my priority is the people who really are the victims of the shooting,” Putney said. “I’m telling you right now if you think I say we should display a victim’s worst day for consumption, that is not the transparency I’m speaking of.” The video could be key to resolving the chasm between police, who say Scott refused repeated commands to drop his gun, and residents who say he was unarmed. WATCH: Police officer in riot gear charges, takes down protester in Charlotte, NC Story continues below Residents say Scott was unarmed, holding only a book, and disabled by a brain injury. But it’s unclear what the body cameras worn by three officers who were present during the shooting during the shooting may have captured. The plainclothes officer who shot Scott, Brently Vinson, was not wearing a camera. He has been placed on leave, standard procedure in such cases. Vinson is black, As officials tried to quell the unrest, at least three major businesses were asking their employees to stay home for the day as the city remained on edge. Mayor Jennifer Roberts told ABC’s “Good Morning America” that officials were considering a curfew, and she said in an interview with NPR that the timing of the video’s release depends on how the investigation progresses. A protester is taken into custody by Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officers in North Carolina, Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2016. Jeff Siner/The Charlotte Observer via AP When asked if officials shouldn’t be more transparent, she said: “The transparency would be helpful if the footage is clear and if it covers all the different parts of what happened that evening. Since I haven’t seen it, I’m not certain of that and that may be the case. There were a couple of different body cameras, there was a dash camera, but as you know sometimes those can be not clear.” North Carolina has a law that takes effect Oct. 1 requiring a judge to approve releasing police video, and Police Chief Kerr Putney said he doesn’t release video when a criminal investigation is ongoing. READ MORE: Protests erupt in Charlotte after police fatally shoot man they say was armed The streets were mostly quiet Thursday, but Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Duke Energy all told employees not to venture into North Carolina’s largest city after Gov. Pat McCrory declared a state of emergency Wednesday night and called in the National Guard after the police chief said he needed the help. The North Carolina National Guard arrived at a Charlotte armoury early Thursday, and Guard vehicles left the armoury about 8 a.m. Federal help also is on the way, with the Justice Department sending to Charlotte a team of trained peacekeepers designed to help resolve community conflict. The department’s Community Relations Service has been deployed to other cities roiled by tense flare-ups between police and residents. UNREST ERUPTS OUTSIDE HOTEL CNN correspondent just taken down by protestor during live hit #CharlotteProtest pic.twitter.com/UHo3T2nLbM — Andy Cook (@andytoddcook) September 22, 2016 A peaceful prayer vigil Wednesday night turned into an angry march and then a night of violence after a protester was shot and critically wounded as people charged police in riot gear trying to protect an upscale hotel in Charlotte’s typically vibrant downtown. Police did not shoot the man, city officials said. Video obtained and verified by The Associated Press, which was recorded right after the shooting, shows someone lying in a pool of blood as people scream and a voice yells for someone to call for help. People are then told to back up from the scene. Blood covers the pavement where a person was shot in uptown Charlotte, NC during a protest of the police shooting of Keith Scott, September 21, 2016. Reuters/Jason Miczek The unrest took many by surprise in Charlotte, the banking capital of the South with a population of 830,000 people, about 35 per cent of them black. The city managed to pull through a racially charged shooting three years ago without the unrest that erupted in recent years in places such as Baltimore, Milwaukee and Ferguson, Missouri. READ MORE: Terence Crutcher shooting: Social media mourns death of another unarmed black man In 2013, Charlotte police charged one of their own, Randall Kerrick with voluntary manslaughter within days, after the white officer shot an unarmed black man who had been in a wreck and was looking for help. The jury deadlocked and the charge was dropped last summer. The city saw a few protests but no violence. WATCH: A police-involved fatal shooting of a black man on Tuesday has left the city of Charlotte, NC on edge On Wednesday, hundreds of protesters who were shouting “black lives matter” and “hands up, don’t shoot” left after police fired flash grenades and tear gas after the shooting. But several groups of a dozen or more protesters stayed behind, attacking people, including reporters, shattering windows to hotels, office buildings and restaurants and setting small fires. The NASCAR Hall of Fame was among the places damaged. Authorities said three people and four police officers were injured. Videos and pictures on Twitter showed reporters and other people being attacked. “He got out of his car, he walked back to comply, and all his compliance did was get him murdered,” said Taheshia Williams, whose balcony overlooks the shady parking spot where Scott was Tuesday afternoon. She said he often waited there for his son because a bicycle accident several years ago left him stuttering and susceptible to seizures if he stayed out in the hot sun too long. Putney, the police chief, was angered by the stories on social media, especially a profanity-laced, hourlong video on Facebook, where a woman identifying herself as Scott’s daughter screamed “My daddy is dead!” at officers at the shooting scene and repeating that he was only holding a book. Putney was adamant that Scott posed a threat, even if he didn’t point his weapon at officers, and said a gun was found next to the dead man. He also said: “I can tell you we did not find a book.” LIVE BLOG: Governor of North Carolina declares state of emergency after violent protests   Andrew Russell September 22, 201611:15 am WATCH: Charlotte Police still won’t release video showing shooting of Keith Lamont Scott Andrew Russell September 22, 201611:15 am WATCH: Charlotte Police Chief says National Guard called in to protect property, infrastructure Andrew Russell September 22, 201611:15 am WATCH: Charlotte Police Chief offers timeline of protests, riots Wednesday night Adam Frisk September 22, 201611:01 am In terms of a curfew for Thursday’s night, police chief says “we see a need to shut the city down.” Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:57 am Police chief explained that he will not release the video to “the masses,” at this time. Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:55 am Police chief said the family of Keith Lamont Scott has requested to see video footage of the fatal shooting and investigators “are working to accommodate that request.” Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:50 am The mayor is urging for “peace and calm and let the investigation take its course.” Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:49 am “The events of last night are not the Charlotte we know and love,” Mayor Jennifer Roberts said. Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:46 am The police chief said the National Guard will assist in protecting buildings to prevent further property damage. Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:45 am 44 people were arrested as a result of the protest and several civilians were injured. Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:43 am “We had a lot of looting, a lot of property damage,” police chief said. Adam Frisk September 22, 201610:42 am At a morning press conference, Charlotte police chief said a person who was shot during Wednesday night’s violent protest remains in critical condition. Andrew Russell September 22, 20169:34 am A man stands on a car in uptown Charlotte, NC to protest the police shooting of Keith Scott, in Charlotte, North Carolina, U.S. September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Miczek Andrew Russell September 22, 20169:27 am WATCH: Charlotte protester uses bench to smash store windows Andrew Russell September 22, 20169:27 am WATCH: National Guard arrives in Charlotte after state of emergency declared. Andrew Russell September 22, 20169:27 am People run from flash-bang grenades in uptown Charlotte, NC during a protest of the police shooting of Keith Scott, in Charlotte, North Carolina, U.S. September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Miczek Andrew Russell September 22, 20169:23 am A man peers through the damage to the Hyatt House hotel in uptown Charlotte, NC that happened during a protest of the police shooting of Keith Scott, in Charlotte, North Carolina. Andrew Russell September 22, 20169:19 am WATCH: ‘I was wiping off his blood’: witnesses react to shooting of Charlotte protester Andrew Russell September 22, 20169:19 am WATCH: Charlotte protesters come to the aid of demonstrator in wheelchair © 2016 The Canadian Press Report an error Black Lives Matter Charlotte police shooting Charlotte Protests Charlotte Shooting Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Keith Lamont Scott Keith Lamont Scott shooting North Carolina police shooting North Carolina Protests Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Expert weighs in on 14-year-old girl who wins right to be cryogenically frozen WATCH NOW Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
null
3 Key Facts About the Charlotte Police Shooting Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Donate Subscribe Search Newsletter Magazine Politics Environment Media Crime and Justice Food Guns Dark Money Photos Investigations Podcasts Kevin Drum About Subscribe Donate Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Politics Environment Food Media Crime & Justice Photos Investigations Magazine Subscribe Donate 3 Key Facts About the Charlotte Police Shooting And the latest on Tuesday night's protests and growing outrage. Edwin RiosSep. 21, 2016 5:58 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Jeff Siner/TNS/Charlotte Observer/ZUMA Violent protests erupted in Charlotte late Tuesday night after a police officer fatally shot Keith Lamont Scott, a 43-year-old black man, in the parking lot of an apartment complex earlier in the day. Sixteen police officers were injured during the protests, which included demonstrators blockading a busy highway and looting tractor trailers and a Walmart. At a Wednesday news conference, Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said they'd been searching for a person with an outstanding warrant when they noticed Scott leaving his car with a gun in hand. After officers approached and gave him verbal warnings, police said that Scott left the car and posed "an imminent deadly threat." He was then shot by a black officer named Brentley Vinson, who was not wearing a body camera at the time. In a video later posted on social media, a woman claiming to be Scott's daughter said that he was unarmed and was instead holding a book. Putney rejected that claim, saying that officers recovered a gun at the scene, not a book. (Meanwhile, Vinson has been placed on administrative leave while the department investigates.) The mood was quiet on Wednesday afternoon, though officials anticipated another tense evening. Scott's shooting came just four days after Terrence Crutcher, a 40-year-old unarmed black man, was fatally shot outside his vehicle by a Tulsa police officer. The Justice Department opened a civil rights investigation into Crutcher's death, and on Wednesday, US Attorney General Lorretta Lynch said in remarks at the International Bar Association annual conference that the department was "assessing" the incident surrounding Scott's death. Here are three things to know about the Scott shooting and the fallout on Wednesday: Body cam footage: Last September, Charlotte-Mecklenburg police announced it would issue body cameras to all patrol officers in an attempt to increase transparency during confrontations. The directive granted exceptions for officers on the SWAT team and those in tactical units who apprehend violent criminals, citing cost and safety concerns. The Charlotte Observer reported that Charlotte-Mecklenburg officers had fatally shot four people between September 2015 and May 2016, yet only one of those incidents was caught on camera.   Putney told reporters at Wednesday's press conference that dashcam footage was under review and had recorded parts of the police confrontation with Scott. Because it was part of the investigation, he said, the department wouldn't release the footage at this time. In July, North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory signed into law a bill that made it more difficult to get public access to such footage. Local police departments can decide to release recordings if they want, but if they decline to do so a judge's order is required. The American Civil Liberties Union's North Carolina chapter has called on Charlotte police to release the footage from the scene, arguing that the new law doesn't go into effect until October 1.   Charlotte police's recent history: In September 2013, a white Charlotte police officer named Randall Kerrick shot and killed Jonathan Ferrell, a 24-year-old unarmed black man and former college football player, while he was looking for help after a car accident. Kerrick was charged with voluntary manslaughter. Last August, a North Carolina judge declared a mistrial after four days of jury deliberation, and authorities opted not to pursue a retrial. Meanwhile, as my former colleague Jaeah Lee wrote in our May/June 2016 issue, the Charlotte-Mecklenburg PD has been part of a University of Chicago experiment that uses data to identify troublesome cops—those who are likely to abuse their power or break the law—and anticipate future police misconduct. Calls for an economic boycott: At a press conference on Wednesday, a group of civil rights activists questioned the police's narrative of events. B.J. Murphy, a representative of the Nation of Islam and longtime Charlotte resident, called on black Charlotte residents to boycott local businesses to "let everybody feel the pain economically of what we feel physically when you kill us." "Since black lives do not matter for this city, then our black dollars shouldn't matter," Murphy said. "We're watching a modern-day lynching on social media, on television, and it is affecting the psyche of black people. That's what you saw last night." Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Edwin Rios Edwin Rios is a reporter at Mother Jones. Reach him at erios@motherjones.com. Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism. Related That "Bad Dude" Tulsa Police Gunned Down "Was a Father," a "Son," and a Student How Science Could Help Prevent Police Shootings Jaeah Lee Top News Sessions’ Anti-Immigration Influence Will Go Far Beyond His Role as Attorney General Pema Levy Conservative Lawyers Conference: a Job Fair for the Trump Administration? Stephanie Mencimer Top Chef Star Tom Colicchio Thinks Trump Is in for a Huge Surprise Tom Philpott SIGN UP view comments About Us | Store Donate | Subscribe Customer Service Advertise Copyright ©2016 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few bucks. DONATE X
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk John Geddes Scott Gilmore Jonathon Gatehouse Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Martin Patriquin Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Talking points: On open court and Brangelina’s divorce Speed read the news with our Talking Points round-up—our short takes on the week’s news—and sound like the smartest person in the room. macleans.ca September 21, 2016 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Actress Tatiana Maslany holds her award for Outstanding Lead Actress In A Drama Series for “Orphan Black” as she mingles at the Governors Ball after the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles, California U.S., September 18, 2016. (Lucy Nicholson/Reuters) Open court Canadians should look at the Travis Vader murder trial as a template for all court proceedings, not because of the guilty verdict, and certainly not because the judge cited a section of the Criminal Code of which portions were declared unconstitutional, but because anyone could watch it unfold live online. There are notable reasons to keep parts of a trial off-camera—the privacy of certain witnesses being one—but there is no reason why judges should not deliver a verdict as transparently as possible for all to watch from anywhere in the world. Openness is a cornerstone of our legal system and it should be embraced in a social media age—be it via Facebook Live, Periscope or even old-fashioned TV. The public should have the right to watch what goes into a judge’s decision, and see for themselves that justice is being served. Along for the ride The driverless future will soon be upon us. This week, Uber unveiled a pilot project using self-driving cars, and not to be left behind, the co-founder of its ride-sharing competitor, Lyft, said that within five years self-driving cars will make up the majority of its rides. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart has applied for a patent on self-driving shopping carts that can congregate together, and stop clogging up parking spaces. Now, if they can find a way to fix all the carts with wonky wheels. Canada’s latest export Canada’s private refugee sponsorship model is so successful that it could soon become a popular export. The Liberals announced a partnership with the United Nations and billionaire investor George Soros to help other nations emulate Canada’s program. The model isn’t perfect—an outpouring of support by Canadians strained the ability to process so many newcomers at once—but to put resettlement in the hands of well-meaning citizens is both a smart and effective use of a country’s most valuable resource: its people. #EmmysSoProud While the Oscars have gone two years without a single visible minority nominated in a lead or supporting acting category, the recent Emmys were a welcome change. One-quarter of acting nominations went to non-white actors and Rami Malek’s win for Best Actor in a Drama (Mr. Robot) broke an 18-year winning streak for non-minorities in the category. Hollywood was chuffed. As Emmy host Jimmy Kimmel joked: “The only thing we value more than diversity is congratulating ourselves on how diverse we are.” In the red The Bank of International Settlements (BIS), the so-called central bank for central banks, warned that the ratio of household and corporate debt to GDP in China has soared 30 per cent above its long-run average, and that this “credit gap” is the highest recorded for the nation since 1995. Generally, anything above 10 per cent is considered a warning sign of an impending banking crisis. But we shouldn’t feel smug. Not only would a banking crisis in China have huge implications for the resource-dependent Canadian economy, the BIS also called out two other countries for being in the danger zone earlier this year: Turkey (16 per cent) and—you guessed it—Canada (12 per cent). Phoenix sinking The new centralized payroll and pension system for every federal government department, called Phoenix, suffered its latest embarrassment after “storage space issues” led to a system outage for several hours. In recent months, the plagued payroll system has overpaid some workers on occasion and forgotten to pay others altogether, all while the price tag to simply fix it could now run upwards of $50 million. Fortunately for government workers, the most recent issue was rectified before payday on Wednesday. Otherwise, there would have been hell to pay. The other elections Few countries embraced refugees more during the recent crisis than Germany, but Chancellor Angela Merkel is paying a political price. In recent state elections in Berlin, Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union party slumped to 17 per cent of the vote, while the far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany party earned 14 per cent. Looking for more bad election news? Vladimir Putin’s United Russia party won three-quarters of the seats in that country’s parliament after an election with a record low turnout. In Moscow, only 28 per cent of eligible voters bothered to turn up. No matter: Putin’s approval rating is still 83 per cent. Also, Trump. Hollywood heartbreak Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from Brad Pitt, reportedly over conflicting parenting styles for their six children. The break-up of “Brangelina”—their celebrity couple nickname—comes after 10 years of dating, two years of marriage and countless tabloid cover stories. How much did this news shake up Los Angeles? Moments after the story broke, a 3.1-magnitude earthquake hit the city. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Editor's Picks talking points travis vader Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Saying goodnight to the grocer of despair Next Meet Maclean’s 2016 Parliamentarians of the Year Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Talking Points: Of stealthy cops and syrup-heist flops Trump Daily: Will the president-elect 'drain the swamp'? What will Donald Trump do for the 'lock her up' crowd? Discover the hidden talents of Canada's faculty and staff The part-time conundrum: An undergrad degree shouldn’t be a race Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   Donald Trump could happen in Canada. It’s already begun. 28 comments It has risen: Is this the key to growing Protestant churches? 15 comments University Rankings 2017 3 comments Why was an Air Canada plane circling near Victoria? 1 comment Canada’s race problem? It’s even worse than America’s. 173 comments Inside the mind of Trump’s Canadian speechwriter 1 comment 2017 Program Rankings 3 comments Letters: ‘You smug and arrogant eastern Liberal elites’ 1 comment University rankings Canada 2017: Comprehensive 3 comments Trump is a changed man? Don’t bet on it. 17 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
RSS   Free Trial Home   Advertise   About   Contact Subscribe   Sign In The Glasgow Courier - Serving Proudly As The Voice Of Valley County Since 1913 Reader Comments (0)  Print   Home News Opinion Obituaries Sports Calendar Classifieds & Real Estate Special Sections Advertise By Alec Carmichael I Digress  Arguing the Minimum Wage   September 21, 2016 | Volume 103/Number 38 So when I consider the following realities I am overwhelmed by irrational emotions and I tend to overreact but here goes. First, how do we justify paying people wages they can’t live off of? Seriously, how many of you privileged people out there would work 40 hours a week at anything for $8.00 an hour? Trick question… none of you. The second, why do we allow employers to pay so little? If people have jobs and can’t live off their salary, where do they turn? Oh yeah, they turn to Uncle Sam for help. As a result, by allowing employers to not pay livable wages we, the taxpayers, end up paying the difference for their employees; ergo we subsidize business owners and CEO salaries. Ok go ahead roll your eyes I, the Libertarian, am making the case for minimum wage? What a yuppy hypocrite! Hell yeah I’ll be a bleeding heart liberal for this cause! I’m not naïve, I know some things wont happen unless the government steps in and makes them. I’m a realistic Libertarian who values people too much not to. Why do I believe this? People are greedy that’s why. So there you have it. I have an ulterior motive as well though; I want to stop paying for those lazy half-witted CEO’s who make millions off of employees who have to turn to the government for help. Seriously though if we increase minimum wage, so that everyone can make some semblance of a livable wage we could cut food stamps, public housing, aid programs, decrease poverty, reduce incentives for illicit trades, like drug and human trafficking, and so much more just by making the business owners cover their employees basic life necessities, and taking the burden off of us the taxpayers. In turn, we would save millions in government bureaucracies by reducing reliance on those programs (my libertarian roots coming out yet?), and increase productivity leading to more wealth and the potential for great economic gains. Wait I’m confused are those not conservative principles I just listed? Honestly, why does that not make sense? Undoubtedly someone out there is screaming at me, “You are going to drive the small businesses out of town!” No my friend… I am not. In all likelihood I will increase the cost of living but that is debatable, as Seattle has seen no such dramatic occurrence as markets are dramatically larger than the bottom consumers who suffer at minimum wage and no apocalyptic exodus of businesses has occurred in the region, as was predicted by the prophecies of CEOs and “respectable” business moguls, but I digress. What I really want to ask here is why do we subsidize millionaires at the expense of human dignity? According to Jenny Che, associate business editor for the Huffington Post in an Aug. 2015 article, “Walmart chief Doug McMillon… made $25.6 million last year, about 1,133 times the median employee’s [salary of] $22,591.” In other words he made $25.6 million while the bulk of his employees lived near the poverty line. Seriously and we paid for them to survive while he undoubtedly bought a yacht. Now here they come, the petty arguments like “but they are working at Walmart they don’t deserve it!” So? Some of you work utterly useless jobs and get paid far more than you are worth, because you have to do the job and someone needs you to do the job. The value is placed on your marketability and the human need for it. Unfortunately many people working low-wage jobs have not been set up for job success by a snow-ball of systemic failures, and thus get taken advantage of. I think we as a society would be hard up without retail establishments, no? So these people do perform a valuable service to society. How many of you eat at restaurants? Still want to say the people feeding you don’t deserve a good wage, but you rely on them for your own needs? Even if that wasn’t the case wouldn’t they deserve it out of the dignity of being people who have needs? So if the fact that we would save on government spending doesn’t sway you, or the fact that we could stop helping millionaires become billionaires doesn’t sway you, then maybe the fact that you are a human being capable of empathy will work. Imagine you know an under-paid mother who ended up dropping out of college when her first child came along, and was left by the uninterested boyfriend who wanted and, fortunately for him, had the chance to pursue his dreams. The mother who is hoping she can pay her electric bill, or buy healthy food for her kids, or pay for gas to get to work at her two jobs needed to pay for just the basics. Could she sway you? I’m all for the work hard and take care of business model, but I’m not for robbing people of dignity or helping the greedy get rich at the expense of those who want to make some piece of the American dream for themselves but are not given those opportunities. Thats not liberty and it sure as heck is not Montanan. You might be interested in: Guns, God and Land Let's Protect Our Public Schools Listen to the Quiet: Part 2 Memories of Gardening Which Side Are You On?   MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. HLRC Adds, Replaces Board M... 2. Grainery's Stockpiles of Wh... 3. Table for Six Expands Palet... 4. Standing Up at Standing Rock 5. Letter to the Editor MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     The Glasgow Courier | 341 Third Avenue South, Glasgow, MT 59230 Ph: (406) 228-9301 | courier@nemont.net | www.glasgowcourier.com Content and information copyright 2016 Glasgow Courier, Inc. Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2016 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap   Privacy   Terms of Use   Submit Content   Mobile Browser Rendered 09/27/2016 13:43
Latest News Dow 18,870 -33.86 -0.18% Nasdaq 5,320 -13.71 -0.26% S&P 500 2,182 -4.73 -0.22% 10:27 A.M. ET Updated Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline 10:23 A.M. ET Salesforce CEO thanks Kanye for a great quarter 10:15 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles over fuel leak 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market flat as dollar continues rise; Nasdaq hits intraday record 10:13 A.M. ET Updated U.S. economy steady as she goes, leading indicators show 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Donald Trump taps Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 10:05 A.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 10:01 A.M. ET U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October 9:45 A.M. ET Lego Opens Its Biggest Store in the World in London 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock halted for volatility 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Close Currencies Futures Metals Stocks Home Press Release Smart Ass Game Passes 2 Million Mark in Games Published By Published: Sept 21, 2016 5:37 p.m. ET Share SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- University Games announced today that it had shipped its 2 millionth copy of the popular party game, Smart Ass. The game was shipped to Newman Beamis of Newcastle, Maine. University Games' president, Bob Moog, was ecstatic, "We never knew when we launched the game in 2005 that there were so many Smart Asses in America. We have more than 10 million people playing this great game and more joining us every week." How does Smart Ass Play? Smart Ass is a cooperative party game where players match wits racing to be the first to identify a well-known person, place or thing. Clues are revealed to the group and the winner is the "Ass" to name the mystery topic the fastest. University Games has met the increasing demand by adding new card games, booster sets and even a sister game, Dumb Ass. For retailers like Walmart a special version called Smart A** is being offered. Why is Smart Ass Popular? Recent surveys and research indicates that the appeal of Smart Ass is directly related to the increased consumer purchasing trends of so-called millennials (18-31 year olds). This is now the largest consumer demographic in the US and they like party games. About University Games Founded in 1985, University Games has developed and manufactured over 500 games, puzzles, and children's learning and activity sets. The company philosophy has always been to offer products that encourage fun, creativity, and imagination for kids, families and adults. The company offers a wide array of products under the University Games®, Briarpatch®, BePuzzled®, U-Create™, Great Explorations® and Front Porch Classics® brands. Find us at www.universitygames.com or www.facebook.com/UniversityGamesUSA. Contact Information: Craig Hendrickson University Games (415) 934-3711 craigh@ugames.com Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160921/410504 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/smart-ass-game-passes-2-million-mark-in-games-published-300332185.html SOURCE University Games Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

null
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Early Black Friday predictions already starting to roll in Black Friday websites are predicting more doorbuster deals than ever before. Post to Facebook Early Black Friday predictions already starting to roll in Black Friday websites are predicting more doorbuster deals than ever before.  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/money/business/bargainista/2016/09/21/early-black-friday-predictions/90779620/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Early Black Friday predictions already starting to roll in Kelly Tyko , kelly.tyko@tcpalm.com 12:07 p.m. EDT September 27, 2016 If you're in need of a television or computer, Best Buy offers many Black Friday doorbusters. (Photo: FILE PHOTO) 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE UPDATE: Retailers are starting to release their popular holiday toy lists. Find a roundup of lists at BFAds.net. This column was originally posted Sept. 23. It’s not even October and Black Friday predictions are starting to roll in. Two popular Black Friday websites — BFAds.net and BestBlackFriday.com — predict there will be a record number of doorbusters this year for the Thanksgiving weekend. DealNews.com takes it a step further and has started to post store-by-store predictions for Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Amazon.com. The three websites anticipate online shopping will continue to grow and more doorbuster deals will be available online and on mobile devices. Doorbusters are deeply discounted items often extremely limited in supply. This can be good news for those who don't want to skip out on Thanksgiving meals and family time but still want to score some of the best bargains of the year. However, in the past, some of the best deals on computers, televisions and gaming systems have required camping out or waiting hours before stores open. I don't expect this trend to change. Like it or hate it, Thanksgiving Day shopping (aka Gray Thursday) doesn’t appear to be going anywhere. Only a few stores stayed closed last year on Thanksgiving. Locally, these included Game Stop, Sam’s Club, BJ’s Wholesale Club, Staples and Dillard’s. Despite the outcry and shoppers threatening to boycott, local stores and malls still have been flooded with customers on Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday. In its predictions, BestBlackFriday.com expects more money will be spent online on Thanksgiving Day with $2.07 billion spent online and $1.58 billion in stores on Turkey Day. On Black Friday, the website predicts $9.2 billion will be spent in stores compared to $3.08 billion online. I'm a proponent of crafting a holiday shopping plan early, and while although we are still several weeks away from the first Black Friday ads being leaked, these first predictions are helpful. Here are BFAds.net’s top 10 predictions: Thanksgiving weekend shoppers will have access to more than 52,000 advertised Black Friday deals (49,000 in 2015), including 15,000 deals under $20. Expect a record 7,000 Black Friday doorbusters with more available online and via mobile device than ever before. Look for 50-plus 4K Ultra High Definition TV deals under $500 (29 in 2015), and 50- to 60-inch 1080p HDTV doorbusters priced under $200. Expect 1,500 video game deals with more than 500 under $20, $200 Xbox One bundles, $300 Sony PlayStation 4 bundles and new Xbox One S bundles at $300 and PlayStation 4 Pro bundles at $400. Amazon will offer its Kindle Fire for $35, Fire Sticks for $20 and Kindle Fire kid's tablets for less than $60. Anticipate 350-plus laptop deals with more than 60 laptop deals under $200. Look for Smart Home devices like the NEST, Amazon Echo and wireless WiFi home security systems at their lowest prices of the year. Black Friday toy deals get more exclusive to specific stores in 2016, including Wal-Mart’s Disney Princess Carriage and Toys R Us' Shopkins Tall Mall. Find lists of this year's most popular toys here. The new Apple iPhone 7 will be offered with significant signup bonuses such as store gift cards, free accessories or no money down. Expect the first generation Apple Watch Sport under $200 and Fitbit Alta fitness trackers under $100. Kelly Tyko is a columnist for Treasure Coast Newspapers. This column reflects her opinion. Read her Bargainista tips at TCPalm.com/Bargainista and follow her on Twitter @TCPalmKelly. 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/money/business/bargainista/2016/09/21/early-black-friday-predictions/90779620/ More Stories Reports: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job Nov. 17, 2016, 11:21 p.m. Trump picks Jeff Sessions for AG, Pompeo for CIA chief Nov. 18, 2016, 9:57 a.m. #TCTraffic: Crash blocking north, south lanes on Old Dixie in Vero Beach Nov. 18, 2016, 10:31 a.m.
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Public-sector pay Syria Weather conditions Health Nama Charlotte police try to quell anger over shooting of black man PreviousNext 21/09/2016 - 21:20:06Back to World Home Authorities in North Carolina are trying to quell public anger after a night of looting and arson added Charlotte to the list of US cities that have erupted in violence over the death of a black man at the hands of police. With officials refusing to release any video of the shooting of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott, two starkly different versions emerged: Police say Scott disregarded repeated demands to drop his gun, while neighbourhood residents say he was holding a book, not a weapon, as he waited for his son to get off the school bus. The killing inflamed racial tensions in a city that seemed to have steered clear of the troubles that engulfed other places. As Charlotte's white mayor and black police chief stood at City Hall and appealed for calm, African-American leaders who said they were speaking for Scott's family held their own news conference near where he was killed on Tuesday, reminding the crowd of other shootings and abuses of black men. John Barnett, who runs a civil rights group called True Healing Under God, or THUG, warned that the video might be the only way for the police to regain the community's trust. He said: "Just telling us this is still under investigation is not good enough for the windows of the Wal-Mart." On Tuesday night, a protest near the apartment complex where the shooting took place turned violent. Students filled the Student Union rotunda in peaceful protest Wednesday afternoon. pic.twitter.com/uwz4GGFalT— UNC Charlotte (@unccharlotte) September 21, 2016 Dozens of demonstrators threw rocks at police and reporters, damaged squad cars, closed part of Interstate 85, and looted and set fire to a stopped lorry. Authorities used tear gas to break up the protests. Sixteen officers suffered minor injuries. One person was arrested. The violence broke out shortly after a woman who appeared to be Scott's daughter posted a profanity-laced, hour-long video on Facebook, saying her father had an unspecified disability and was unarmed. In the footage, she is at the cordoned-off shooting scene, yelling at officers. Charlotte Police Chief: Officers gave loud, clear commands before shooting https://t.co/tyHlHNEVqL #KeithLamontScott https://t.co/UpzQj5qZwo— CNN (@CNN) September 21, 2016 "My daddy is dead!" the woman screams on the video, which has not been authenticated. On Wednesday morning, Charlotte-Mecklenburg police chief Kerr Putney said: "It's time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story's a little bit different as to how it's been portrayed so far, especially through social media." The police chief said officers were serving arrest warrants on another person when they saw Scott get out of a vehicle with a handgun. A black plainclothes officer in a vest emblazoned "Police" shot Scott after the officer and other uniformed members of the force made "loud, clear" demands that he drop the gun, the chief said. Shouting. Pushing. Pleading. Protesters clashed with police in the streets of Charlotte, North Carolina last night. #KeithScott pic.twitter.com/HpPUnrDUiU— Fusion (@Fusion) September 21, 2016 Mr Putney was adamant that Scott posed a threat, even if he did not point his weapon at officers, and said a gun was found next to the dead man. "I can tell you we did not find a book," the chief said. Neighbours, however, said that the officer who fired was white and that Scott had his hands in the air. The three uniformed officers had body cameras; the plainclothes officer did not, police said. However, the chief said he cannot release the video because the investigation is still under way. No mobile phone video has emerged on social media, as happened in other cases around the country. The plainclothes officer, identified as Brently Vinson, a two-year member of the department, has been placed on leave, standard procedure in such cases. Family of Keith Lamont Scott calls for economic boycott in Charlotte after fatal police shooting https://t.co/OFdpxzIDlF— NBC News (@NBCNews) September 21, 2016 Scott's mother described her son as a family man. "And he was a likable person. And he loved his wife and his children," Vernita Walker told The Charlotte Observer. Scott has a lengthy criminal record, including convictions in Texas, North Carolina and South Carolina. Texas records showed he was convicted of evading arrest with a vehicle in 2005, and several months later, of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. The unrest took many by surprise in Charlotte, the banking capital of the South with a population of 830,000 people, about 35% of them black. Charlotte Police chief: We found gun, not book pic.twitter.com/MYW4wVTqHo— CNN International (@cnni) September 21, 2016 The city managed to pull through a racially charged shooting three years ago without the unrest that erupted in recent years in such places as Baltimore, Milwaukee and Ferguson, Missouri. In 2013, Charlotte police charged one of their own, Randall Kerrick, with voluntary manslaughter days after the white officer shot an unarmed black man who had been in a wreck and was looking for help. The jury deadlocked and the charge was dropped last summer. There were a few protests but no violence. At the apartment complex where Scott was killed, some people who said they witnessed the shooting told their version with an air of certainty even when they were hundreds of yards away. Taheshia Williams said her balcony overlooks the shady parking spot where Scott was on Tuesday afternoon. Fatal police shooting sparks violent protests in Charlotte #KeithLamontScott https://t.co/DVaK5Lhuyp pic.twitter.com/n7S8fsSK1x— CNN (@CNN) September 21, 2016 She said he often waited there for his son because a bicycle accident several years ago left him stuttering and susceptible to seizures if he stayed out in the hot sun too long. On Tuesday, she said, Scott had only a book in his hands and was following orders. "He got out of his car, he walked back to comply, and all his compliance did was get him murdered," Ms Williams said. The American Civil Liberties Union urged the police chief to release the video, and some leaders called for a black boycott of Charlotte. "Since black lives do not matter for this city, our black dollars shouldn't matter," said B.J. Murphy, a radio host and leader of the Nation of Islam. KEYWORDS: charlotte, police, shooting, black   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › News › World Charlotte police try to quell anger over shooting of black man Published 21/09/2016 0 Comments Share Charlotte police try to quell anger over shooting of black man BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Authorities in North Carolina are trying to quell public anger after a night of looting and arson added Charlotte to the list of US cities that have erupted in violence over the death of a black man at the hands of police. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/charlotte-police-try-to-quell-anger-over-shooting-of-black-man-35066635.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article35066634.ece/bca9f/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-e9c75420-7c24-45dc-85f2-eb4bd0306e9a_I1.jpg Email Police fire tear gas into the crowd of protesters in Charlotte, North Carolina (Charlotte Observer/AP) Authorities in North Carolina are trying to quell public anger after a night of looting and arson added Charlotte to the list of US cities that have erupted in violence over the death of a black man at the hands of police. With officials refusing to release any video of the shooting of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott, two starkly different versions emerged: Police say Scott disregarded repeated demands to drop his gun, while neighbourhood residents say he was holding a book, not a weapon, as he waited for his son to get off the school bus. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments The killing inflamed racial tensions in a city that seemed to have steered clear of the troubles that engulfed other places. As Charlotte's white mayor and black police chief stood at City Hall and appealed for calm, African-American leaders who said they were speaking for Scott's family held their own news conference near where he was killed on Tuesday, reminding the crowd of other shootings and abuses of black men. John Barnett, who runs a civil rights group called True Healing Under God, or THUG, warned that the video might be the only way for the police to regain the community's trust. He said: "Just telling us this is still under investigation is not good enough for the windows of the Wal-Mart." On Tuesday night, a protest near the apartment complex where the shooting took place turned violent. Dozens of demonstrators threw rocks at police and reporters, damaged squad cars, closed part of Interstate 85, and looted and set fire to a stopped lorry. Authorities used tear gas to break up the protests. Sixteen officers suffered minor injuries. One person was arrested. The violence broke out shortly after a woman who appeared to be Scott's daughter posted a profanity-laced, hour-long video on Facebook, saying her father had an unspecified disability and was unarmed. In the footage, she is at the cordoned-off shooting scene, yelling at officers. "My daddy is dead!" the woman screams on the video, which has not been authenticated. On Wednesday morning, Charlotte-Mecklenburg police chief Kerr Putney said: "It's time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story's a little bit different as to how it's been portrayed so far, especially through social media." The police chief said officers were serving arrest warrants on another person when they saw Scott get out of a vehicle with a handgun. A black plainclothes officer in a vest emblazoned "Police" shot Scott after the officer and other uniformed members of the force made "loud, clear" demands that he drop the gun, the chief said. Mr Putney was adamant that Scott posed a threat, even if he did not point his weapon at officers, and said a gun was found next to the dead man. "I can tell you we did not find a book," the chief said. Neighbours, however, said that the officer who fired was white and that Scott had his hands in the air. The three uniformed officers had body cameras; the plainclothes officer did not, police said. However, the chief said he cannot release the video because the investigation is still under way. No mobile phone video has emerged on social media, as happened in other cases around the country. The plainclothes officer, identified as Brently Vinson, a two-year member of the department, has been placed on leave, standard procedure in such cases. Scott's mother described her son as a family man. "And he was a likable person. And he loved his wife and his children," Vernita Walker told The Charlotte Observer. Scott has a lengthy criminal record, including convictions in Texas, North Carolina and South Carolina. Texas records showed he was convicted of evading arrest with a vehicle in 2005, and several months later, of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. The unrest took many by surprise in Charlotte, the banking capital of the South with a population of 830,000 people, about 35% of them black. The city managed to pull through a racially charged shooting three years ago without the unrest that erupted in recent years in such places as Baltimore, Milwaukee and Ferguson, Missouri. In 2013, Charlotte police charged one of their own, Randall Kerrick, with voluntary manslaughter days after the white officer shot an unarmed black man who had been in a wreck and was looking for help. The jury deadlocked and the charge was dropped last summer. There were a few protests but no violence. At the apartment complex where Scott was killed, some people who said they witnessed the shooting told their version with an air of certainty even when they were hundreds of yards away. Taheshia Williams said her balcony overlooks the shady parking spot where Scott was on Tuesday afternoon. She said he often waited there for his son because a bicycle accident several years ago left him stuttering and susceptible to seizures if he stayed out in the hot sun too long. On Tuesday, she said, Scott had only a book in his hands and was following orders. "He got out of his car, he walked back to comply, and all his compliance did was get him murdered," Ms Williams said. The American Civil Liberties Union urged the police chief to release the video, and some leaders called for a black boycott of Charlotte. "Since black lives do not matter for this city, our black dollars shouldn't matter," said B.J. Murphy, a radio host and leader of the Nation of Islam. AP Read More Nobel organisers hope for Bob Dylan lecture in Stockholm next year  Nobel winner Bob Dylan is likely to travel to Stockholm next year and might give his Nobel Lecture then, the Swedish Academy said. Seven from same family killed amid Aleppo bombardment in Syria  Intensive bombing has hit rebel-held eastern areas of the city of Aleppo in Syria, hitting an area housing hospitals and reportedly killing seven members of the same family. German teenager accused of editing Islamic State propaganda  An 18-year-old has been charged in Germany with supporting a terrorist organisation by translating Islamic State propaganda and correcting errors. Suicide attackers leave civilians dead in Nigeria city attacks  Suicide bombers have attacked a checkpoint and bustling bus station in a Nigerian city, with four of them killed as well as two civilian defence fighters. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World US court stops Making A Murderer inmate's release  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on websites  World The Shining actress Shelley Duvall reveals mental illness  World Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Wayne Rooney controversy: Unnamed football agent claims Irish background to blame for behaviour Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Patricia Cornwell: 'When I was outed as a lesbian, I didn't leave my house for a month - I was afraid, horrified and humiliated' Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 15 P/CLOUDY TOKYO (12 a.m.) Markets 110.71 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Protesters demonstrate in Charlotte, North Carolina, Tuesday. Authorities used tear gas to disperse protesters in an overnight demonstration that broke out Tuesday after Keith Lamont Scott was fatally shot by an officer at an apartment complex. | JEFF SINER / THE CHARLOTTE OBSERVER VIA AP World / Social Issues Charlotte braces for more unrest after police kill allegedly armed black motorist AP, Reuters Sep 22, 2016 Article history Online: Sep 22, 2016 Last Modified: Sep 22, 2016 PRINT SHARE CHARLOTTE, NORTH CAROLINA/TULSA OKLAHOMA – Police officers gave a black man multiple warnings to drop a handgun before one of the officers opened fire and killed him, Charlotte’s police chief said Wednesday, hours after protesters and police clashed in unrest that saw tractor-trailers looted and set on fire. More than a dozen officers were injured, including one who was hit in the face with a rock. Authorities had to use tear gas to disperse the protests in North Carolina’s largest city, which joins Milwaukee, Baltimore and Ferguson, Missouri, on the list of U.S. cities that erupted in violence over the death of black men at the hands of police. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said during a news conference that 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott was shot because he was armed and posed a threat. But a woman who said she was Scott’s daughter posted a video on Facebook soon after the shooting, saying that her father, who had an unspecified disability, was holding a book, not a gun. “My daddy is dead,” the woman screams on the video. The police chief said the black officer who shot Scott was a plainclothes officer wearing a vest with “Police” on it. The officer did not have a body camera, but three uniformed officers who engaged the suspect were required to wear body cameras. The North Carolina chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union urged Charlotte police to release any footage of the shooting, but Putney said he couldn’t because of an ongoing investigation. The ACLU noted that a new law restricting the release of such footage doesn’t take effect until Oct. 1. That new law says footage from police body or dashboard cameras can’t be released publicly without a court order. The chief said officers were searching for a suspect when they saw Scott exit a vehicle with a handgun. He said the officers told him to drop the gun and that he got out of the vehicle a second time still carrying the gun. “It’s time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story’s a little bit different as to how it’s been portrayed so far, especially through social media,” he said. His comments were an apparent reference to the profanity-laced, hourlong Facebook video, which was taken down Wednesday. In the video, the woman appears to be at the shooting scene, which is surrounded by yellow police tape, as she yells at officers. The woman did not respond to Facebook messages, and her claims could not immediately be verified by The Associated Press. It also was not clear if she witnessed the shooting. The black officer who shot Scott, Brently Vinson, has been placed on administrative leave as is standard procedure in such cases. Vinson has been with the department for two years. Police said the protests broke out around 7 p.m. Tuesday, about three hours after the shooting. TV footage showed dozens of protesters on Interstate 85 apparently looting semi-trucks and setting their contents on fire on the highway, shutting the highway down. The police chief said 16 officers suffered mostly minor injuries and police cars were damaged after people began throwing rocks. By 5 a.m. Wednesday, the streets were quiet and I-85 was moving again. Broken glass and rocks littered the ground where a police car had been vandalized. Less than 5 miles away, wooden pallets barricaded the entrance of a Wal-Mart that had apparently been looted. Detectives recovered a gun at the scene and were interviewing witnesses. “The officers gave loud, clear verbal commands, which were also heard by many of the witnesses,” the police chief said. Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts appealed for calm while B.J. Murphy, an outspoken leader of the Nation of Islam, called for an economic boycott of the city. He said if “black lives don’t matter, black money shouldn’t matter.” The protest in Charlotte came hours after hundreds of people rallied outside Tulsa police headquarters, calling for the firing of police officer Betty Shelby, who shot 40-year-old Terence Crutcher on Friday during a confrontation in the middle of a road that was captured on police dashcam and helicopter video. Shelby’s attorney has said Crutcher was not following the officers’ commands and that Shelby was concerned because he kept reaching for his pocket as if he were carrying a weapon. An attorney representing Crutcher’s family says Crutcher committed no crime and gave officers no reason to shoot him. Local and federal investigations into that shooting are ongoing and U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the Justice Department was in regular contact with Charlotte officials. “These tragic incidents have once again left Americans with feelings of sorrow, anger and uncertainty,” she said at the International Bar Association Conference in Washington. “They have once again highlighted — in the most vivid and painful terms — the real divisions that still persist in this nation between law enforcement and communities of color.” Court records indicate that Scott had a criminal record including an assault conviction. Mecklenburg County records matching Scott’s name and birth date show he was charged in April 2004 with multiple counts, including felony assault with a deadly weapon. Records show that most of the charges were dismissed, and he pleaded guilty to a single charge of misdemeanor assault with a deadly weapon. Records from nearby Gaston County show that Scott pleaded guilty to driving while impaired in 2015. Charlotte authorities braced on Wednesday for a possible second night of rioting. The trouble in Charlotte unfolded as demonstrators in Tulsa demanded the arrest of a police officer seen on video fatally shooting an unarmed black man who had his hands in clear view at the time. The deaths were the latest to raise questions of racial bias in U.S. law enforcement, and they stoked a national debate on policing ahead of the U.S. presidential election in November. Police shootings in cities including New York, Chicago and Ferguson have sparked more than two years of largely peaceful street protests punctuated by days of rioting and arson and given rise to the Black Lives Matter civil rights movement. U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton called for an end to such killings. Her Republican rival, Donald Trump, questioned what the Tulsa officer was thinking in shooting a man he said seemed to pose no imminent threat. Criminal investigations have been opened in both cities, and the U.S. Justice Department has started a separate probe into the Oklahoma incident to see if officers’ use of force amounted to a civil rights violation. Seeking to soothe tensions, Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts called for calm and North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory offered prayers for the Scott family and local police. “It’s very important that we all work together as a team to solve a very difficult issue and to bring peace and resolution,” the governor said in a statement. Charlotte police chief Putney said 43-year-old Scott was seen on Tuesday getting into a vehicle holding a handgun. Police surrounded the car, Putney said, and Scott was shot by a black police officer after he exited the car and did not obey orders to drop his weapon. Police said officer Vinson was in plainclothes when he shot Scott. Scott’s family said he was reading in his car and was unarmed, but the police chief disputed that. “I can also tell you we did not find a book,” Putney told a news conference. “We did find a weapon.” North Carolina allows for the open carry of handguns, including having a pistol in a vehicle. In 2013 a white police officer killed an unarmed black man, Jonathan Ferrell, in Charlotte. Ferrell’s family received $2.25 million from the city in compensation. Black activists and pastors who gathered on Wednesday at the apartment complex where Scott died called for an economic boycott of Charlotte. “We’re sick and tired of being sick and tired,” civil rights activist John Barnett told reporters. Protesters in Oklahoma, meanwhile, have called for the arrest of Tulsa Police Officer Shelby, who is white, for the killing on Friday of Crutcher, 40, whose sport utility vehicle broke down and was blocking a road. Shelby’s lawyer has said she feared for her life, believing Crutcher was reaching into his vehicle for a weapon. Lawyers for the Crutcher family released still images from police videos showing the car window was shut and said the use of force was not justified. Two police videos, one taken from a helicopter and one from a patrol car dashcam, show Shelby following Crutcher as he walked slowly to his vehicle with his hands up. Shelby shoots him as he puts his hands on the car, and he falls to the ground. Speaking in Cleveland, Trump said it appeared Crutcher had been doing what he was supposed to do: “This officer, I don’t know what she was thinking. … Was she scared? Did she choke?” In a tweet on Wednesday, Clinton said: “Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end.” Speaking in New York City alongside relatives of Crutcher, civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton said his death was an outrage, and he urged both candidates to broach the topic of police shootings on Monday at their first head-to-head debate. “Any debate that does not discuss this issue is a bogus debate,” Sharpton told a news conference. “This is a national crisis and it must be addressed.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords ACLU, African-Americans, Black Lives Matter, Charlotte, police, Tulsa Social Issues U.S. deports man adopted from South Korea when he was 3 years old Mexico frees three women who were raped, tortured to confess crimes in 2011 Georgia GOP lawmaker’s bid to revise 1951 KKK face mask law seen targeting Muslim women NYC mayor vows to protect immigrants as collegians across U.S. march against Trump deportation plans Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Japan’s permanent residency rules may be loosened to lure global talent Fukuoka street reopens a week after massive sinkhole appeared Trump’s lesson: You can lie your way to the very top Trump security adviser sought to reassure Suga on Japan policy: source Hollywood Walk of Fame honors late samurai star Toshiro Mifune A priest’s advice for anti-Trump protesters Work for us Japan government panel halves price of cancer drug Opdivo Record 40% of Japanese sleep less than six hours a day Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Girls' basketball 2016-17: Preseason rankings Iowa City man dies in motorcycle crash Kennedy High students walk out to protest hate, discrimination Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Hlas: Each had fab frosh, but Hawkeyes too green for Seton Hall ACLU of Iowa weighs in on Cedar Rapids officer-involved shooting investigation Video: Iowa City West fans, alumni send off championship game-bound football team Iowa Democrats plans to elect new chairperson in January Iowa sees 'obvious' fixes it needs out of loss to Seton Hall Iowa high school state football championships: Live updates, how to watch Holiday sales expected to grow Video Photo A shopper takes part in Black Friday sales at a Target store in Chicago, Illinois, United States, November 27, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young Bloomberg Sep 21, 2016 at 3:36 pm | Print View U.S. retail sales figures will climb about four percent this holiday season, buoyed by a better job market, according to a forecast by Deloitte. Still, the news isn’t all good for big retail chains. Consumers increasingly are buying gifts at niche retailers, potentially pulling spending away from places such as Wal-Mart Stores and Macy’s, Deloitte said in an annual report released on Wednesday. Upstart companies — think Bonobos or Fabletics — collectively have steered $200 billion in annual sales away from big chains over the past five years, the consulting firm estimates. “You’ve got a lot of small start-ups that are nibbling away a little bit of the volume at a time,” said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. “Everyone’s worried about the Amazon effect and those kinds of players. But at the end of the day, it’s the smaller websites that focus on a specific product category and whittle away at market share.” The shift means traditional retailers will have to work harder over the holidays to entice customers. Even so, gains in wages and disposable income will help put more money in shoppers’ wallets.” Excluding motor and gasoline purchases, sales may exceed $1 trillion in the November-through-January season, New York-based Deloitte said. Holiday sales by that measure rose 3.6 percent last year, according to the firm. Online purchases will grow much faster than the overall figure, jumping as much as 19 percent to $98 billion during the 2016 holiday. U.S. shoppers may be feeling more cheery as economic growth improves and the unemployment rate remains low. An increase in average hourly earnings also may boost consumers’ willingness to spend this holiday. “People are still saving more, but just not as much as they were in the past,” Sides said. “They feel more confident about their employment and their wages.” It’s also gotten easier to start a retailer, especially an e-commerce shop, Sides said. Your next Nation & World articles Watch Live: Iowa Native Peggy Whitson se ... Obama says would support Trump moves to ... SUV craze shows no sign of slowing down Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Supermarket News Search: Buy SN Research Digital Edition About Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Retail & Financial Online Retail Executive Changes Laws & Regulations Marketing Recommended Reading Store Design & Construction Issues & Trends The New Consumer Food Safety Health & Wellness Sustainability Organic & Natural Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Publix Ahold Delhaize Product Categories Bakery Beverage Center Store Dairy Deli Prepared Foods Meat Multicultural Nonfood & Pharmacy Private Label Produce & Floral Seafood Rankings & Research Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents Top 25 Global Retailers Disruptors 2015 SN Awards SN Research Upcoming Events White Papers & Studies Advertisement Home > Top Retailers > Walmart > Walmart pays out $200M in hourly worker bonuses Walmart pays out $200M in hourly worker bonuses Sep 21, 2016 Jon Springer EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 Images playing up the bonus accompanied Walmart's announcement of the payment to 900,000 workers.   Related Media Walmart diversity report shows progress, room for improvement Wal-Mart Stores said Wednesday that 99% of its U.S. Supercenters and Neighborhood Markets stores met performance and customer service goals in the second quarter, resulting in more than $200 million in cash bonuses for more than 900,000 hourly associates at those stores. Officials said the performance highlighted the strides the company was making in areas like store cleanliness, checkout speed and service on the heels of worker investments in recent years. Kory Lundberg, ... REGISTER TO VIEW THIS ARTICLE - Register for a Free Account Why Register for FREE? Registering for content on Supermarket News will give you INSTANT access to invaluable articles and media content that industry professionals rely on. You will have access to our special reports, feature articles, and industry analysis. It’s FREE, easy and quick.  What are you waiting for! In addition you will also receive complimentary access to the SN salary survey data tables.   Click here to read the FAQ page if you have any questions (opens in a new window)   Attention Paid Print Subscribers:  While you have already been granted free access to SN we ask that you register now. We promise it will only take a few minutes! Or visit your profile and add your print magazine account number and zip code. Register Already registered? Log In here. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 Anonymous208 (not verified) on Sep 21, 2016 So an average of around $200 a person, and that's just an average so you know half of them got less, is supposed to be a earthshaking event? Seriously? reply Log In or Register to post comments smarter than you on Sep 22, 2016 WOW - a whole $222 per employee for THE WHOLE YEAR. Walmart is so kind. reply Log In or Register to post comments Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your Supermarket News ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles Walmart U.S. comps top estimates on traffic gain   Walmart CFO: Job cuts aid efficiency, operations   Wal-Mart Awards Bonuses to Workers   A New Look at Health Care Costs and Who Should Pay   Murphy Oil to Add 200 Wal-Mart Gas Stations   Latest News Natural Grocers to moderate store growth  Sanders out as Sprouts chairman CPI shows 6th straight month of retail deflation  Northgate shows off waste-to-energy system Walmart posts modest 3Q sales, comp growth  more Advertisement Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Albertsons Publix Ahold USA Delhaize America Editor's Choice New value concept sweeps Harveys overnight    Reimagining Center Store    Value-added and natural offerings drive pork sales    Retailers play up citrus    Wegmans, Price Chopper see benefits in full-service restaurants    Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Advertisement Navigate SupermarketNews.com News Top Retailers Product Categories Rankings & Research Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Contact Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Search SupermarketNews.com Search: Supermarket News Penton Media Food Group and Related Sites NewHope360 MeetingsNet Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Raw video: Violent protests erupt in Charlotte over officer-involved shooting; 16 police officers injured Charlotte riots: Protesters set fires, loot trucks By  The Associated Press The Associated Press Follow on Twitter on September 21, 2016 at 12:37 PM, updated September 21, 2016 at 12:54 PM Print Email CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Charlotte, N.C., officials say they are preparing for more protests Wednesday following a night of violence over an officer-involved fatal shooting of an African-American man Tuesday in the University City area. The dead man was identified as Keith Lamont Scott, 43. Sixteen police officers were injured Tuesday night in a series of clashes, and there were reports early Wednesday of motorists on Interstate 85 being hurt and their vehicles damaged when protesters threw rocks, bottles and traffic cones off interstate overpasses onto traffic below. The officers hurt suffered mostly minor injuries, though one was hit in the face with a rock, officials sad. At a Wednesday news conference, city leaders appealed for calm and promised a thorough investigation. Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts staged a Wednesday press conference and urged the community to remain calm and wait for the facts in the case to be released before jumping to conclusions about the shooting. Her comments came just an hour before one activist group held its own press conference, asking for the black community to start an economic boycott of white owned businesses in Charlotte. Roberts says she has been contact with the governor's office, the White House and the NAACP, and said the city was going to work to get out information as quickly as possible, while also dispelling rumors being spread on social media. Charlotte Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said the department is still viewing video from the scene, though the officer involved in the shooting himself was not wearing a camera. Putney said the officer who fired the shots was in plain clothes, wearing a vest and was accompanied by uniformed officers when they approached the victim. It remains unclear if Scott was pointing a gun at the officer when he was shot, Putney said. The officer was also African-American. Putney added that officers have not found a book at the scene of the shooting, contrary to social media claims that Scott was holding a book. "I can tell you we did not find a book that has been referenced to," Putney said. "We did find a weapon. The weapon was there and witnesses have corroborated it, beyond just the officers." Putney said the department would be staffed Wednesday in expectation of more protests, which he believes will be peaceful. "We'll be prepared for whatever we see ... We're hoping for best but will be prepared for the worst," he said. The destruction late Tuesday and early Wednesday included blocking all lanes of Interstate 85 and looting a Walmart at about 3:30 a.m. The store was closed early Wednesday, with wooden pallets piled in front of the doors and shopping carts blocking the driveway into the lot. Three or more tractor trailer trucks were stopped and looted on Interstate 85, and at least two fires were started on the interstate, as the protesters burned items taken from the trucks. Motorists were reportedly stuck on Interstate 85 for hours at the height of the protests, which ignited at a time when the nation has seen a spate of police shootings of black men, which has led to protests from Ferguson, Mo., to Tulsa, Okla., to Chicago and started the Black Lives Matter movement. Only one person has been arrested so far, police said. The neighborhood where the incident occurred was quiet Wednesday, aside from a large media presence. Charlotte's Tuesday night protests began on Old Concord Road at Bonnie Lane, where a Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer fatally shot a man in the parking lot of a University City apartment complex Tuesday afternoon. The officer who fired the fatal shot was CMPD Officer Brentley Vinson, a police statement said. Police said they had been searching for someone who had an outstanding warrant at The Village at College Downs complex on Old Concord Road when they saw Scott leave his car holding a gun. Officers approached Scott after he got back into the car. He emerged from the car again armed with a firearm "and posed an imminent deadly threat to the officers, who subsequently fired their weapon striking the subject," police said in a statement. "The officers immediately requested Medic and began performing CPR." Medic took Scott to Carolinas Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. Scott was not the person officers were searching for to arrest on the outstanding warrants, CMPD Chief Kerr Putney told reporters later. Police said they recovered the firearm Scott was holding. But a woman who said she is Scott's daughter claimed on a live-streamed video on Facebook that Scott was unarmed when he was shot. The video went viral, with more than 521,000 views by 9:30 p.m. In the video, the woman said her father was sitting in his car reading a book and waiting for the school bus to drop off his son. She claimed that her father was Tasered and then shot four times, and that he was disabled. "IT WAS A BOOK" one protester's sign read. Police declined to respond directly to the woman's accusations. A public records search shows that Scott was convicted in April 2004 of a misdemeanor assault with a deadly weapon charge in Mecklenburg County. Other charges stemming from that date were dismissed: felony assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill, and misdemeanors assault on a child under 12, assault on a female and communicating threats. His mother, Vernita Walker of Charleston, S.C., said Wednesday her son had seven children. "He was a family man," she said. "And he was a likeable person. And he loved his wife and his children." She said she had just talked with her son on the phone that day. In April 2015 in Gaston County Court, Scott was found guilty of driving while intoxicated. Mayor Jennifer Roberts tweeted early Wednesday that: "The community deserves answers and full investigation will ensue. Will be reaching out to community leaders to work together." About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Shows/Schedule Topic A with Bob Levy Wake Up With Jeremy Grunin Preferred Company Glenn Beck Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Hometown View Shore Sports Network Listen Listen Live Mobile App Calendar Community Calendar Huddle for Heroes Insider Sign Up Contests Insider Support Meridian Tuned in to Health Weather News Local News Ask the Senator Ask the Congressman Townsquare Tonight Townsquare TV Storm Closings Stormwatch Q+A Contact Contact/Directions Employment Feedback Contest Rules Submit a W-9 Advertise Website Development Follow What’s Hot Huddle for Heroes Get ‘Mugged’ by Jeremy ‘Wake Up’ Guests Hometown View Townsquare TV ‘Wake Up’ Interviews Ask the Congressman WOBM-AM In Your Inbox Tweet @WOBMAM The Glow Woman accused of harassing Orthodox boy sought by Howell police By Tom Mongelli September 21, 2016 4:07 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter A woman who allegedly harangued an Orthodox Jewish boy outside the Howell Township Walmart faces a bias incident charge, if police track her down. They’re now seeking her identity, and they’re asking if you can help. Bias harassment suspect (Howell Township PD) According to police, the incident occurred on September 5, at about 10 PM. The boy told investigators that as he stood in front of the store with friends, she entered in the company of a man, turned and aggressively confronted him without provocation, shaking off her companion’s attempts to restrain her. Bias harassment suspect’s car (Howell Township PD) The boy told police that she asked if he was from Lakewood, and responded, “Go back to Lakewood, you [expletive] Hasidic Jews,’ pushed him, continued into the store, and left several minutes later before officers arrived. Police have not responded to an inquiry regarding the alleged victims’ actual town of residehce. She is described as a white female in her mid-twenties to early thirties. She drove what appears to be a late-model, white, four-door Kia Optima. Anyone who recognizes her is encouraged to e-mail Detective Corporal Nancy Carroll or call her, 732-938-4575, extension 2894. Oops! We could not locate your form. Filed Under: Howell Township | Lakewood | Monmouth County Category: New Jersey News | News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WOBM-AM Monmouth molestation defendant convicted, faces 25 to life Toms River students learn the price of freedom from veterans Burlington City murder suspect captured Jeff Chiesa’s Plans for the State’s Takeover of Atlantic City [EXCLUSIVE AUDIO] Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live WOBM-AM 1160 & 1310 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Join The Insider Club Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now The Latest From 1160/1310 WOBM AM 17 Shore Teams Make a Playoff Run November 18, 2016 9:34 AM Monmouth molestation defendant convicted, faces 25 to life November 17, 2016 7:45 PM Toms River students learn the price of freedom from veterans November 17, 2016 4:11 PM Burlington City murder suspect captured November 17, 2016 12:24 PM Good sportsmanship lives on the volleyball court November 17, 2016 11:55 AM See All Latest News Listen Everywhere! Read More Big Results for Small Business Devote more time to running your business. Engage your clients across multiple platforms. Reach more customers than ever before. Get an Edge on the Competition Today! Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Jersey Shore Business Listings Welcome back to Insiders It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Insiders It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wobmam.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Insiders (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Insiders brought to you by: Sign up for Insiders Register Now Sign up for Insiders quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Insiders brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Insiders contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Insiders brought to you by: WOBM-AM 1160 & 1310 Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Football September 21, 2016 4:09 PM Panthers QB Cam Newton on police shootings: ‘It’s embarrassing for things to just keep happening’ facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:45 Senior moments: Gamecocks reflect on careers Pause 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 3:18 Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards of Prosperity discusses his past, present, future 1:52 Game preview: A chance to reach bowl eligibility with an exclamation point 1:16 A tour of a new mobile home for October 2015 flood survivors 0:29 Gov. Nikki Haley on 'Fight Song' 0:50 How winning helps South Carolina in the recruiting process 2:22 Fatal shooting of Keith Scott in Charlotte 2:08 Lula Drake Wine Parlour on Main Street Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Cam Newton speaks to the media following Panthers practice Sept. 21, 2016, in the wake of the most recent officer-involved shootings. Jeff Siner jsiner@charlotteobserver.com Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton on Wednesday preached accountability on all sides in the rash of police shootings across the country. Jeff Siner jsiner@charlotteobserver.com 1 of 2 i By Joseph Person jperson@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton reluctantly waded into matters of race relations and social justice Wednesday, a day after an officer-involved shooting in Charlotte led to violent protests that included injuries to 16 policemen, fires set in the middle of I-85 and looting at a Walmart. Newton said he wanted to learn more about the killing of Keith Lamont Scott in the University City area north of Charlotte and the protests that followed. But Newton decried the spate of police violence across the country, including the 2013 death of Jonathan Ferrell, a black man who was shot and killed by Randall Kerrick, a white Charlotte-Mecklenburg officer. Kerrick’s case ended in a mistrial last year. “It could’ve happened in Atlanta. It could’ve happened in Los Angeles. It doesn’t matter. It’s embarrassing for things to just keep happening,” Newton said. “And from what I do know, we had an incident that happened in 2013 that had something to do with the police. And it went to jury and whatever, got washed away in time. My big thing is always holding people accountable, no matter what the race is, no matter what the gender is. We all have to hold each other accountable.” Newton said his “heart mourns for the family” of Scott, 43, who was shot about 4 p.m. Tuesday after he ignored officers’ requests to drop his handgun, according to police. A woman who said she is Scott’s daughter said on a live-streamed video that Scott was unarmed, sitting in his car reading a book. The video, viewed more than half a million times, has elevated the incident to a national stage. Newton has tried to steer clear of race debates in recent months. He said in a GQ interview last summer: “I don’t want this to be about race, because it’s not. ... We’re beyond that. As a nation.” Newton said Wednesday he’s in a lose-lose situation if he addresses topics of racial politics. “I’m in a position now where if I say something, it’s going to be critiqued and if I don’t say something, ‘Oh, you fake or you flaw,’” he said. “I’m a firm believer of justice. I’m a firm believer of doing the right thing. And I can’t repeat it enough of just holding people accountable.” Newton said he respects the stance taken by San Francisco 49ers backup quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who has been kneeling during the national anthem to protest racial inequality and police brutality. “But I also can make a stand in my own right,” Newton said. “That’s why I have a foundation and I’ve been trying to do any and everything to bring the city of Charlotte or wherever that I’m around and can impact it in a positive way. And I’m hoping people will see that and do the same thing.” [Panthers QB Cam Newton, coach Ron Rivera pulled into racial politics] [Panthers' Ron Rivera: Voting is 'right way' to effect change, not violent protests] Joseph Person: 704-358-5123, @josephperson More Charlotte police shooting coverage [1 shot during uptown protests over officer-involved shooting] [Governor declares state of emergency as violence erupts for second night] [Unrest timeline: How the protests started and spread] [Officer involved in shooting joined CMPD like father] [Family and neighbors call Scott a quiet 'family man'] [Expert questions whether CMPD was justified in its initial interaction with Scott] [African American leaders, activists losing patience] [Activists press for answers, economic boycott of Charlotte] [Charlotte Chamber warns businesses to be careful in light of potential protests] [ACLU calls on police to release video footage of shooting] [CMPD offers some details in fatal shooting, but questions remain] [Social media plays growing role in police shootings] Related content Cam Newton on accountability after officer-involved shootings LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Football Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:29 Gov. Nikki Haley on 'Fight Song' Pause 0:41 Panthers Kurt Coleman: Luke Kuechly told us to keep fighting 0:57 Panthers LB Luke Kuechly taken off field in cart 1:45 Senior moments: Gamecocks reflect on careers 3:14 Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 3:18 Chicago Cubs pitcher C.J. Edwards of Prosperity discusses his past, present, future 1:52 Game preview: A chance to reach bowl eligibility with an exclamation point 1:16 A tour of a new mobile home for October 2015 flood survivors 0:50 How winning helps South Carolina in the recruiting process Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 months ago Marcus Lattimore is assistant coach at Heathwood Hall 0:56 6 months ago Marcus Lattimore is assistant coach at Heathwood Hall 1:55 9 months ago VIDEO: Former Gamecocks Shon Carson, T.J. Gurley train for Pro Day 3:42 9 months ago VIDEO: Super Bowl 50 sights and sounds View more video Football With victory over Panthers on line, Saints checked down – again Carolina Panthers nearly gift game to New Orleans Saints, survive in final seconds Carolina Panthers report card vs. New Orleans Saints Injury to Luke Kuechly a blow his Carolina Panthers teammates felt 23 crazy seconds send Carolina Panthers on their way in victory against New Orleans Saints Sports Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Woman tells young Jewish boy to 'go back to Lakewood,' police say Print Email Alex Napoliello | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Alex Napoliello | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 21, 2016 at 4:03 PM comments Police are searching for a woman they say told young Orthodox Jewish male to "go back to Lakewood." (Howell Police Department) HOWELL — Police are searching for a woman who allegedly pushed a young Orthodox Jewish male and told him to "go back to Lakewood." The incident happened on Sept. 5 around 10 p.m. in front of the Wal-Mart in Howell Township. Howell shares a border with Lakewood, which is home to a large Orthodox Jewish population. The victim, only identified as an Orthodox Jewish juvenile male, told police that he was standing in front of the department store when a woman turned to him and, without provocation, told him to "go back to Lakewood you (expletive) Hasidic Jews," Detective Sgt. Christian Antunez said in news release. The woman, who was with a man, pushed the young man and proceeded to enter the Wal-Mart, Antunez said. Minutes later, police said, she left the store before officers arrived. She left in a four-door Kia Optima. Antunez asked anyone with information regarding the suspect to call Howell police Detective Cpl. Nancy Carroll at 732-938-4575 ext. 2894, or email her at ncarroll@howellpolice.org.  Alex Napoliello may be reached at anapoliello@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @alexnapoNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air All DJs Shows/Schedule Ocean County Breakfast Show Shawn Michaels Sue Moll Lisa Leonard Justin Louis Bob Levy Listen Listen Live radioPup App Playlist Recently Played Events WOBM Contests & Events Huddle for Heroes Hometown Happenings Listener Club Sign Up Contests Support Meridian Tuned in to Health News Ocean County News New Jersey News Political News Polling Institute Traffic Weather Surf, Sun Report Ocean County Stormwatch Storm Closings Stormwatch Q + A Lowest Gas Prices On The Jersey Shore Ask The Governor Ask the Congressman with Rep. Tom MacArthur Work With the MODC Features Hometown View Student of the Week Ocean County Paranormal Townsquare TV Contact Trouble Hearing WOBM? Contact/Directions Request A Song Employment Contest Rules Submit a W-9 Send Feedback Advertise Website Development Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot Christmas Cash See Trans-Siberian Orchestra Christmas Chorus Contest Holiday Countdown Huddle for Heroes Hometown View WOBM on YouTube Tweet @WOBM Shawn & Sue’s Podcast Townsquare TV Trouble Hearing WOBM? Woman accused of harassing Orthodox boy sought by Howell police By Tom Mongelli September 21, 2016 4:07 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter A woman who allegedly harangued an Orthodox Jewish boy outside the Howell Township Walmart faces a bias incident charge, if police track her down. They’re now seeking her identity, and they’re asking if you can help. Bias harassment suspect (Howell Township PD) According to police, the incident occurred on September 5, at about 10 PM. The boy told investigators that as he stood in front of the store with friends, she entered in the company of a man, turned and aggressively confronted him without provocation, shaking off her companion’s attempts to restrain her. Bias harassment suspect’s car (Howell Township PD) The boy told police that she asked if he was from Lakewood, and responded, “Go back to Lakewood, you [expletive] Hasidic Jews,’ pushed him, continued into the store, and left several minutes later before officers arrived. Police have not responded to an inquiry regarding the alleged victims’ actual town of residehce. She is described as a white female in her mid-twenties to early thirties. She drove what appears to be a late-model, white, four-door Kia Optima. Anyone who recognizes her is encouraged to e-mail Detective Corporal Nancy Carroll or call her, 732-938-4575, extension 2894. Sign Up For The WOBM Newsletter Email* Filed Under: Harassment | Howell Township | Lakewood | Monmouth County Category: New Jersey News | News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WOBM Casino Pier’s Annual Holiday Party Sweeney Todd at Central Regional High School THIS WEEKEND Here’s How Your Kid Can Get A Letter From The North Pole Turkey Day Will Never Be The Same With Thanksgiving Bingo Cards Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the DJs Shawn Michaels Sue Moll Lisa Leonard Justin Louis Brian Moore 92.7 WOBM on Facebook Sign up for the 92.7 WOBM newsletter Get the latest from 92.7 WOBM. Join The Listener Club Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now The Latest From 92.7 WOBM 17 Shore Teams Make a Playoff Run November 18, 2016 Casino Pier’s Annual Holiday Party November 18, 2016 Trump transition team moves to Bedminster November 18, 2016 Do you recognize this dirt bike rider? November 18, 2016 Sweeney Todd at Central Regional High School THIS WEEKEND November 18, 2016 Big Results for Small Business Devote more time to running your business. Engage your clients across multiple platforms. Reach more customers than ever before. Get an Edge on the Competition Today! PopCrush Network Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Jersey Shore Business Listings Welcome back to WOBM Listener Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to WOBM Listener Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wobm.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to WOBM Listener Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here WOBM Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up for WOBM Listener Club Register Now Sign up for WOBM Listener Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! WOBM Listener Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive WOBM Listener Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook WOBM Listener Club brought to you by: 92.7 WOBM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
null
up next: now reading: Why Trump Remains a Long Shot Why Trump Remains a Long Shot By Peter Morici September 21, 2016 X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Donald Trump has surged in national polls but his prospects for winning the presidency remain dim. His weakness among suburban voters, especially women, leaves him trailing by about 7 points in Pennsylvania, and it is tough to construct a plausible scenario giving him the 270 electoral votes needed to win without the Keystone State. Similarly, his strength with blue collar men is likely not be enough to overcome his weakness among more-educated, middle class women in several other battleground states—even if not by such a wide margin. New revelations about Hillary Clinton’s emails and her obsession with secrecy, laid bare by her bout with pneumonia, gave Trump an opening to reintroduce himself as a more reasonable choice to those women. Instead, he resurrected the birther issue and pounded on the evils of immigration and free trade, and poor Mexico. Middle class women work outside the home, and often employ or work alongside immigrants.   They shop at Walmart, are skeptical about balancing family budgets without inexpensive goods from China, and many recognize the United States can’t simply rip up NAFTA without wholly destabilizing Mexico and causing millions more to try to cross our southern border. A more reasoned approach to immigration—one giving priority to applicants with skills in short supply and committed to assimilating—would benefit our economy but he still talks about building a wall and getting tough to make our country safe. It reminds me of a mother’s admonition, “If you yell, no matter what you say, people remember you as a screamer and not your message.” On trade, Trump has failed to effectively state the obvious. We want to trade with Mexico, China and others and benefit from what they do best, but we don’t want the game rigged by foreign government subsidies and other gimmicks so that we can’t make and sell what we do best. It’s all about giving everyone a chance to prosper—including the most ordinary Americans. His advisors indicate that is where he would take U.S. trade policy, but when he threatens to rip up NAFTA and slap a big tariff on China—without explaining how he would use those to negotiate more equitable terms and sustain international commerce—he is screaming. Historically, well-educated suburban women vote Republican but the culture has changed since George W. Bush was elected. The party has not adequately moved with the women that are an important part of that change. Consider how much the country has altered views on gay marriage and other gender related issues, and even the minimum wage. Americans are less hued to religion and whatever their beliefs are much less inclined to generalize about Catholics, Protestants, Jews and most importantly, Muslims. Frustrations with health care insurance companies, rising cable rates and chiseling by banks like Wells Fargo have impelled women to look more toward government for solutions. They may not like Obamacare, for example, but if Trump wants to come across as an attractive alternative to Clinton, he needs to do more than promise to replace Obamacare with something great. He can’t leave the minimum wage to the states, and he must display some leadership to calm the culture wars on gender, race and religion—instead of inflaming those by promising to subject Muslims to special scrutiny. His child care proposals were a small step in the right direction but even those he left to his daughter to champion. He can’t subcontract to surrogates convincing educated women he is worthy. The debates will give Trump the national stage and his last real chance to more effectively present his positions on immigration, trade and other issues that strike directly at the interests of middle-class women. Promises to make America great and safe—without explaining clearly and simply how his specific policies would make ordinary Americans better off and more secure—would ensure that Clinton wins. Morici is an economist and professor at the University of Maryland Robert H. Smith School of Business. Follow him on Twitter, @pmorici1. Related Topics: Election 2016, Donald Trump Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ©2016 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
null
null
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out18:36 GMT +318 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Charlotte Readies for More Unrest After Riots Leave Cops, Motorists Injured © REUTERS/ Adam Rhew/Charlotte Magazine US 22:09 21.09.2016(updated 02:05 22.09.2016) Get short URL 14244245 Violent protests left 16 officers and several civilian motorists injured Tuesday night after a black man was killed by police earlier in the day. On Wednesday, the city prepares for continued demonstrations. The family of Keith Lamont Scott, 43, maintains that he had been sitting in his car reading a book when he was approached by a plain-clothed police officer and shot. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney stated that while the officer was in plain clothes, he was accompanied by officers who were in uniform, and that a handgun, and no book, was found at the scene. — Sarah-Blake Morgan (@SarahBlakeWBTV) September 20, 2016 © AP Photo/ Jeffrey Phelps Officer Injured in Milwaukee Riots Over Killing of Black Man by Law Enforcers“It’s time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story’s a little bit different as to how it’s been portrayed so far, especially through social media,” Putney told reporters. “I can tell you we did not find a book that has been referenced to,” Putney continued. “We did find a weapon. The weapon was there and witnesses have corroborated it, beyond just the officers.” The police have video of the incident, but Brentley Vinson, a black officer who fired the fatal shots, was not wearing a body camera at the time. The department maintains that Scott ignored several orders to drop his weapon. The American Civil Liberties Union is calling for the immediate release of the video. During the ensuing riots, all lanes of Interstate 85 were blocked, and motorists reported being injured and their vehicles damaged as rioters threw rocks, bottles, and traffic cones off an overpass and onto the traffic passing below. As fires burned in the street multiple rounds of teargas were deployed throughout the night, beginning at around 11:00 PM. It was reported that 16 officers sustained mostly minor injuries, though one officer was reportedly hit in the face with a rock. Three reporters from local station WBTV were also injured, with one hospitalized. A Walmart was looted around 3:30 AM, and remained closed and boarded up on Wednesday. At least three tractor trailer trucks were also looted, with some contents burned on the highway. — The Current Year (@TheeCurrentYear) September 21, 2016 Describing the incident that led to the killing, police claim they had been looking for a man to serve with a warrant when they saw Scott, who was not the person they were seeking. The officers claim they saw Scott exit his vehicle holding a weapon, and then get back into his car. When officers approached, they say that he exited the vehicle again, holding his weapon. In a statement, the department claimed that he “posed an imminent deadly threat to the officers, who subsequently fired their weapon striking the subject.” “The officers immediately requested Medic and began performing CPR,” the statement also noted. Scott was pronounced dead at the hospital. © YouTube/ProPublica Arrested for DUI, Dead an Hour Later: Graphic Video LA Cops Didn't Want ReleasedFollowing the incident, Scott’s daughter livestreamed on Facebook claiming that he had been unarmed. Scott was convicted in April 2004 of misdemeanor assault with a deadly weapon. He had also been charged with felony assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill, and misdemeanor assaults on a child under 12, and a female, and communicating threats. Those earlier charges were dismissed. The father of seven has been described by relatives as a loving family man. “These tragic incidents have once again left Americans with feelings of sorrow, anger and uncertainty,’’ US Attorney General Loretta Lynch said of the shootings in Charlotte and in Tulsa, Oklahoma, four days prior. “They have once again highlighted – in the most vivid and painful terms – the real divisions that still persist in this nation between law enforcement and communities of color.’’ © Facebook/Etan Thomas Oklahoma City Braces as Police Release Disturbing Footage of Cops Killing Unarmed Black Man (VIDEO)On Wednesday, Nation of Islam representative B.J. Murphy, along with Scott’s family, called for a boycott on white-owned businesses in Charlotte, urging "all black people to keep your money in your pocket. Let everybody feel the pain economically of what we are feeling physically when you kill us." Corine Mack, president of the Charlotte chapter of the NAACP, referred to the shooting as a “lynching.” "When will our lives truly matter? A black father is dead. There are children tonight who will never see their father again," Mack told KTLA. "It clearly appears as if our lives don't matter. We need to change policies. We need to change procedure. We need to hold police accountable. It's a modern-day lynching. Charlotte is not a good place right now; we're in the throes of this problem." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 45 Related: ‘Shocked and Angry’: Ohio Cops Kill 13-Year-Old Boy 'Deception Detecting Technology' to Counter Terrorism, Bad Cops and More Perennial Police Problems: Swedish Cops Quitting in Droves Surprised? Washington Won’t Charge Cops Who Killed Mexican Farm Worker Ohio Cops Publish Disturbing Photos of Overdosed Parents with Small Child in Car Tags: Riot, Police Violence, Protest, Charlotte Police, NAACP, Keith Lamont Scott, Charlotte, North Carolina TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply jas 22:35 21.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete On Wednesday, Nation of Islam representative B.J. Murphy, along with Scott’s family, called for a boycott on white-owned businesses in Charlotte, urging "all black people to keep your money in your pocket. Let everybody feel the pain economically of what we are feeling physically when you kill us." --- A greater impact would be made by moving out of Charlotte completely. That would be my suggestion, to move to maybe Detroit or Chicago or South Central LA or some other minority-majority inner city paradise. Reply jas 22:39 21.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete I don't' condone the rioting, but if the man wasn't who they were looking for, the cops should have left him alone. I also reject that this is racism. Cops these days are stupid and just love starting trouble. Is is actually an abnormal instance of the judging function of a personality type. The cops have child-like minds with no restraint. Reply hp 22:51 21.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete So what again did the innocent motorists do to deserve being assaulted, possibly maimed and killed? Nothing? Well to Hell with that nonsense and the people who do it! Reply American Socialist 22:51 21.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete they couldn't wait for evidence? so they loot Walmart, break into storage trailers and steal? they really proved their point. Reply jas 01:53 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete RobertBeal, Nobody's questioning justification of anger. But there is no justification for acting like a bunch of beasts and harming civilians who had nothing to do with the shooting or damaging property of civilains who had nothing to do with the shooting. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that is wrong. If these people are so outraged, go burn down some police stations or patrol cars. Leave other civilians out of it. And although some people like to whine about being victims, most cops treat ALL non-cops and non-establishment people like dirt. It's not about racism. It's about abuse of power and too many cops having weak minds and mental issues. Reply goywhisperer 03:46 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Yo, dey doin what dey do! Watch don't swim with the mud sharks they are not racist and hate their own people! Reply peaceactivist2 04:27 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Ho for it, something have to give in order to get some changes. The police become hunting dogs rather than police. Reply hopscotch64 04:44 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Living in the United States is like living in an insane asylum that is being run by the inmates. It would take a tome to outline all the BS and nonsense. If there was ever an example of how not to run a country the United States would be the poster child for such a project. Reply RobertBealin reply tojas(Show commentHide comment) 05:07 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete jas, "Feel free to fire." A culture of impunity -- like that on Wall Street -- is what I referred to. Why are you talking about rioting? Unless you're making the obvious connection about what happens in a culture of impunity -- and, by the way, grotesque maldistribution. What would you have us to do with our anger? Suck it up and roll with the corporate-police-state? Reply RobertBealin reply tojas(Show commentHide comment) 05:17 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete jas, what does your reply (to my unfortunately deleted comment) have to do with police unions having created a culture of impunity -- much like that on Wall Street. What would you have people do with their anger -- suck it up and write it off to the best corporate-security state in the universe? Reply Adrienne Adonis 06:03 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete DOESNT ANYONE HAVE A JOB IN THIS CROWD ? If they gave the same energy and desire towards a real job they would have the same money white people have and they would be able to come off welfare. Since they do want to better themselves........ Yeah OK. ! Reply Adrienne Adonis 05:13 28.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Bring on the riots and let the cops begin the BEATDOWN ! And see how fast these agitators run when they feel the hurting of a night stick .......Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories US in Syria: Obama's Failed 'Final Accord' US policy in Syria is clearly in a gridlock, however it seems clear to everyone except the While House and the US State Department. Meanwhile, the Obama administration could have at least tried to find a solution before it vacates the office, but has shown no interest in doing so, according to RIA Novosti observer Ilya Kharlamov. 3487 'The First Line of Defense': Peshmerga to Stay in Iraq's Liberated Areas Peshmerga forces entered key areas liberated from Daesh terrorists in Iraq's Kurdistan and will stay on there in the future, Kemah Makhmud, advisor to the President of the Kurdistan told Sputnik Arabic. 0 71 Latin America Turns to Cheap, Good Quality Russian Grain as US Prices Rise Amid rising prices for US grain, Latin American countries are turning to less traditional suppliers such as Russia. 2654 Giant Tablets Make Cities Smarter (PHOTO) Rio de Janeiro’s residents and tourists spotted weird objects in the streets of Copacabana. Giant public tablets, which many call "selfie machines" or "public cameras," are not only for making photos, but also optimize the urban mobility and provide people with useful information. 0 103 US Security Company Busts New Chinese Smartphone Spyware Security company Kryptowire managed to identify millions of Android smartphones that were laced with hidden software that allowed a third party to spy on their users’ activities. 0 124 NATO Chief Calls for US Leadership in Alliance Amid EU, Turkish Tensions NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has called for Europe to do more on defense and security, but cautioned against an EU-led military operation, while also asserting the strategic importance of Turkey as a NATO member, despite continuing friction between Ankara and Brussels. 0 38 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:30Trump Team Confirms US Attorney General, CIA, National Security Advisor Picks 18:29US F-15 Sale to Qatar Was an 'Offer You Can't Refuse' 18:27Moscow 'Won't Sacrifice Sino-Russian Alliance' for Potential US-Russian Thaw 18:26UK Gov’t to Raise Sum Paid to Royal Family to Fund Buckingham Palace Overhaul 18:25NATO Chief Calls for US Leadership in Alliance Amid EU, Turkish TensionsAll news Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 15395 India to Test Own Drone to Avoid US, Israeli Makes 12295 India Increases Bargaining Power as Home-Made Military Drone Passes First Test 12028 Russia Still India’s Main Partner in Nuclear Energy Despite French, US Interest 10070 Indian Overnight Currency Ban Hits Bull's Eye on Terror Funding 10068All news Outgoing US President Obama Holds Farewell Meeting With Top Ally Merkel 39 More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump Win 37 Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes 31 Kirby Must Be Disciplined for Discrimination of RT Journalist - Lavrov 28 Lavrov Says Washington, Moscow Unable to Maintain Negative Course in Relations 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures No Trump Bid US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
null
Skip to second row site navigation Skip to news entries Skip to archive page Skip to double wide sidebar Skip to tabbed sidebar ACHS 2016 Homecoming info and Grand Marshal announced The Baxley News-Banner RSS Feed Facebook Home News ▼ Headlines News Sports Obituaries Opinions ▼ Weekly Editorial Columns Cartoons Letters Community ▼ Weddings Births Anniversaries Features Classifieds ▼ Place a classified ad View classifieds Legal Notices Publication ▼ About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-edition 2016 Grand Marshal, Mr. Roy McClung ACHS 2016 Homecoming info and Grand Marshal announced Posted by Staff Writer in News Wednesday, September 21. 2016 Comments (0) Homecoming Week at ACHS kicked off Monday, September 19 as spirit week began. Students are participating in dress up days, the spirit chain competition and class float competition. On Thursday, September 22, the school will honor the Grand Marshal, Mr. Roy McClung, as well as the Homecoming Court, at a pep rally. The community and school will then unite on Thursday afternoon for the annual homecoming parade at 6:00. NO candy is allowed to be thrown this year during the parade due to safety concerns.  The parade will begin at the red light of Martin Luther King Avenue and end at Wal-Mart. Homecoming activities will conclude on Friday night when the Pirates take on the Statesboro Blue Devils. Students will then enjoy the Homecoming dance at the high school cafeteria. Grand Marshal - Roy McClung Mr. McClung was born in Waycross and graduated from Ware County High School. He went on to South Georgia College in Douglas and then attended Georgia Southern University. At GSU, he met his wife Dawn. They have two daughters, Sara and Joy. They also have seven grandchildren, Preslee, Easton and Grayson who live in Baxley and Joseph, Danny, Tyler and Emily who live in Grayson. Roy and his family moved to Appling County in 1984 while he was working with Farm Credit Service. Later, he went to work for Peoples State Bank and in 1991, he went into full time youth and children’s ministry at First Methodist Church. After 12 years, he stepped out in faith to become a volunteer county youth pastor. He has been a part of many countywide youth programs/events, including the Make-A-Difference program, morning devotions in the middle and high schools, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, the Gathering and Fifth quarter after the home football games. Trackbacks Trackback specific URI for this entry No Trackbacks Comments Display comments as (Linear | Threaded) No comments Add Comment Name Email Homepage In reply to [ Top level ] Comment E-Mail addresses will not be displayed and will only be used for E-Mail notifications. To prevent automated Bots from commentspamming, please enter the string you see in the image below in the appropriate input box. Your comment will only be submitted if the strings match. Please ensure that your browser supports and accepts cookies, or your comment cannot be verified correctly. Enter the string from the spam-prevention image above:    Remember Information?  Subscribe to this entry   VIDEO - Baxley News-Banner's - News Channel Comments Fred Crosby about As long as I agree Thu, Sep 15, 2016 - 03:27 PM Mr. Billy G. Howard apparently is not thinking clearly these days. First I have never heard of a man being"ordaine [...] Barbara Reynolds about Appling County veteran visits Memorial Wall Wed, Sep 14, 2016 - 12:45 PM Thank you, Mr. Kent for your service. Willa M. LaRoche Jones about New book details infamous life of Foster Sellers Fri, Sep 02, 2016 - 07:44 PM Foster and my mother were first cousins. My great Aunt and grandfather would visit when I was a child. The stories [...] Denise McDowell about Tremendous support shown to the Pirates Fri, Aug 19, 2016 - 05:56 PM This was a great event! We are new to the area and loved seeing such a tight-knit community come together to suppo [...] Recent Stories Duo convicted and sentenced Wednesday, November 16 2016 In the Pines this weekend Wednesday, November 16 2016 New industry locating in Appling industrial park Wednesday, November 16 2016 Waters sentenced to 50 years Wednesday, November 16 2016 Ronald Benjamin Atkins Wednesday, November 16 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Recent... Older... Powered by s9y & Optional Necessity • Admin Content copyright ©The Baxley News-Banner
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News 2016 Presidential Election Politics Crime Education Investigations Texas Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Suspect in killing of TWU student reportedly stalked ex-girlfriend at UNT Filed under Crime at Sep 20 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Caleb Downs Julieta Chiquillo Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Updated at 5:07 p.m.: Revised to include new information and correct the date that police reportedly found the suspect standing outside his ex-girlfriend's dorm. It was Sept. 6, not Sept. 7. The suspect in the slaying of a 24-year-old Texas Woman's University student found dismembered Sept. 14 was arrested twice a week earlier for allegedly stalking his teenage ex-girlfriend. Charles Dean Bryant, the 30-year-old Haslet man who has been arrested in connection with Jacqueline Vandagriff's death, and his 18-year-old ex-girlfriend broke up on Aug. 23. They had been dating for about three months, according to a protective order application filed by Bryant's ex-girlfriend on Thursday.  The day after the break-up, Bryant went to his ex-girlfriend's dorm, Kerr Hall at the University of North Texas, and tried to kiss her, according to the protective order application. His ex-girlfriend spoke with the dorm's resident adviser, who told her to contact UNT police. Bryant was served a criminal trespass warning on Aug. 25, court records show. Bryant again visited his ex-girlfriend Aug. 31 while she was working at a restaurant, according to her court filing. She told a court that Bryant got a drink at the bar and then asked to be seated in his ex-girlfriend's section.  She told Bryant she didn't want to see or speak with him and called police, according to her protective order application. A UNT police officer called Bryant and told him to stop trying to contact his ex-girlfriend or he would face criminal charges. Bryant tried to visit his ex-girlfriend at her dorm again on Sept. 6, court records show. He reportedly knocked on her door and told her he had something for her.  She saw him through peephole in the door, locked herself in the dorm room and called police, according to an arrest warrant affidavit. Bryant wasn't by his ex-girlfriend's door when officers arrived, but they found him standing outside the building, according to the arrest warrant. Police arrested him on a criminal trespass charge and took him to the Denton County Jail. He posted bail and was released later that day. UNT police arrested Bryant again the next day for allegedly stalking his ex-girlfriend, court records show.  He posted bond and was released from jail on Sept. 9 — four days before police say he was on Fry Street with Vandagriff. Bryant was arrested around 2:30 p.m. Sunday on a capital murder charge in connection with Vandagriff's killing. He is  being held in jail in lieu of $1 million bail. Security camera footage first captured Bryant and Vandagriff together on the evening of Sept. 13 as they were leaving Fry Street Public House, a bar in Denton, according to an arrest warrant affidavit.  Bryant and Vandagriff walked a few doors down to another bar, Shots and Crafts. Security camera footage shows them leaving Shots and Crafts together around 10 p.m., according to the affidavit. Surveillance video obtained by WFAA shows capital murder suspect Charles Bryant leaving Denton bar "Shots & Crafts" w/Jacqueline Vandagriff pic.twitter.com/aR43bGAHN9— David Goins (@dgoins) September 21, 2016 Mitchell Wilson, one of the owners of Public House and Shots and Crafts, said Bryant and Vandagriff walked into the first bar separately but left together. "Nothing stuck out" about the security footage, he said Tuesday. Around midnight, Vandagriff's cell phone began pinging towers south of Denton after she and Bryant left Shots and Crafts, police said. Records show the last tower connection was made around 1:30 a.m. on Sept. 14 near Bryant's home in the 14000 block of Sand Hills Drive in Haslet. Vandagriff's body was found around 6:30 a.m. that day in Acorn Woods Park by firefighters responding to a fire in the area.  Her body had been dismembered and was inside a blue plastic kiddie pool. An accelerant had been used to start the fire, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. Bryant has previously lived in Grapevine and has Facebook posts showing him check in at Horseshoe Trails, a park west of Acorn Woods, on Sept. 11, police said. The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's office identified Vandagriff on Sept. 15 by her fingerprints, police said. A witness told authorities that a white man was standing over the fire and then left the scene in a light-colored SUV. Police were able to use the cell tower data and interviews to track down Bryant. One of the people interviewed was Bryant's ex-girlfriend. She told police she had seen a blue kiddie pool in his backyard before. During a search of Bryant's house, authorities found Vandagriff's purse in the trash, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. Police said there was also a blue kiddie pool in the back yard similar to the one in which Vandagriff was found.  Police noticed a round patch of dead grass where another kiddie pool would have been, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. Tanner Beach, Bryant's roommate, told police Sunday that there had recently been two kiddie pools in the backyard, but there was only one when he was questioned by investigators. Investigators said that they also found evidence that someone had started to dig a hole in Bryant's backyard. Video evidence shows Bryant buying a shovel around 4:40 a.m. on Sept. 14 at a nearby Walmart, court records show. Police said Monday that it is unclear how Vandagriff was killed or how  she met Bryant.  The night she went missing, Vandagriff tweeted that she had been talking with a man on Tinder who she suspected of using a fake account. She said she logged off the app and walked to a bar instead. I was considering hooking up with this guy on tinder, and I asked for his Facebook or instagram he unmatched me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯— boring blonde (@nochillblonde) September 14, 2016 I was probably going to back out anyways, but I'm pretty sure I just dodged a catfish— boring blonde (@nochillblonde) September 14, 2016 I'm glad I decided to get off tinder and waked to a bar— boring blonde (@nochillblonde) September 14, 2016 The same day the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's office identified Vandagriff by her fingerprints a vague tweet was sent from her account: Never knew I could feel like this— boring blonde (@nochillblonde) September 16, 2016 Police said at a Monday press conference they were looking into the tweet but could not offer an explanation for it. Alisa Payne met Vandagriff three weeks ago, when she moved into a duplex they shared with a third student. Vandagriff was health conscious, Payne said.  She bought organic food and cooked her own meals.  She was a thoughtful woman who would offer to help her roommates with their laundry or share her meals, Payne said. "She was really nice," Payne said. "Super sweet." On Thursday, police sat in the kitchen at the duplex where Vandagriff lived. The officers told her roommates that she was dead and referred them to counseling, Payne said. A GoFundMe page for Vandagriff's family was created on Sept. 19 to raise money for her funeral. "She had a passion like no other and a heart as pure as an angel," said Jackie Ton, the page's creator. "Her drive inspired me to be better every day." The page had raised more than $2,000 as of Tuesday morning. Texas Woman's University has established a fund in Vandagriff's memory. The money will pay for an internship through the university's Health and Wellbeing Initiative. "Eligible recipients will be nutrition and food sciences majors who similarly demonstrate Jackie's same passion for providing others with the information and tools they need to lead a healthy lifestyle," vice president for student life Monica Mendez-Grant said in a prepared statement.. Donations in her name can be made online. Sarah Mervosh, Tom Steele and Claire Ballor contributed to this report. View Comments Tags Crime Texas Tarrant County News Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Home » Agencies, Industry Moves, Retail, Shopper Marketing » Two West joins Sandbox The U.S.-based, retail-focused agency will brings its capabilities to clients across the network. By Josh Kolm September 21, 2016 Sandbox has boosted its retail capabilities by adding Two West Communications to the agency collective. Based in Kansas City, Two West is focused on retail clients, working with brands including Home Depot, Target, Walmart and Best Buy, as well as on retail activations and programs for brands like Sprint, LG and Honda. It will rebrand, taking on the Sandbox name, and bring its capabilities to work with clients across Sandbox offices in Toronto, New York, Chicago, Indianapolis, Des Moines and Los Angeles. Among what it offers to clients is LocalWave, a proprietary software platform that helps national retailers and chains use hyper-local consumer and market data for their individual locations. Jill King, president of Sandbox Toronto, says it provides the kinds of capabilities that have received a lot of interest from Sandbox’s existing clients. “It allows individual locations, whether they’re franchisees or corporately owned, to not only fulfil their corporate objectives but also gives them the tools to spend local dollars and make themselves a bigger part of their neighbourhood,” King says. “If you’re a busy store manager, you might not have the time or resources to understand how to purchase space in a local newspaper or what out-of-home inventory might be available to you. This lays it all out for them and helps head office know what’s going on.” Besides LocalWave, King says Two West’s track record around in-store programs and experiences it has created for non-retailers also made the agency an attractive one to bring into the fold. The leadership team at Two West will stay in place at the office and become principles at Sandbox as it integrates with the wider agency network. This is the same as has been done at the agencies that came together to create Sandbox in the spring of 2015, although previous SVP and CD Karen Howe left the agency last year (the agency hired Trevor Schoenfeld to lead the Toronto creative department last month) and previous CEO Ted Boyd left in the spring. “Everything takes time to gel and come together but, especially in recent months, we really have been working together as one big team and having a lot more cross-geography engagement between the offices,” King says of how the new organization has been developing over the last year. “We have 65 to 70 people in Toronto, but group-wide we have 400. The resources we’ve been able to bring to bear has been amazing, and it’s been increasing every week and month we’ve been involved together.” Tags: Jill King, Sandbox, Two West, Two West Communications Related Articles Up to the Minute: Cannes shrinks its juries SapientNitro, Razorfish merge Sgsco acquires 5Crowd Taxi Montreal wins Promutel What’s propelling Canada’s top agencies? Popular Recent Featured The 2017 CASSIES shortlist revealed Sgsco acquires 5Crowd Agency of the Year 2016: Watch the videos Illuminating Audi’s latest advancements Ecobee’s extreme debut Careers » Screening Room » Illuminating Audi’s latest advancements SickKids gives it 100% for 100 donors Check it out: CAA calms a temper tantrum Ecobee’s extreme debut Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2016 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Rich Peterson Kim David Andy Brownell Tracy McCray Shows Listen Listen Live Podcasts Mobile App Events Rochester on Tap Rochester Home, Vacation and RV Show Calendar Submit Your Community Calendar Event Community Engagement Request Form KROC Club Sign Up Contests and Perks Contest Rules VIP Support Closings Closings Weather Links Mayo Clinic Radio Minnesota Lottery Minnesota Twins Minnesota Gophers Power of Learning with Jim Walters City of Rochester Rochester Public Schools Olmsted County State of Minnesota Minnesota Veterans & Emergency Services Museum History Center of Olmsted County Destination Medical Center Win Stuff Contact Us On-Air Hosts Contact Info Help & Contact Info EEO Report Careers Send Feedback Advertise Community Engagement Request Form Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSS Trending: Destination Medical Center Weather Win $10,000 Cash Rochester on Tap Beer Festival Seize the Deal Auction Employee Helps Recover Stolen Oronoco Vehicle By Kim David September 21, 2016 12:37 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Patrick Mullay-photo from Olmsted County Sheriff’s Office Rochester, MN (KROC AM News) – The search has ended for two pickup trucks that were stolen last weekend from an Oronoco business. One was found the other night by a Rochester police officer who spotted it at the south Walmart store and arrested the man who had been driving the vehicle. The other one was recovered Tuesday – after being spotted by an employee of Oronoco Auto Parts, where the truck had been stolen from.   The employee was driving on Highway 52 in Rochester when he saw the truck around 3:30 p.m. He called 911 and followed it several miles as the driver headed south and exited at Marion Road. The driver of the truck stopped at Jeff’s Little Store along Marion Road. A few moments later, officers arrived and arrested 21-year-old Patrick Mullay of Stewartville. For 24/7 news and sports check KROC AM and follow KROC-AM on Facebook.   Filed Under: crime | Highway 52 | Marion Road | Minnesota | Olmsted County | Oronoco | Oronoco Auto Parts | police | Rochester | Rochester MN | stolen pickup trucks Category: Local News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 KROC-AM The Governor’s Race in Minnesota is Already Underway Police Involved Shooting Ends Wild Chase Region Will See High Winds – Not Much Snow From Storm Double Murder in Mason City Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts Andy Brownell Kim David Rich Peterson Tom Ostrom Facebook Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! KROC Club Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more! Sign Up Now Closings Weather-Related Announcements for Thursday March 24, 2016 March 23, 2016 Weather-Related Announcements for Wednesday March 23, 2016 March 23, 2016 Weather-Related Announcements For Monday, March 14th March 14, 2016 Recent Stories Can A Divided America Heal? Yesterday The Everyday Skills Men Are Losing Yesterday It’s Give to the Max Day in Minnesota Yesterday Minnesota Twins Holding Black Friday Youth Baseball Camp 3 days ago Minnesota Vikings Release Blair Walsh 3 days ago Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to KROC Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://krocam.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to KROC Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up for KROC Club Register Now Sign up for KROC Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! KROC Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive KROC Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook KROC Club brought to you by: KROC-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Downtown Entertainment Business Life HEALTH Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Downtown Entertainment Business Life HEALTH Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Buscar Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 117 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Husband charged with murder of former Greenville resident The husband of a woman who grew up in Greenville was charged with murder in connection with his spouse's death, Maine State Police said. Post to Facebook Husband charged with murder of former Greenville resident The husband of a woman who grew up in Greenville was charged with murder in connection with his spouse's death, Maine State Police said.  Check out this story on greenvilleonline.com: http://grnol.co/2cVrMJ3 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Husband charged with murder of former Greenville resident Romando Dixson , rdixson@greenvillenews.com 2:26 p.m. EDT September 21, 2016 Valerie Tieman, 34, was last seen in this truck at a Walmart in Maine. She is pictured with her husband, Luc Tieman. (Photo: Contributed) 117 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE The husband of a woman who grew up in Greenville was charged with murder in connection with his spouse's death, Maine State Police said. Luc Tieman, 32, was arrested Wednesday morning in Waterville, Maine. His wife, Valerie Tieman, had been missing for weeks and was found dead Tuesday in a wooded area near their residence in Fairfield, Maine. Valerie Tieman, 34, grew up in Greenville and her parents still reside in the Upstate. Luc Tieman told police he last saw his wife on Aug. 30 at Walmart in Skowhegan, Maine. He told police he went into the store and she wasn't in the truck when he returned a short time later. The husband never reported his wife missing. Her parents reported her missing Sept. 9 to the Fairfield Police Department. Maine State Police joined the investigation four days later. Detectives reviewed Walmart surveillance video and financial records and interviewed family and friends. Police found Tieman's body Tuesday afternoon, behind the house she shared with her husband and his parents, police said. An autopsy was conducted Wednesday. Results were not immediately available. Detectives took Luc Tieman into custody about 10 a.m. Wednesday in Waterville, near a hotel he stayed in Tuesday night, police said. He offered no resistance. He is being held at the Somerset County jail in Maine. He is scheduled to make his first court appearance Thursday or Friday in Skowhegan, police said. THE GREENVILLE NEWS Former Greenville resident reported missing in Maine 117 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://grnol.co/2cVrMJ3 TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Man explains why he is poll watching at a Greenville County Precinct 0:42 Church Burned and Vandalized in Greenville 2:17 Todd Kohlhepp's neighbors relieved he's in custody 1:17 Family dog euthanized during search 1:58 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 More Stories Tigers' Wilkins named Nagurski Trophy finalist Nov. 17, 2016, 2:07 p.m. Man dies weeks after drive-by shooting Nov. 17, 2016, 12:06 p.m. Lawrence on his growth this season Nov. 17, 2016, 10:53 a.m. Evacuations planned as health issues rise from 'historic fire' Nov. 17, 2016, 9:15 a.m.
e-Edition Directory Weekend E-EDITION Regional Faces of the Foothills Features Special Sections Guide to Education Quick Nav eEdition 4.0°C Detailed Forecast Home News Politics Western Wheel Weekend Wheel's West Opinion Editorial Column Letters Write a Letter Sports Scene Photos Galleries Faces of the Foothills Contests Classifieds Classified Pages Business Directory Book a Business Directory Obituaries Western Wheel Distribution Map News Tips Subscribe Advertise With Us About Us Contact Us Volunteers needed to keep town safe Okotoks: Citizens on Patrol seeking more members to expand its service Wednesday, Sep 21, 2016 10:28 am By: Krista Conrad Comments    |    A A Denyse Geiger, president of the Okotoks Citizens on Patrol, is looking for more volunteers to help keep eyes and ears on the town. Brent Calver/OWW One year after being resurrected, the Okotoks Citizens on Patrol is gaining momentum and looking for more volunteers. Denyse Geiger, president of the Okotoks COP, said membership tends to hover around 20 people. She said having more people sign up would make it possible to have two cars running per night, and to expand the program to run patrols on Thursdays and Sundays. Currently, COP is only on watch Friday and Saturday nights. Were definitely looking to recruit more people so that we can start to cover more days of the week and extend our reach, said Geiger. Its a good community involvement thing that you can do to volunteer, but it doesnt take up tons of time every month in order to be involved. She said average patrols last between four to six hours, and the timing is flexible depending on the people in each car. Some partners prefer to go out from about 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. while others may choose to be out from 11 p.m. until 3 or 4 a.m., she said. Members are required to do at least one patrol per month, but can opt to cover more shifts if they are available. There is also a compulsory monthly meeting that lasts about an hour and a half to two hours, she said. Most of the meetings offer more than just business, she said. Weve had a few training events, like bringing in the RCMP dog handler to do presentations and demonstrations, said Geiger. We try to bring in some kind of learning or presentation to keep the group interested and keep them learning. On patrol, members of COP are expected to be the eyes and ears to help out the Okotoks RCMP. Working closely with the detachment, volunteer patrols drive through the community on the lookout for anything out of the ordinary. Before each patrol shift, volunteers log in with the RCMP so that officers on duty and dispatch are aware COP is out and about, she said. We get pulled over several times sometimes in a shift because they see us coming down places like the alley behind Walmart where people dont ordinarily go, said Geiger. If they have our information then they automatically know who we are. Out on the streets, the COP volunteers  who use their personal vehicles for patrols  travel through town, checking in at all schools, the cemetery, parks and parking lots, as well as hotspots that might be identified on a list from the RCMP. While they may see something happening, volunteers are instructed not to get out of their vehicles, confront people, or get involved in situations. Instead, they can radio in anything out of the ordinary directly to the RCMP detachment watch clerk. We dont hang around and get involved, we just continue our patrolling, said Geiger. We are the eyes and ears only. She said sometimes on a shift there may be nothing to report, but other evenings might bring loud parties, fights in the street or other behaviour that is called in. COP can also alert the RCMP to dangerous and impaired drivers by reporting their licence plate, she said. Any emergencies seen along the way are dialed in to 911 and handled by emergency services personnel, she said. Their work can also help the RCMP gather information, she said. If they notice something like an abandoned vehicle, volunteers are told to record the license plate number in their reports. The RCMP review COP reports weekly, and might run the license plate number, which could turn up a stolen vehicle or something related to another incident. Sometimes they can connect the dots and that helps them in something theyre trying to pursue information on, said Geiger. When we think were not doing much, sometimes were doing things that, added to what the RCMP are doing, can make a difference. All COP volunteers patrol in pairs for safety, she said. Geiger does her shifts with her husband  what they jokingly call their forced-participation date night. When the Okotoks COP was up and running years ago, she volunteered with one of her friends  theyd get coffee, do their patrols, and make it a girls night, she said. Its something you can do with a spouse or a friend, said Geiger. But if you join and you dont have somebody you know to join with, we have some people who dont have a partner and we can match you up, so its a great way to meet people as well. Geiger said ideally the COP membership would average between 30 to 35 people, to allow the group to expand its scope and cover more ground in an ever-growing town. To apply, visit the Okotoks RCMP detachment to have a criminal record check done, and complete an application. Applicants approved by the RCMP will be passed along to the COP for training. For more information about the program, the commitment, training or how to apply, email Geiger at okotokscop@gmail.com. Previous Story Next Story From Around The Province Wave of warm weather welcome in November Saturday Nov 12, 2016 St. Albert Gazette The weather in the capital region has been unseasonably warm in November, breaking several temperature records. Walking in the footsteps of heroes Wednesday Nov 9, 2016 St. Albert Gazette In August and early September Doug and Leah Harbak travelled to France and Belgium to pay their respects at cemeteries from World War One and World War Two. Comments The Western Wheel welcomes your opinions and comments. We do not allow personal attacks, offensive language or unsubstantiated allegations. We reserve the right to delete comments deemed inappropriate. We reserve the right to close the comments thread for stories that are deemed especially sensitive. For further information, please contact the editor or publisher. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus View This Week's Feature Here Latest Western Wheel eEdition Click Here for the Latest eEdition. Past editions can be accessed by clicking the 'Archive' tab on the left from the current eEdition. WebPoll Show Results from Previous Polls Popular Posts Most Read Most Commented Turner Valley RCMP looking for missing woman November 10, 2016 569 Foothills: Okotoks ceremony at Pason Arena for second year November 9, 2016 348 Hospice gives peace of mind for patients and families November 9, 2016 258 Community Events Submit an Event   |    View All Events Upcoming Events   Nov 12 : Concert Featuring Tom Allen & Friends performing Weimar to Vaudeville Nov 19 : All-day Screenwriting Intensive Nov 19 : Photos with Santa HotAds Jobs Properties Lost Items We currently have no listings. We currently have no hot properties. We currently have no lost items. Latest Weekend eEdition Click Here for the Latest eEdition. Past editions can be accessed by clicking the 'Archive' tab on the left from the current eEdition. Tweets from http://twitter.com/OKWesternWheel BACK TO TOP NORTHERN PUBLICATIONS Athabasca Advocate Barrhead Leader Bonnyville Nouvelle Edmonton Woman Lac La Biche Post St. Albert Gazette St. Paul Journal Westlock News CENTRAL PUBLICATIONS Carstairs Courier Didsbury Review Innisfail Province Mountain View Gazette Olds Albertan Sundre Roundup SOUTHERN PUBLICATIONS Airdrie City View Rocky Mountain Outlook Cochrane Eagle Okotoks Western Wheel Rocky View Weekly Terms of Use | Contact Us | About Us | Advertise | Sitemap ©2016 Great West Newspapers LP | Glacier Community Media Close Enter the site Login Password Remember me Forgot password? Login SIGN IN AS A USER Use your account on the social network Facebook, to create a profile on BusinessPress
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Final News Conference From COP22 in Marrakech UN Security Council Meeting 19th Annual United Nations Student Conference on Human Rights Lobby of Trump Tower in NYC Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park RADAR: First Blizzard of the Season Live Look at the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video New Librarian of Congress Talks Significance of Maintaining One of the Largest Libraries in the World More ABC News' Ali Rogin talks the future of the library and the huge effort to digitize all archives with Dr. Carla Hayden. 13:53 | 09/21/16 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for New Librarian of Congress Talks Significance of Maintaining One of the Largest Libraries in the World Good morning I'm ABC's Alley broke in I'm here with doctor Carla he didn't. The new librarian of congress doctor even thank you so much for joining us it's an exciting time it is an exciting time and you're resume is so extensive and I want to get into all that but I want to first talk about. That fact that your appointment as the first. African American and the first woman Library of Congress huge milestone for the country for you personally he's home first of all about what that means to you. As a line. Berrian being the first woman Library of Congress is really significant because in our profession to humanize purpose 85%. Workforce is female. Very few of the top positions. Reflect that and so as alive or female like burn it's like wow here we are. And as an African Americans it's so it really touches me that. Hands from. Descended people who were denied their right to read in hearing. As an African American mean you know. The largest library in this country so that part really. Hit me especially at the swearing in my mom holding the Lincoln Bible. Journalists almost so. A really powerful moment I can't even imagine. I remember watching your swearing in and seeing you after. Justice Roberts had delivered had dug the oath with you and they sign you look around and taking all and can you describe what that moment was like for you. What I was looking at. We're hung up literally hundreds fall Library of Congress staff members. That we're on the mezzanine and the riches cheering and you could imagine starting a new position and here that people that you're going to be working with cheering dancing. Let's. A library. Asks that another moment. Actress artist's record. Yes absolutely. You're only the fourteenth. Library of Congress in history. Back in just the fact that there's only been thirteen other people in this role since 18118. To look and they're being different people at different times com Wal-Mart burn muscled warrior one was politician. When was an author and so in a couple of librarians thrown in there as well in Japan this continuity. Each library and doing something different. My ten year we'll probably have quite a bit technology. So started bleeding. As Library of Congress right after the swearing and and so I'm really pleased be. Our lives and what's your Twitter handle just and we can tell our viewers are related and it. Library and like we're OK so follow librarian of congress. At Library of Congress right and what's happening in and yes I'm discovery so much about 160. To me minds and it's each day. Going to different apartment and I. Think that's look what. Well let's hear your discovering and along with. Everybody else every and so things could agree. Absolutely I wanted to take a step back and talk about you're. The steps you took take to get here you started your career in the Chicago public library system. And I know you've got to know a certain. First family they weren't the first family and but I know that they the Obama family came through at that time you got to know them can you tell me about what that was like. I personally he was. Actually working wore the city administration. And harder for portfolio and agencies that she was responsible for. Was Chicago public library that time I had returned from Pittsburgh teaching reichert signs. And I returned to. Be the second in command Chicago in that time her aunt and by extension her fiance that. Loud that they weren't as they were engaged in days and even. Koppel she knew. So much who. Could could you tell at that point this guy could really be president one day. And she did not so. While we'll get us. And then from Chicago. You ended up in Baltimore where you became head the public library system there. And I know that you made the decision to keep the libraries opened during the Freddy great test can you tell me about. That whole experience and what it meant that communities have the library's. We're involved in the legendary. Instantly get reminders cool things to have the honor to head up that line persistently something. Four library hands during that time at the end rats. We knew that library was life line for so many people it was the branch that we had open. Was writing that episode. You could see it news. There was the cars smoldering all that they CBS ray CBS's right across the street from CBS. And victory after. The unrest. People were lined up outside. You know computers look for jobs just sanction. And lessen men. A lot to use the community me and two to underscore the relationship between the library and the community at that time. During your address. During her swearing in you mentioned some of the young people who use the library is a safe haven during that time. Tell me about that especially the impact that. Keeping library opened had on the young people in the community. And I have to smile because they were fair to because what's out there was no place ago. And I got to be your children's library and here. Because they were confused about what was going on and we're doing things to help them. We getting on computers or not just. Homework if there wondering what happened. But also to find out things and to play games at that time and then it became active community center. Food distribution. Diapers all of the things that people me community library can play. Tomorrow so life like for the it was a it was a lifeline before the unrest and during. After it missed. Tell me about when you found out that President Obama was going to be nominating this session that us. I had been consulting. About these library congress and the possibilities. And pass which is considered. Me. That with a turning point. And then to go through the process and be asked to so that's what really. I think I'm telling you which you sort. That's the fourteen. And tell me about your plans for the library now like music tweeting discoveries and also. Making sure that. Part of that 162. Men. Collection. Is digitize. And timely fashion so we're going to be assessing what things are ready. Things for what things people insisted. We have. Things like. The matter at Hamilton. Alexander Hamilton wrote to his wife right warmly as he called it interview. On the schedule. Just digitized collection from rules of parks the civil rights. So that will be a major growth work. And heavy and read it the actual process for doing us use the giant machine that's apparently to these agents. People might not realize that due to turn things not just taking your phone maintaining a forum where there scanners you have to have special equipment. Pages of its rare. And fragile. And it's like a space. Ship. Or something when you go in and the cameras and things it's very involved process. However. The payoff is wonderful. Abraham Lincoln's life. In reality. Life masks. 14. Month for success. He sat. Yes. You talk to hear me again your your acceptance speech about what it means for children all over the country to be able to access things. Like Rosa Parks is letters see him as she rode it. What do you think that means four or does the future of education. This country when you think about it how they concede that sitting and aren't. A small library in a rural area that has really no access to. Me resource as a child sits at home doing homework. Or accountants in a big city and it can't get to our public life. That's gonna make what they have to work where as the you know doing homework. So much easier for them to go to school the next thing and saying I've done my report and I was saying pulled out all these things. Absolutely. He's talked a little bit about some of the partnerships that you were. Thinking about creating between the private sector and the library. You tell us about what kind of plans EC for the library in the coming years. We're it. Patriotic. Philanthropy. Partners can include other institutions. For instance the new. National museum of African American. Culture and history. Is opening are so many partnerships right here in the Washington DC complex as well as companies. Individuals. That are interested in making history come alive and that's who want people who think about. Learning about history but making their own history make history. You're also a big advocate as I understand it four some limitations to how much. Privacy in individual hats for example when they're searching. Information online. I think he said that just because you're searching the word. G hide or something like that doesn't mean you want to do something back. So can you tell me a bit about. Is there attention you see yet. Between the debate we're having now with government surveillance. And privacy rights and what role do you see The Library of Congress having that debate. The library a congress has. Our figures for April being liberal mob. Four libraries are across the nation and where ever people are seeking information you mentioned that just because someone. He's interested topic doesn't mean that they intend to do anything and so that balance between interest. And intent has to be maintained. This library has so many items that people are going to be interest for all types of reasons. And so making sure that there be able to. Look for information without worrying that some rumble try to infer something from this is very important. On a final note we were just talking about all the really cool. Archives at the library has that people might not know the line of congress has baseball cards comic books can tell our viewers about largest collection. Comic books in the world. Including. The first edition of Wonder Woman who's a movie there's gonna come out on. Baseball cards a collection of baseball memorabilia from Jackie Robinson. All types of things that people get anything that you can imagine any topic. You could say I wonder what the library contest about that and I think people would just be from me. Pending whether things that you know. This means that you want to underscores that The Library of Congress is call The Library of Congress but it's really available to every you know with the. Every when it serves congress it is the research arm. All of these legislators and I think people if you. Feel very who have about the fact that there are legislators were ever there from here. Nonpartisan. Information to make their decisions and then he should feel really that they have a Marxist like me in. And as well that's. At their disposal as well so they can eat me wrong they can call there's so many ways they can contact. Last question Pickens bottle of it. You what is the librarian of congress reading. Well. I'm reading stories detective that's older book and reading. The latest the reason this. I just picked it. He and a I'm sorry your so it's you're company I have sent like mysteries but now. And cozy. Well we got the scoop for it for everybody else's coat at us. Doctor in thank you so much for joining us today Ina ABC's Alley wrote and check in with abcnews.com. For more knees throughout the day advocate. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: History at the Library: First Woman, African-American Sworn In as Librarian of Congress Now Playing: Fox News Director of Booking Speaks Out Against Roger Ailes Now Playing: Maryland Woman Survives Rare Bear Attack Now Playing: Florida Teacher Welcomed Back From Battling Cancer With Student Serenade Now Playing: Missing Washington Couple and 2 Children Found Alive Now Playing: New Details on Suspects Charged in Stabbing Death of Connecticut Man Now Playing: Police Officer on Leave After Video Captures Him Punching Woman in the Face Now Playing: Trump Picks Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser Now Playing: Missing Congressman's Son Found Safe in Houston Now Playing: Missing Washington Couple and 2 Children Found Alive Now Playing: 2 NYC Bus Drivers Say Supervisor Sexually Harassed Them at Work Now Playing: Deadly Explosion in Illinois, Kills 1, Injures 11 Now Playing: Video Shows Police Officer Punching a Woman in Flagstaff, Arizona Now Playing: Terrified Driver Calls 911 in a Panic After Experiencing Road Rage Now Playing: Commuter Train Crashes Into Car Outside Boston Now Playing: Cincinnati Zoo Gorilla Enclosure Did Not Meet USDA Standards Now Playing: Suspect Charged in Death of Joseph Comunale Walked Out of Police Station Now Playing: Whale Makes Rare Appearance in Hudson River in NYC Now Playing: Video Captures Police Officer Punching Woman in the Face Now Playing: 2 Charged With Murder in NYC Stabbing Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":42250139,"title":"New Librarian of Congress Talks Significance of Maintaining One of the Largest Libraries in the World","duration":"13:53","description":"ABC News' Ali Rogin talks the future of the library and the huge effort to digitize all archives with Dr. Carla Hayden.","url":"/US/video/librarian-congress-talks-significance-maintaining-largest-libraries-world-42250139","section":"US","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
News Texas police officers surprise drivers with turkeys instead of tickets Megyn Kelly: Fox News is a ‘family’ with a ‘weird uncle’ Report: Trump will pay millions to settle Trump University fraud lawsuit 1 in 4 U.S. troops is worried about working under Trump as commander in chief Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Tomi Lahren Pat and Stu MyVoice Radio TV Login Join 0 www.theblaze.com ‘All white people are f***ing devils’: More protests promised after deadly Charlotte police shooting Chris Enloe September 21, 2016 12:52 pm 0 420 Follow Share Tweet Following the fatal police shooting of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte, North Carolina, Tuesday, 16 police officers were injured in protests that included the smashing of police cars, looting of a local Wal-Mart and stopping traffic on busy interstate I-85. “Just know that all white people are f***king devils,” the man’s brother told reporters Tuesday prior to the protests. “All white cops are f***king devils and white people.” (Content warning: This video contains strong language): EARLIER TODAY Brother of #KeithLamontScott calling white people evil. VIDEO HERE#Charlotte pic.twitter.com/sEHU8oM8OE — The Current Year (@TheeCurrentYear) September 21, 2016 Tuesday’s protests were located in the same area as the fatal shooting, which closed a busy road in the city’s “university area.” However, people on Wednesday told news reporters that they planned to take the protests to the wealthier parts of Charlotte, which are mostly located on the south side of the city and include the “South Park” and “Ballentyne” neighborhoods. But even innocent people were caught up in the protests, which turned violent after dark. One family who was driving in the area of the protests told a WSOC-TV reporter that despite doing nothing wrong, the windshield of their car was smashed by protesters. “Unfortunately with these protesters, they don’t see the difference — we’re people trying to get home, we haven’t done anything wrong,” the unidentified woman said. “I fear that if we hadn’t stopped, they probably would have done something else.” "We haven't done anything wrong." Driver whose windshield was shattered by Charlotte protesters who were throwing rocks off bridges. @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/f7H3azf1Gi — Mark Barber (@MBarberWSOC9) September 21, 2016 More protests are planned for Wednesday, although it is not immediately clear where organizers plan to set up. — Follow the author of this story on Twitter and Facebook: Follow @chrisenloe Share Tweet Rate this story Recommended from the Web 420 Comments Show Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2016 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Latin Grammys 2016 Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony Seal Latin Grammys 2016 Performance With a Kiss Soccer and Rebirth: Carlos Vives Teases New CD/DVD Project, 'Carlos Vives + Amigos' Prince Royce & Gerardo Ortiz Talk Banda Version of 'Moneda' During Facebook Live Marc Anthony Honored by Colleagues During Person of the Year Ceremony: 'I Feel More Alive Than Ever' Fitz & The Tantrums' 'HandClap' Returns to No. 1 on Billboard & Clio's Top TV Commercials Chart 9/21/2016 by Xander Zellner FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Joseph Cultice Fitz and The Tantrums Plus, Whitesnake, Empire of the Sun & Avicii land in the top five. After topping the chart in May and June, Fitz and the Tantrums' "HandClap" returns to No. 1 on Billboard & Clio's Top TV Commercials chart for August. Using tagging data from Shazam, as well as sales and streaming information tracked by Nielsen Music, Billboard partners with Clio Music each month to present a chart ranking the top songs in commercials. Rankings exclude any song that has recently charted within the top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100. A 'HandClap' for Fitz and the Tantrums, Now in the Hot Rock Songs Top 10 "HandClap," featured in FIAT's "Toy Car" ad, reached No. 1 on Top TV Commercials in May and June on the strength of its inclusion in FIAT’s “Room With a View” ad, before falling off the chart in July, when it didn't tally enough points to make the chart. It returns at No. 1 after the "Toy Car" ad debuted. It reclaims the top spot with 68,000 Shazam tags, 44,000 downloads sold and 5.6 million U.S. streams in August, according to Nielsen Music. Whitesnake's 1987 hair-band classic "Here I Go Again" debuts at No. 2 on Top TV Commercials. Featured in Walmart's "Own the First Day" back-to-school-themed ad, the commercial first hit TV screens in early August. The track was powered by 20,000 Shazam tags, 31,000 downloads sold and 2.9 million U.S. streams in August. The song also vaulted 14-2 on the Hard Rock Digital Songs chart dated Aug. 27, up a momentous 278 percent to 9,000 sold (in the sales tracking week ending Aug. 11). It held at No. 2 on the following sales tally, dated Sept. 3, with a 26 percent gain to 12,000 sold (in the week ending Aug. 18). "HandClap" dethrones Empire of the Sun's "Walking on a Dream" (1-3), featured in Honda's "The Dreamer" ad. The song was No. 1 on Top TV Commercials each month from January through April and again in July. Additionally, Avicii vs. Conrad Sewell's "Taste the Feeling" debuts at No. 4 on Top TV Commercials thanks to its synch in Coca-Cola's "Anthem" commercial. The track brought in 31,000 Shazam tags, 10,000 downloads sold and 633,000 U.S. streams in August. The first three songs on the August Top TV Commercials chart were all big hits on Billboard charts prior to their commercial synchs. "HandClap" peaked at No. 5 on the Alternative Songs chart in July; "Here I Go Again" topped the Billboard Hot 100 dated Oct. 10, 1987; and "Walking on a Dream" peaked at No. 3 on Alternative Songs in April. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 15:36 GMT, Nov 18, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Man killed by cop had gun, not book – Charlotte police chief Published time: 21 Sep, 2016 16:44Edited time: 25 Sep, 2016 13:54 Get short URL Police gather around protestors following the fatal police shooting of a black man, with a dozen officers and several demonstrators injured in the violence on September 20, 2016 in Charlotte, North Carolina. © Adam Rhew / AFP Keith Lamont Scott had a gun and ignored officers’ requests to drop it, the Charlotte, North Carolina police chief said. Scott’s family insisted that he was unarmed and reading a book when he was shot by a plainclothes cop, setting off protests. TrendsCharlotte Protest At least 16 police officers were injured in the protests that began after Scott, 43, was shot and killed outside an apartment block in Charlotte on Tuesday. Demonstrators threw rocks at police, broke into an area Walmart and briefly blocked Interstate 85, looting and setting fire to tractor-trailers, police said on Wednesday. “It’s time for the voiceless majority to stand up and be heard," Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters at a press conference Wednesday morning. "It’s time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story’s a little bit different as to how it’s been portrayed so far, especially through social media.” Read more Clashes, tear gas, cops injured after 'disabled, unarmed' black man shot dead by Charlotte police Scott’s car was parked outside the apartment complex where police were looking for another man. When officers arrived, Scott “exited his vehicle armed with a handgun,” Putney said. He ignored “loud, clear verbal commands” to drop the weapon, at which point Officer Brentley Vinson opened fire. Vinson – who, like Putney and Scott, is African-American – has been with the force since 2014. Since he was in plainclothes, he was not wearing a body camera. He was put on administrative leave pending the investigation, a standard police procedure in shootings. Scott’s family has claimed that he was disabled and was only reading a book while waiting to pick up his son from school. His daughter Lyric recorded an hour-long Facebook Live reacting to the shooting, which has since been taken down. However, Putney said that police did not find a book in the car or on Scott, only the handgun. The US Department of Justice said Wednesday it was “aware of” and “assessing” the shooting of Scott. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) held a press conference on Wednesday, where speakers denounced the “racist” police and called for an economic boycott of Charlotte. Mayor Jennifer Roberts appealed for calm and patience as the case was investigated. READ MORE: #TerenceCrutcher shot by police despite being unarmed & having hands in air (GRAPHIC VIDEO) Scott’s death came a day after police in Tulsa, Oklahoma released aerial video showing the death of Terence Crutcher, likewise African-American, who had his hands up when officers opened fire. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton tweeted out the names of both Scott and Crutcher on Wednesday morning, adding “This has got to end.” Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 21, 2016 “The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic,” said Clinton’s Republican rival Donald Trump. During a speech at an Ohio church on Wednesday, he criticized the conduct of the Oklahoma officer, saying that the video showed Crutcher doing everything one was supposed to do. “I don’t know what she was thinking,” Trump said of the officer, “But I’m very, very troubled by that.” Trump gives in-person remarks on the Tulsa shooting for the first time during a campaign event here at the New Spirit Revival Center. pic.twitter.com/ZrOMujs3Ka— Jose A. DelReal (@jdelreal) September 21, 2016 Police in the US have killed 842 people so far in 2016, according to the Killed by Police database, which recorded a total of 1,207 killings by law enforcement officers in 2015. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Opinion Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Opinion Home Todd Starnes Dana Perino Greg Gutfeld Karl Rove KT McFarland Andrew Napolitano Todd's American Dispatch A question for Charlotte: How does looting a Walmart, burning a truck advance your cause? By Todd Starnes Published September 21, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print   It was a night of terror in Charlotte, North Carolina. A rioting mob shut down Interstate 85 -- attacking terrified motorists. One female truck driver cried as she told a reporter that her cargo was being set on fire. Looters pillaged and plundered a Walmart. More than a dozen police officers were injured -- along with civilians and at least three reporters. To continue reading Todd Starnes column, click here. Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is "God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values." Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook. Advertisement TRENDING IN OPINION 1 President-elect Trump, here’s how to create millions of jobs in your first 100 days 2 Four essential things Douglas MacArthur would tell President-elect Donald Trump 3 The five essential reasons Hillary lost (no, she can't blame Comey) 4 Steve Forbes: Rudy Giuliani deserves better from anti-Trump activists 5 Students told not to fly Old Glory over fears of post-election backlash Opinion Newsletter Don't miss a minute of opinion. Sign up for our newsletter now Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
null
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Woman shares photos of man dragging his daughter by her hair through a Walmart store Posted September 21, 2016 4:21 pm by admin Comments These photos, shared online by a woman named Erika Burch, shows a man dragging a little girl believed to be his daughter, by her hair in a Walmart store in Cleveland, Texas. Erika Burch was shopping with her partner when she spotted it In a Facebook post that has now been shared more than 126,000 times, Burch revealed the child was pleading for the man to stop as he dragged her down the aisles but he simply ignored her. The little girl reportedly said: “Please Stop, I promise I won’t do it again. Please Stop.” When the man was confronted, he reportedly told Erika to mind her business. When she insisted, the man replied saying “I grew up just fine.” Erika then tried to alert the Police and a cop who happened to be in the store, came running along. However, he had to wait for his sergeant to arrive at the scene before making any arrest. Once the sergeant arrived, he brushed it off, saying they couldn’t take the man to Jail because there was no visible bruises nor was any hair missing. That in order for it to be classified as abuse, there had to be bodily injury to the child. The Cleveland Police Department were notified and they revealed that Child Protective Service (CPS) has been contacted and a joint investigation is taking place. More photos below… This post first appeared on Linda Ikeji’s Blog. Read the original story here. Welcome to Linda Ikeji’s Blog What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Watch as women engage in free for all fight in Chicago Walmart store Video shared on YouTube shows four women engaged in a mass brawl all claws and fangs. They pull and tug... Such a Cutie! 2Shotz shares First Photos & Name of his Newborn Daughter Major congrats to 2Shotz and his wife Precious. The couple are celebrating the birth of their first child together –... Dr Sid. shares new beautiful photos of his daughter Proud Dad, Dr Sid shared new photos of his princess-Sydney. She looks so adorable! Welcome to Linda Ikeji’s Blog... Chinese Woman Sparks Outrage After Taking N3ked Daughter Shopping (Photos) A mother in China has been blasted for taking her naked daughter shopping. The woman was spotted with the child... Detectives Release Image Of Woman Who Abused 6-Year Old At Mothercare Store Detectives have appealed for help in identifying a woman who was filmed aiming a flurry of savage kicks at a... Mercy Johnson Okojie Shares New Photos of her Baby Daughter + Find out her Baby’s Name! Nollywood actress Mercy Johnson Okojie has shared new adorable photos of the latest addition to her family. The actress gave... Jude Okoye shares cute photos of his daughter’s first day in school P Square Manager and music producer, Jude Okoye took to Instagram to share sweet photos of his adorable daughter, Emma... Comedian IGoSave shares cute photos of his daughter as she turns 2 ?Ace comedian IGoSave shared cute photos and sent a loving message to his daughter Aliana Oghenemaro Olamide Onodjayeke as she... Photos/Video: Man shoots woman four times in the middle of a crowded store A 35-year-old customer was shot as she picked out goods from the shelves in a convenience store on Wednesday evening,... New photos of Benny Harlem & his daughter Jaxyn’s incredibly long natural hair Benny Harlem & his daughter Jaxyn’s amazing natural hair has still got people talking. Benny Harlem shared some new photos... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest News   PoliticsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Diaspora   JobsNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9ja   Surebet247TV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting Surebet247.com Merrybet.com Bet9ja.com Nairabet.com 1960bet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG (YOruba HAusa IGbo) 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria.
null
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Vikings superfan ‘Sir Death’ spent drug money… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Car takes nosedive Winter finally coming ‘Man up’ New recycling carts Hewitt loves ‘Loving’ Prince (the giraffe) New Woodbury cinema News Crime & Police Vikings superfan ‘Sir Death’ spent drug money on team tickets, merch, tattoos, charges say Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Forum News Service PUBLISHED: September 21, 2016 at 11:14 am | UPDATED: September 22, 2016 at 8:14 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Twin Cities to get a taste of winter today. There’s good news and bad news. Cop shoots suspect after he ‘blew doors off’ squad car in 130 mph chase N.D. Jefferson expert tells University of Virginia students to ‘man up’ Gun brought by 7-year-old goes off at St. Paul elementary school Shepard Road reopens after truck driver hits bridge, is trapped in wreckage St. Paul teacher on leave following election-related remarks A Stillwater man who is well known in Minnesota Vikings fandom as “Sir Death” was allegedly connected to more than 170 pounds of seized marijuana after drug seizures this month. Authorities found 129 packages of marijuana, weighing about 1 pound each, at a storage facility in Houlton, Wis., and another 40 pounds in a traffic stop in Stillwater on Sept. 8. Karl R. Heinrichs. Heinrichs, 44, of Stillwater, was arrested on Sept. 8, 2016 after authorities found more than 134 pounds of marijuana in a Houlton, Wis. storage space rented to him.  (Photo courtesy of the Washington County Sheriff’s Office) The suspect, 44-year-old Karl R. Heinrichs, was charged Sept. 9 in St. Croix County Circuit Court with felony THC possession with intent to deliver. He was being held in Washington County jail in lieu of $200,000 bail while awaiting transfer to St. Croix County, according to jail staff. He is also charged in Washington County with two additional counts of felony drug sales. Heinrichs, a member of the Viking World Order group of hardcore fans, dons a macabre costume topped with a mask featuring protruding bones in his role as “Sir Death.” He has been a fixture among Viking World Order cohorts at games — and during tailgating sessions — where the demonstrative group rallies fans and players. The drug bust began Sept. 8 when Washington County investigators got a tip that Heinrichs was picking up 200 pounds of marijuana from someone who may have 1,500 pounds of pot en route to Kansas City, according to the Minnesota charging document. Karl Heinrichs, aka Sir Death, right, checks out some photos on a camera during the Vikings Draft Party April 26, 2012, at the Metrodome in Minneapolis. (Pioneer Press: John Autey) Events began unfolding the next day when a search warrant was executed at Heinrichs’ home and about 153 grams of marijuana and marijuana wax was allegedly found. Investigators continued watching the home and observed Heinrichs drive to the Oak Park Heights Walmart, where he met up with someone driving a Chevrolet Suburban. Both vehicles were then tracked heading to Houlton, where investigators lost track of them until they re-entered Minnesota on the Stillwater bridge. As St. Croix County authorities investigated the Houlton area, Washington County investigators followed Heinrichs to his Stillwater home and allegedly watched him transfer a Vikings cooler and a black bag into a Jeep parked there. Officers stopped the Jeep near Heinrichs’ home as it drove off. A search of the vehicle turned up more than 31 pounds of pot and more than nine pounds of marijuana wax, according to a Washington County complaint. The Jeep’s driver told authorities Heinrichs contacted him to pick up the marijuana for sales. The driver, who was not identified in the complaint, said he knew there was pot in the cooler and he intended to sell the contents and give Heinrichs the proceeds. “He said he knew the defendant from Vikings games,” the complaint states. Heinrichs was arrested and admitted to meeting a man in a black SUV and that they drove to Houlton, where Heinrichs rented a storage unit and kept the pot. “(Heinrichs) stated he was in debt from student loans and credit cards as well as from the loss of marijuana that was seized after he was arrested in Detroit Lakes, Minnesota,” the complaint states — and goes on to note that Heinrichs faces drug possession charges there. Authorities unloaded more than 134 pounds of suspected marijuana after executing a search warrant Sept. 8, 2016, at a storage unit in Houlton, Wis. (St. Croix County sheriff’s office via Forum News Service) Heinrichs allegedly told investigators the pot he possessed was “fronted” to him so he could recoup some of the loss from the Detroit Lakes seizure. He said he used the drug money to buy pinball machines, arcade games, Vikings merchandise, season tickets for the football team and tattoos. “He stated he spends the money as fast as he gets it as he knows it will be taken from him,” the complaint states. A search of his home allegedly turned up several containers of marijuana wax in a garage freezer. The complaint describes the garage as a “Vikings man cave,” replete with a Vikings pool table, team-themed bar accessories and photos of him in his Sir Death costume. Related Articles One dead in shooting outside Minneapolis pizza restaurant Appeals court blocks ‘Making a Murderer’ inmate’s release St. Anthony cop charged in Philando Castile’s killing turns himself in Cop shoots suspect after he ‘blew doors off’ squad car in 130 mph chase Appeals court blocks ‘Making a Murderer’ inmate’s release “It appeared that he played an active role in drug activity in the area,” said St. Croix County sheriff’s office chief deputy Scott Knudson. He said there is an active investigation probing the source of the marijuana. Heinrichs makes his initial court appearance in Washington County on Oct. 17. His initial St. Croix County court appearance had not yet been set by Monday, Sept. 19. Tags:  Crime,  Washington County,  Wisconsin Forum News Service You can help us improve our commenting space. Take our survey and follow our terms of use. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Crime & Police Motorcyclist dies in crash on I-35 in Forest Lake November 18, 2016, 7:44 am A male motorcyclist died early Friday morning in a crash on Interstate 35 in Forest Lake. The Minnesota State Patrol reported that the crash occurred at 4:43 a.m. in the northbound lanes of the interstate near milepost 131. No other vehicles were involved. No details have yet been released about the victim. Read More Jacob Wetterling’s confessed killer to be sentenced Monday November 18, 2016, 7:00 am In a federal courthouse in September, Patty and Jerry Wetterling sat in the front row and cried as they listened to what Danny Heinrich said he did to their 11-year-old son Jacob on the night he was abducted and killed almost three decades ago. On Monday morning, Heinrich is expected to hear from the Wetterlings for the first time. Patty... Read More One dead in shooting outside Minneapolis pizza restaurant November 17, 2016, 11:57 pm A man was shot to death at a North Minneapolis pizza restaurant Thursday morning. Officers responded about 11 a.m. to reports of gunshots at Broadway and Bryant avenues, where they found a man who had been shot outside Little Caesar’s, according to a news release issued by the Minneapolis Police Department. Paramedics pronounced the man dead at the scene. He has not yet been identified.... Read More Oops: Man’s car sails out of second-floor garage, takes a nosedive November 17, 2016, 11:11 pm A man accidentally drove his vehicle through his second-story garage at his southwest Brainerd apartment and slammed into the pavement below, but avoided serious injury. Read More Appeals court blocks ‘Making a Murderer’ inmate’s release November 17, 2016, 9:02 pm A Wisconsin prison inmate whose case was featured in the Netflix series “Making a Murderer” will stay behind bars while state attorneys appeal a decision overturning his conviction, a panel of federal appellate judges ruled Thursday. Read More Father gets 36 years for fatally beating year-old daughter in Cottage Grove November 18, 2016, 9:11 am A St. Paul man was sentenced to 36 years in prison Thursday for beating his year-old daughter to death in Cottage Grove two years ago. Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
MENU GO 66 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa I-85 reopens after protests shut it down overnight following a fatal police shooting By Kristy Steward 1474453180000 Police fire tear gas into the crowd of protesters on Old Concord Road late Tuesday night, Sept. 20, 2016, in Charlotte, N.C. A black police officer shot an armed black man at an apartment complex Tuesday, authorities said, prompting angry street protests late into the night. The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department tweeted that demonstrators were destroying marked police vehicles and that approximately 12 officers had been injured, including one who was hit in the face with a rock. (Ely Portillo/The Charlotte Observer via AP) View Photo Gallery6 photos 0shares   tweet now! 0shares   tweet now! More Media A black police officer shot an armed black man at an apartment complex Tuesday, authorities said, prompting angry street protests late into the night. WLOS — CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Authorities used tear gas to disperse protesters, officers were injured and a highway was shut down during protests in Charlotte, North Carolina, over the fatal shooting of a black man by police who said he was armed and posed a threat. The protests broke out Tuesday after 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott was fatally shot by a black officer at an apartment complex on the city's northeast side. They continued into early Wednesday morning, when TV footage showed dozens of protesters on Interstate 85 apparently looting semi-trucks and setting their contents on fire on the highway. Neither the North Carolina Highway Patrol nor Charlotte police could immediately be reached for comment. The North Carolina Department of Transportation website showed a portion of I-85 near UNC Charlotte was closed in both directions early Wednesday. The website said the closure was due to police activity. Tuesday night, a larger group of demonstrators gathered near the scene of the shooting. The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department tweeted that demonstrators were destroying marked police vehicles and that approximately 12 officers had been injured, including one who was hit in the face with a rock. Photos and TV video showed police firing tear gas to break up the crowd. Some officers were in riot gear. By 5 a.m. Wednesday, the streets were quiet with no protesters in sight. Broken glass and rocks littered the ground where a police car had been vandalized. Less than 5 miles away, wooden pallets barricaded the entrance of a Wal-Mart that had apparently been looted. The unrest in Charlotte came just hours after another demonstration in Tulsa, Oklahoma, over the shooting there of an unarmed black man by police. Charlotte police officers went to the complex about 4 p.m. looking for a suspect with an outstanding warrant when they saw Scott — who was not the suspect they were looking for — inside a car, department spokesman Keith Trietley said in a statement. Officers saw Scott get out of the car with a gun and then get back in, Trietley said. When officers approached, the man exited the car with the gun again. At that point, officers deemed the man a threat and at least one fired a weapon, he said. Scott was taken to Carolinas Medical Center and pronounced dead. Officer Brentley Vinson, who shot Scott, has been placed on administrative leave, which is standard procedure in such cases. Vinson has been with the department for two years. Detectives recovered a gun at the scene and were interviewing witnesses, Trietley said. Police blocked access to the area, which is about a mile from the campus of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, as protesters gathered after the shooting. Video from WCCB-TV in Charlotte showed police in riot gear stretched across a two-lane road confronting protesters at the apartment complex later in the night. Some of the officers flanked the main line on one side of the road. Some protesters were heard yelling "Black lives matter," and "Hands up, don't shoot!" One person held up a sign saying "Stop Killing Us." Other footage showed protesters lingering around a police vehicle after shattering its windows. One television news crew retreated from the scene after demonstrators began rocking their remote van, which was parked near the apartment complex where the shooting occurred. Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts appealed for calm and tweeted that "the community deserves answers." In Tulsa, hundreds of people rallied outside police headquarters calling for the firing of police officer Betty Shelby, who shot 40-year-old Terence Crutcher on Friday during a confrontation in the middle of a road that was captured on police dashcam and helicopter video. Shelby's attorney has said Crutcher was not following the officers' commands and that Shelby was concerned because he kept reaching for his pocket as if he were carrying a weapon. An attorney representing Crutcher's family says Crutcher committed no crime and gave officers no reason to shoot him. Local and federal investigations into that shooting are ongoing. ___ Associated Press writer Steve Reed contributed to this report. More Media A black police officer shot an armed black man at an apartment complex Tuesday, authorities said, prompting angry street protests late into the night. close Trending Offbeat News updated Baking soda confused for cocaine lands innocent couple behind bars Sweden stops sale of New Zealand beer out of explosion fear Waitress gets $330 tip on $26 bill: 'I was shaking' FOLLOW US ON TWITTER QUICK LINKS News Weather Sports WLOS INFORMATION Terms & Conditions Copyright Notices Privacy Policy EEO Public File Report FCC Info Public File Assistance Contact News Team Careers Contests STAY CONNECTED Asheville, NC ©   Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. ©   WLOS | Portions are ©  Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or distributed. WLOS News 13 provides local news, weather forecasts, traffic updates, notices of events and items of interest in the community, sports and entertainment programming for Asheville, NC and nearby towns and communities in Western North Carolina and the Upstate of South Carolina, including the counties of Buncombe, Henderson, Rutherford, Haywood, Polk, Transylvania, McDowell, Mitchell, Madison, Yancey, Jackson, Swain, Macon, Graham, Spartanburg, Greenville, Anderson, Union, Pickens, Oconee, Laurens, Greenwood, Abbeville and also Biltmore Forest, Woodfin, Leicester, Black Mountain, Montreat, Arden, Weaverville, Hendersonville, Etowah, Flat Rock, Mills River, Waynesville, Maggie Valley, Canton, Clyde, Franklin, Cullowhee, Sylva, Cherokee, Marion, Old Fort, Forest City, Lake Lure, Bat Cave, Spindale, Spruce Pine, Bakersville, Burnsville, Tryon, Columbus, Marshall, Mars Hill, Brevard, Bryson City, Cashiers, Greer, Landrum, Clemson, Gaffney, and Easley.
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News Top Stories General Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Finance Showtime Nollywood Music Videos Celebrities AMAA Music Artists Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News International Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | News | General | Violent protests over US police fatal shooting of black man Nigerian Man Charged With The Murder Of Congolese Woman And Her Nephew In The UK Police arrest four suspected killers of Catholic priest Violent protests over US police fatal shooting of black man Mandy Oteng 21/09/2016 10:34:00 4 0 View Comments Protests and looting rocked a North Carolina city early Wednesday, following the fatal police shooting of a black man, with a dozen officers and several demonstrators injured in the violence. Media reported that several hundred people gathered to protest the shooting of 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott, who was African-American, as was the officer who killed him. The shooting was the latest in a string involving black men killed at the hands of police, which has fueled outrage nationwide. Demonstrations began late Tuesday and grew through much of the night near an apartment complex in the city of Charlotte, where the shooting occurred. As news of the shooting spread, protesters gathered, carrying signs that read “Black Lives Matter” and chanting “No justice, no peace!” Later in the night, some protesters in Charlotte set fires blocking a major road, and others set trucks ablaze, according to news reports. A local television station reported that looters attempted to break into a Walmart store — some throwing rocks and shattering glass doors — and were held back at the entrance by officers. – Series of shootings – The violence comes just days after another police shooting, captured on video, of an unarmed black man in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Together, they are the latest in a series of recent police shootings — from Baton Rouge, Louisiana to Dallas, Texas — that have left the African American community demanding law enforcement reforms and greater accountability from public officials. News reports said the officer in Tuesday’s shooting, Brentley Vinson, has been put on paid leave. WSOC-TV reported that the Charlotte shooting occurred as Vinson and other officers were searching for a suspect on an outstanding arrest warrant. Police encountered Scott — who was not the person they were seeking — in a car parked at the building. “At this point, all we know (is) they were in the apartment complex parking lot,” Charlotte-Mecklenberg Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters late Tuesday. “This subject gets out with a weapon. They engage him, and one of the officers felt a lethal threat and fired his weapon because of that.” Police said Scott had a firearm, which is legal under local law “open carry” gun laws. His relatives told local media, however, that he was not carrying a gun, but had a book in his hands when he was gunned down. Charlotte police donned riot gear and used tear gas as they tried to subdue the angry crowd, which authorities said attacked and damaged several police cars over the course of the night. The police department said on Twitter that “approximately 12 officers injured. One officer hit in face with a rock.” A separate police department tweet said the wounded officers were “injured tonight working to protect our community during demonstration.” – Appeal for calm – Meanwhile, Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts appealed for calm. “The community deserves answers and full investigation will ensue,” she wrote on Twitter. “Will be reaching out to community leaders to work together.” The fatal shooting in Tulsa last Friday of Terence Crutcher was recorded by police car dashboard cameras and a police helicopter camera. Tulsa Police Chief Chuck Jordan, in releasing the footage to the public Monday, called it disturbing and “very difficult to watch.” In the video, the 40-year-old Crutcher is seen with his hands up, appearing to comply with police officers and leaning against his car. He is then shot once by officer Betty Shelby, and falls to the ground. Another officer fires his stun gun. “We will achieve justice in this case,” the Tulsa police chief told a news conference. “We will do the right thing. We will not cover anything up.” The US Department of Justice said on Monday it would conduct a federal civil rights probe, an investigation parallel to the one local authorities in the state are carrying out. “It’s just continuation of the same thing, over and over and over again,” Crutcher’s father, Joey Crutcher, told CNN Wednesday morning in the immediate aftermath of the Charlotte protests. “And it’s perpetuated against people of color more than anything else.” Rate this article 0 CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: General view more articles About Article Author Webby View More Articles Related Articles Former Biafra Vice President Philip Effiong's 91st Posthumous Birthday Is Today UN Director Human Resources Reveals: What Nigerians Must Do to Get UN Jobs Air Force Officials Attack Workers In Ilorin Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest Nigeria News 6 Guaranteed Politicians Tinubu Would Rely On As APC Crisis Thickens Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) Ghastly Accident At Ikeja-Along This Morning (Photo) SAD! Naked Corpses Of Rape Victims Dumped In Ikorodu, Lagos (Graphic Photos) Top 5 Deadliest Bank Robberies Across Nigeria In 2015 (Photos) Notorious Armed Robbers Police Arrested In Port Harcourt (Photo) SAD: Vehicle Crushes 4 Year Old Girl In Mother’s Shop In Lagos Cult Members Kill 2 Traders Over Toll Ooni of Ife’s Coronation Ceremony Begins (Photos) Prostitution In Nigeria: 3500 Male Sex Workers Discovered In Abuja Deplorable State Of Nigerians Deported From The UK Murtala Muhammed’s Uncle, Magajin Garin Kano, Dies At 98 Funny! Driver Fakes Own Death To Evade Fine In Calabar (Photo) Little Girl, Kehinde Adebiyi Suffering From Cancer Needs Your Help Port Harcourt As Residents Dig Up Frozen Chicken Buried By Custom Officials Wickedness! New-Born Baby Found In A Bush In Ilorin (Graphic Photos) Police Shoots Bus Driver Dead At FESTAC/Mile 2 Road, Lagos (Video) I Have Forgiven My Critics - Ooni Of Ife-Elect, Adeyeye Ogunwusi Student Shot Dead By Alleged Cultists At Imo State University Yesterday Woman Gives Birth To A 'Mystery Baby' In Lagos (Photos) Touching! One Legged Man Washing A Car While Balancing On A Stick (Video) OMG! See The Long Snake Found In A Nigerian Student's Locker (Photos) Military Pilot Who Died In Yola Plane Crash Buried (Photos) Trending Stories Lady Mandy: Popular Gay Nigerian Surfaces As Transgender 0 Four Nigerian Men Convicted Of Engaging In Homos3xual Activities Whipped Publicly 0 Polls show Nigerians support anti same-sex Bill 0 British PM David Cameron to persuade Jonathan to give equal rights to gays and lesbians 0 Britain may suspend aid to Nigeria over Gay bill 0 show all articles Top Stories Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 0 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office 0 Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar 0 Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers 0 Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment 0 I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister 0 NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues 0 Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide 0 Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK 0 President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode 0 Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari 0 Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah 0 Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You 0 Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta 0 show all articles More from General JUST IN: Deadly BLOW for APC as Akeredolu clashes with Ambode, N10b involved Buhari doesn’t pay Obasanjo, Jonathan, IBB, others salaries for 10 months Famous Nigerian seen at MMM party (See Photos)  “He Is Not A 7-Year-Old Boy”- Man Reveals “Why The Thief Was Killed” In Lagos 2 rejected as Senate confirms Buhari’s nominees for Supreme Court, INEC, NCC show all articles Popular Articles Nood Photos of 24-year-old Ukrainian Girl Appointed Minister Floods the Internet BREAKING: Dasuki dies in Abuja "Boko Haram Can’t Exist If I Were President" – Atiku Abubakar Fight Breaks Out During Distribution Of Relief Materials To Refugees In Abuja IDP Camp Frisky Couple Smiles For The Camera After Being Spotted Naked On A Balcony.. Photo Recommended President Buhari Inaugurates Boards Of NNPC, NCDMB And NNRA UN Director Human Resources Reveals: What Nigerians Must Do to Get UN Jobs Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar Reveals: My Family Members Always Die Before Age 70 LifeStyle Articles 10 Top Secrets To A Successful Life Her Parents Banned Them From Being Together 65 Years Ago, Now They Are Finally Getting Married How Long Should You Wait Before Having S3x In A New Relationship? 9 Nigerian Confessions About Relationships That Will Blow Your Mind Fast Rising Actress Reveals: Married Men Ask Me For S3x How To Know If You Are A Member Of A Cult? Why Nigerian Ladies Die For Men With Big P3nis Read Shocking Reasons Why Woman Marry Her Boyfriend Who Infected Her Wit HIV Economic S3x: 1 Important Thing To Remember Apply Perfume On This Body Part if You Want It To Last All Day Most Read Articles James Rackover had a criminal past and lived with Jeffrey Rackover in New York James Rackover, 25, and Lawrence Dilione, 28, have been charged with the murder of Joseph Comunale, 26 The men are charged with second-degree murder, tampering with Lisa Lynn Masters commits suicide in hotel room while on a modeling trip to Peru Lisa Lynn Masters was found dead in her room in Lima on Tuesday night  Employees of the Nuevo Mundo hotel found her and called authorities Officials New crowdfunding scheme debuts in Lagos My Family Liberty (MLF), a new crowd-funding effort to help lift people out of poverty has been launched. The CEO of the scheme, Pastor Francis Ben-Adesokan, Kaley Cuoco's nose job, boob job and neck fillers helped boost confidence By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 12:50 EST, 17 November 2016 | Updated: 13:38 EST, 17 November 2016 Kaley Cuoco calls plastic surgery the JUST IN: Deadly BLOW for APC as Akeredolu clashes with Ambode, N10b involved Aketi Support Group, a coalition of groups in favour of Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the forth-coming election in show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Godwin Obaseki Sworn In As Edo Governor (Photos) Godwin Obaseki has been sworn in as Edo state governor in a colour ceremony attended by people from all walks of life See photos:         View gallery 9 Photos Leak Photos: Lagos Pornstar Releases Eye Popping Photos And Video With His N@ked Girls Popular Nigerian porn film actor producer identified only as King T.blak who is the founder and CEO of H.O.C Lifestyle, has taken to his social View gallery 9 Photos World News Mnangagwa and King speak on corporate governance 0 Chiyangwa orders clubs not to associate with 'rouge' Highlanders officials 0 Lawyer and 40 arrested in Harare 0 show all articles Popular Articles REVEALED: ‘Lagos boy’ burnt to death for stealing garri was not 7 years old 0 James Rackover had a criminal past and lived with Jeffrey Rackover in New York 0 NSA 'has secret windowless spy tower codenamed TITANPOINTE in the middle of New York' 0 show all articles Latest News Appeal Court Adjourns Judgement On Ondo PDP Tussle 0 Man Kills Big Catfish For His Wife To Celebrate The Birth Of Their Baby Boy 0 President Buhari Inaugurates Boards Of NNPC, NCDMB And NNRA 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
