HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Just Made 2 Big Stock Moves Fox News Fox Business News Warren Buffett&#039;s Berkshire Hathaway Just Made 2 Big Stock Moves By Matthew Frankel - November 20, 2016 64 Image source: The Motley Fool. Continue Reading Below In a recently released SEC filing, it was revealed that Warren Buffett-led Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-A) (NYSE: BRK-B) had opened new stakes in all four major U.S. airlines, which came as a big surprise to many of the company’s shareholders, myself included. In addition, Buffett and company got rid of more than two-thirds of a stake it has held for some time. Here are the details of these two moves and why the company might have made them. A surprising bet on airlines Berkshire’s SEC filings revealed stakes in American Airlines (NASDAQ: AAL), Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL), and United Continental Holdings (NYSE: UAL). Separately, Buffett revealed that Berkshire had also purchased shares of Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) after the third quarter ended. More From Fool.com This was a surprise to Berkshire shareholders, particularly because Buffett has been negative on airlines throughout much of his investing career, ever since a 1989 investment in US Airways preferred stock went sour. For the next several years, he referred to the investment as a mistake, and in 2007 he said, “The worst sort of business is one that grows rapidly, requires significant capital to engender the growth, then earns little or no money. Think airlines.” Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Per his usual policy, Buffett didn’t say why he made the airline investments, but there are a few things Berkshire followers should know. For starters, as my colleague Adam Levine-Weinberg pointed out in a separate article, airline stocks plunged in late June in the wake of the Brexit vote, just before the start of the third quarter. In fact, a couple of the airlines have rallied by more than 50% since then. So, it’s possible that Buffett or his stock pickers simply saw deeply undervalued stocks and wanted to take advantage. DAL data by YCharts. In addition, the airline business has changed significantly since Buffett last dipped his toes in the water. Airlines have done a good job of keeping expenses in check in recent years, and have produced strong margins. All are generating strong cash flow, and have been aggressive about returning capital to shareholders. A not-so-surprising sale In a less-surprising move, Berkshire reported that it got rid of about 70% of its stake in Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE: WMT), a large amount of stock that is valued at about $2.1 billion as I write this. I say that this isn’t much of a surprise for a couple of reasons. First, Berkshire has been disposing of its Wal-Mart stake in recent quarters. The previous sales have been much smaller, but it has become clear that Berkshire has a somewhat bearish view of Wal-Mart right now. While we don’t know for sure exactly why Berkshire is getting rid of Wal-Mart, I can say with confidence that it is becoming less of a “Buffett stock.” Specifically, it has been gradually losing the competitive advantage it enjoyed in the pre-internet economy. In its prime, Wal-Mart was able to undercut virtually every other retailer, thanks to its scale, no-frills store design, and efficient distribution network. These days, this simply isn’t the case. Internet retailers, particularly Amazon.com, can operate just as efficiently as Wal-Mart, and as a result, Wal-Mart’s market share has begun to erode. To be perfectly clear, Wal-Mart will be just fine as a business, but an eroding market share and competitive advantage are the exact opposite of what Warren Buffett likes to see in his stock investments. Should you follow Buffett? Not necessarily. I wouldn’t go so far as to call the airlines a bad investment right now, but it’s safe to say that they’re significantly more expensive than the price Buffett paid for them. And Wal-Mart still has a bright future ahead of it, in my opinion, so I’d be reluctant to sell if I were already a shareholder. It can be a great idea to follow the moves of billionaire investors — not necessarily to make the same moves, but for the investing lessons that can be learned. For example, in Wal-Mart’s case, the lesson is “when the reasons you originally bought a stock no longer apply, it’s time to reevaluate your investment.” There are valuable lessons you can learn from all of Buffett’s investment activity, so it’s important to read between the lines when he (or another billionaire) buys or sells a stock. Forget the 2016 Election: 10 stocks we like better than Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) Donald Trump was just elected president, and volatility is up. But here’s why you should ignore the election: Investing geniuses Tom and David Gardner have spent a long time beating the market no matter who’s in the White House. In fact, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Matthew Frankel owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous article9 Indra Nooyi Quotes on Leadership, Diversity, and Business That Will Make You a Better Investor Next articleKenya police kill 4 suspected extremists at Somali border Matthew Frankel RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Tesla? 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know How Close Is Facebook to Monetizing Messenger and WhatsApp? What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Just Made 2 Big Stock Moves Berkshire made a surprising purchase, and a not-so-surprising stock sale during the third quarter of 2016. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Nov 19, 2016 at 8:23AM Image source: The Motley Fool. In a recently released SEC filing, it was revealed that Warren Buffett-led Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) had opened new stakes in all four major U.S. airlines, which came as a big surprise to many of the company's shareholders, myself included. In addition, Buffett and company got rid of more than two-thirds of a stake it has held for some time. Here are the details of these two moves and why the company might have made them. A surprising bet on airlines Berkshire's SEC filings revealed stakes in American Airlines (NASDAQ:AAL), Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL), and United Continental Holdings (NYSE:UAL). Separately, Buffett revealed that Berkshire had also purchased shares of Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV) after the third quarter ended. This was a surprise to Berkshire shareholders, particularly because Buffett has been negative on airlines throughout much of his investing career, ever since a 1989 investment in US Airways preferred stock went sour. For the next several years, he referred to the investment as a mistake, and in 2007 he said, "The worst sort of business is one that grows rapidly, requires significant capital to engender the growth, then earns little or no money. Think airlines." Per his usual policy, Buffett didn't say why he made the airline investments, but there are a few things Berkshire followers should know. For starters, as my colleague Adam Levine-Weinberg pointed out in a separate article, airline stocks plunged in late June in the wake of the Brexit vote, just before the start of the third quarter. In fact, a couple of the airlines have rallied by more than 50% since then. So, it's possible that Buffett or his stock pickers simply saw deeply undervalued stocks and wanted to take advantage. DAL data by YCharts. In addition, the airline business has changed significantly since Buffett last dipped his toes in the water. Airlines have done a good job of keeping expenses in check in recent years, and have produced strong margins. All are generating strong cash flow, and have been aggressive about returning capital to shareholders. A not-so-surprising sale In a less-surprising move, Berkshire reported that it got rid of about 70% of its stake in Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), a large amount of stock that is valued at about $2.1 billion as I write this. I say that this isn't much of a surprise for a couple of reasons. First, Berkshire has been disposing of its Wal-Mart stake in recent quarters. The previous sales have been much smaller, but it has become clear that Berkshire has a somewhat bearish view of Wal-Mart right now. While we don't know for sure exactly why Berkshire is getting rid of Wal-Mart, I can say with confidence that it is becoming less of a "Buffett stock." Specifically, it has been gradually losing the competitive advantage it enjoyed in the pre-internet economy. In its prime, Wal-Mart was able to undercut virtually every other retailer, thanks to its scale, no-frills store design, and efficient distribution network. These days, this simply isn't the case. Internet retailers, particularly Amazon.com, can operate just as efficiently as Wal-Mart, and as a result, Wal-Mart's market share has begun to erode. To be perfectly clear, Wal-Mart will be just fine as a business, but an eroding market share and competitive advantage are the exact opposite of what Warren Buffett likes to see in his stock investments. Should you follow Buffett? Not necessarily. I wouldn't go so far as to call the airlines a bad investment right now, but it's safe to say that they're significantly more expensive than the price Buffett paid for them. And Wal-Mart still has a bright future ahead of it, in my opinion, so I'd be reluctant to sell if I were already a shareholder. It can be a great idea to follow the moves of billionaire investors -- not necessarily to make the same moves, but for the investing lessons that can be learned. For example, in Wal-Mart's case, the lesson is "when the reasons you originally bought a stock no longer apply, it's time to reevaluate your investment." There are valuable lessons you can learn from all of Buffett's investment activity, so it's important to read between the lines when he (or another billionaire) buys or sells a stock. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 8:23AM Financials Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.54 down $0.65 (-0.94%) Southwest Airlines NYSE:LUV $47.06 up $0.37 (0.79%) United Continental Holdings NYSE:UAL $68.29 up $0.43 (0.63%) Delta Air Lines NYSE:DAL $48.90 up $0.39 (0.80%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,391.00 down $-1,159.00 (-0.49%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $157.75 down $0.64 (-0.40%) American Airlines Group NASDAQ:AAL $46.26 up $0.43 (0.94%) Read More Berkshire Hathaway Earnings Preview: What You Should Know 3 Valuable Lessons from Warren Buffett’s Portfolio Is Warren Buffett Abandoning Wells Fargo? How Wells Fargo Just Dodged a Bullet Warren Buffett's 2 Worst Stocks of 2016 So Far Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 4 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Wal-Mart tackles food safety with trial of Blockchain If you shop at Wal-Mart, you might be buying packaged produce unlike any ever sold in a U.S. store. Post to Facebook Wal-Mart tackles food safety with trial of Blockchain If you shop at Wal-Mart, you might be buying packaged produce unlike any ever sold in a U.S. store.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2g95R4a {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Wal-Mart tackles food safety with trial of Blockchain Olga Kharif, Bloomberg 7:10 p.m. EST November 19, 2016 With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to obtain crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who inspected it. (Photo: Danny Johnston / AP file photo) If you shop at Wal-Mart, you might be buying packaged produce unlike any ever sold in a U.S. store. The sliced apples or cut broccoli — the merchant won’t say what’s involved exactly — are being used to test blockchain, a new database technology. If successful, the trial could change how Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which serves some 260 million customers a week, monitors food and takes action when something goes wrong. That could spur big leaps in food safety, cut costs and save lives. Like most merchants, the world’s largest retailer struggles to identify and remove food that’s been recalled. When a customer becomes ill, it can take days to identify the product, shipment and vendor. With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to obtain crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who inspected it. The database extends information from the pallet to the individual package. “It gives them an ability to have an accounting from origin to completion,”said Marshal Cohen, an analyst at researcher NPD Group Inc. “If there’s an issue with an outbreak of E. coli, this gives them an ability to immediately find where it came from. That’s the difference between days and minutes.” It’s also the difference between pulling a few tainted packages and yanking all the spinach from hundreds of stores, according to Frank Yiannas, vice president of food safety at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart. “With blockchain, you can do strategic removals, and let consumers and companies have confidence,” Yiannas said. “We believe that enhanced traceability is good for other aspects of the food systems. We hope you could capture other important attributes that would inform decisions around food flows, and even get more efficient at it.” More than 1,000 foodborne outbreaks investigated by state and local health departments are reported each year, according to the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention. The CDC estimates roughly 48 million people are afflicted annually, with 128,000 hospitalized and 3,000 dying. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. has suffered a year of falling sales as a result of several outbreaks. Packaged Produce In October, Wal-Mart started tracking two products using blockchain: a packaged produce item in the U.S., and pork in China.While only two items were included, the test involved thousands of packages shipped to multiple stores. The blockchain is a distributed ledger where companies doing business with each other — such as growers, distributors and retailers — can record transactions securely. The database’s strength lies in its trustworthiness: the difficulty of reversing or changing what’s been recorded. The blockchain database can also hold much more data than what retailers get today, providing tools for more detailed analysis. That could help Wal-Mart deliver food to stores faster, reducing spoilage and waste. Cutting costs is critical for all retailers. Last year, retail sales rose only 2.1 percent, the smallest gain since 2009, according to Retail Industry Leaders Association. Traditional offline retailers continue to be pressured by Amazon.com Inc. and its efficient supply chain. Wider Application? If the tests are successful, Wal-Mart will expand them to multiple food items in both countries, Yiannis said. “So far things are flowing smoothly and as expected,” he said. Wal-Mart has been at the forefront of adopting new technologies before. It began installing new chip-card readers at U.S. checkout counters 10 years before the deadline mandated by credit-card networks like Visa Inc. and Mastercard Inc. This summer, it took Walmart Pay nationwide, becoming one of the first large retailers to launch its own mobile-payment service. It’s also expanding a service that lets consumers order groceries online and then go to stores for pickup. The blockchain, a technology that only came onto the scene in 2009, is already being widely tested by companies in the financial, healthcare and natural-resource industries. Companies like International Business Machines Corp., the Nasdaq and BHP Billiton Ltd. have deployed or are planning to deploy it to run their businesses more efficiently. Fourteen of the top 30 banks are testing out the blockchain to see if it could be of use in their businesses, according to CoinDesk, an industry researcher. At least 70 proof-of-concept projects, run by companies in various industries, are underway. Wal-Mart is using blockchain technology co-developed by IBM. In October, the company opened the Walmart Food Safety Collaboration Center in Beijing. It also announced, with IBM and Tsinghua University, a collaboration using the blockchain to improve the way food is tracked, transported and sold to Chinese consumers. If Wal-Mart adopts the blockchain to track food worldwide, it could become of the largest deployments of the technology to date. “They are setting the new standards in terms of how technology can be implemented to solve a problem that’s been with us for ages,” said Paul Chang, global supply chain subject matter expert at IBM. To contact the reporter on this story: Olga Kharif in Portland at okharif@bloomberg.net. 4 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2g95R4a TOP VIDEOS Mary Barra, Michiganian of the Year 2:39 GM opens new Company Store at Renaissance Center 1:54 Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Best Black Friday 2016 Deals On Drones Posted: Nov 19 2016, 10:31am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 19 2016, 3:07pm CST, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Best Black Friday 2016 Deals on Drones http://bit.ly/2ff8oe4   A new generation of professional drones with foldable wings took flight in 2016, pushing the prices down of conventional drones. Here are the best Black Friday drone deals. As part of our annual Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals we analyzed Black Friday 2016 ads to find the best deals on drones. In 2016 DJI and GoPro introduced new professional drones with the DJI Mavic drone and the GoPro Karma that are much more portable than the previous generations. The wings on the Karma and the Mavic can be folded. This is a feature small pocket drones like the Dobby or Hover camera introduced. Don't Miss: Best Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals There are no Black Friday deals on the DJI Mavic, due to supply issues. The GoPro Karma has been recently recalled. Retailers have advertised deals on the DJI drone that made the Chinese drone maker the world's number 1. The DJI Phantom drones are advertised in the Walmart, Target and Best Buy Black Friday ad. See the Black Friday DJI Phantom drone deals listed below. The Walmart Black Friday DJI Phantom deal is the best, priced at $369. Black Friday DJI Drone Deals $369 DJI Phantom 3 Standard - Walmart $399.99 DJI Phantom 3 Standard - Target $799.99 DJI Phantom 3 Professional - Best Buy $999.99 DJI Pantom 4 - Best Buy Find all current DJI Phantom deals on amazon.com. Besides the above deals on a semi-professional drone, Black Friday ads feature plenty of deals on smaller drones and on toy drones. The list below features the best drone deals in that category. Black Friday Toy Drone Deals $99 Promark 3D Virtual Reality HD Drone w/ VR Goggles - Walmart $69.99 SkyDonres X-15 3D Virtual Reality - Kohl's $79.99 Sky Viper HD Drone $79.99 - Kohl's $39.99 Super-X Drone with camera - Kmart $30 Sharper Image Drone - Walmart Find the current drone deals on amazon.com. The Black Friday deals on the YUNEEC Typhoon drone is already on sale now at bestbuy.com. The YUNEEC Typhoon H Hexacopter is on sale for $999.99, saving $300. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over.  Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 20 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 20 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 20 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-20 Mike Pence & #BoycottHamilton: Lin-Manuel Miranda, Other Celebrities Speak Out About ‘Hamilton’ Harassment Claim, Trump Supporters Urge Boycott Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Black Friday 2016 Ads: Where To Find The Best Video Game And Electronics Deals From Target, Walmart, Best Buy, And More Shopping 3 0 0 November 19, 2016 Black Friday 2016 Ads: Where To Find The Best Video Game And Electronics Deals From Target, Walmart, Best Buy, And More Nathan Francis Black Friday 2016 is almost here, and shoppers looking to find the best deals on electronics and video games from places like Target, Best Buy, and Walmart may find it a bit difficult to navigate through all the ads. Black Friday deals have a tendency to repeat themselves, so three or four major retailers may offer nearly identical deals on video game bundles or flat-screen televisions. Figuring out which store really has the best deals can take a lot of work, but below you can find a list of the top deals on video games and electronics along with the best offerings from some of the major Black Friday destinations. With all deals once exclusive to Black Friday now spreading out across the month of November and also beyond Thanksgiving, there is some worry among consumers that the best deals may not actually be on Black Friday. NerdWallet’s 2016 Consumer Holiday Shopping Report found that’s a concern of two in three shoppers. But as Fortune noted, those fears can be put to rest — the best sales this holiday shopping season will indeed be on Black Friday 2016. “NerdWallet’s analysis of ads from retailers, however, shows there’s no reason to fear that you’ll miss out,” the report noted. “Major stores, such as Kohl’s, JCPenney, Best Buy, Kmart and Sears, truly are offering better prices on Black Friday than on other November sales.” Best Black Friday 2016 video game deals Shoppes looking for deals on video games and systems like the Xbox One or Playstation 4 Slim or 4 Pro will have a lot of deals to sift through.Virtually every retailer is offering bundles with systems and video games together, and many of those deals look nearly identical. Shoppers looking for Playstation deals can look through a complete list from CNet. The highlights include a PS4 Slim Uncharted Bundle for $250 at Walmart along with a $30 gift card. For those not into console gaming, PC Gamer is putting together a list of the best PC gaming deals on Black Friday. Best Black Friday 2016 deals on electronics Black Friday is one of the most popular times to snag deals on flat-screen televisions, tablets, cell phones, and other electronic accessories. Consumer Reports has compiled a list of the best deals on televisions, which includes: 43-inch Element ELEFW408 4K UHD TV, $125, at Target 49-inch Toshiba 4K smart TV, $200, at Best Buy 60-inch Vizio 1080p smart TV, $300, at Walmart Tablets and cell phones are also a popular pick, and Network World has a list of the best deals on Android devices and Fortune has a list of the best ones from Apple — which includes a $250 gift card from Walmart with the purchase of any iPhone and a $125 discount on iPad Air 2 and iPad Pro models at Best Buy. Best Black Friday 2016 deals at Walmart Forbes has done an excellent store-by-store rundown of all the Black Friday 2016 deals, and has some warnings about deals to avoid at Walmart. The stores will be offering some of the best prices on flat-screen televisions, but buyers should beware that they aren’t the highest quality models. THE WALMART BLACK FRIDAY AD IS HERE! https://t.co/4mWGjY8H2N pic.twitter.com/xNYF9M35yf — Black Friday Ads (@BFAds) November 10, 2016 “Regarding Element and Hisense, these are budget TVs so don’t expect world class quality but the cost for the size beats every other retailer this Black Friday,” the report noted. Here are some of the best deals from Forbes. Samsung Galaxy S6 on Straight Talk Wireless + Straight Talk Wireless $55/30 Day Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Plan Card for $249 (save $150) PlayStation 4 Slim Uncharted 4 500GB Bundle w/ $30 Gift Card for $249 (save $50) Element or Hisense (by location) 40-inch HDTV for $125 Best Black Friday 2016 deals at Best Buy For everything electronics, it’s often hard to beat the variety and prices found at Best Buy. Here are some of the best deals (via Forbes). HP 15.6″ Laptop w/ AMD A6-7310, 4GB RAM, 500GB (15-BA009DX) for $169.99 (save $90) Any iPhone 7 Device — Get up to a $250 Best Buy Gift Card with installment billing agreement with Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T. Samsung Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge + Samsung Gear VR + $50 Oculus Content Pack + $250 Gift Card w/Installment Billing Agent for Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T iPad Air 2 (All Models) for $125 Off Microsoft 12.3″ Surface Pro 4 Bundle with Signature Type Cover for $599.99 (save $400) – an in store doorbuster For shoppers looking to make Best Buy a destination on Black Friday, Forbes has a breakdown of what to look for and what to avoid. It’s not #BlackFriday yet, but the deals from our ad couldn’t wait. #GiftingMadeEasy https://t.co/UXOuZpjsCE — Best Buy (@BestBuy) November 10, 2016 Best Black Friday 2016 deals at Target Target is once again one of the leaders among Black Friday destinations, and the deals extend beyond the traditional electronics and clothing. The store is offering a $150 discount on the Dyson Ball Origin Upright Vacuum. For the photography enthusiast, there’s a $300 discount on the Canon DSLR EOS T6 Bundle. For a full list of the best Black Friday 2016 deals at Target, check out this review from The Huffington Post. Other Black Friday 2016 deals For those looking for something beyond video game and electronics on Black Friday 2016, Glamour has compiled a list of all the best deals on designer clothing. Sportsmans Guide is also putting together a list of the top Black Friday deals on outdoor gear. A full list of ads from all retailers on Black Friday 2016 can be found at NerdWallet. [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Read This: ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nathan Francis Tags: Best Buy Black Friday deals, Target Black Friday deals, Best Black Friday Deals, Walmart Black Friday deals Comments LATEST HEADLINES Mike Pence & #BoycottHamilton: Lin-Manuel Miranda, Other Celebrities Speak Out About ‘Hamilton’ Harassment Claim, Trump Supporters Urge Boycott Chicago Bulls’ Circus Trip Already A Success; Bulls Could Finish 5-1 EmDrive NASA Sci-Fi Propulsion System Might Actually Work: EmDrive Would Make Mars 70 Day Trip For Elon Musk’s SpaceX How Congress Can Change Final 2016 Electoral College Map, If Faithless Electors Don’t Stop Trump WWE News: Could Shinsuke Nakamura Be Heading To The Main Roster Following NXT Takeover: Toronto Loss? Iggy Azalea Reveals More Than Just Her Implants In ‘GQ’ WWE News: Triple H Reacts To NXT Takeover Toronto And Puts Over His Talent Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied — By Kicking Him Out Of School Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.5k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE News: Triple H Reacts To NXT Takeover Toronto And Puts Over His Talent 13 0 0 Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] 2 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 4 0 0 A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied — By Kicking Him Out Of School 4 0 0 Chris Brown To Perform At The AMAs? Fans Beg Singer To Attend American Music Awards Amid New Album Rumors 0 0 0 NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block 16 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: WALMART 2016 Black Friday Online Deals, early bird specials: Doorbusters, Wal-mart app, free shipping November 19, 2016Business and Shoppingwalmart 2016 ads, walmart ads released, walmart black friday, walmart black friday ad, walmart black friday ads, walmart black friday deals, walmart black friday leaked ads, walmart doorbuster deals, walmart iphone 7, walmart iphone deals, walmart opening hours, walmart thanksgivingClay Hayes   Shoppers can now avail Black Friday deals online at Walmart with free shipping. With thousands of products available for the biggest shopping event of the year, Walmart will not run out of surprises. Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad is finally here. We are now less than a week away from Black Friday, and the buzz for shopping is going on a high note with each day passing by. After electronic deals, more and more people are looking to grab great deal on Apparel and Home electronics. While many retailers only have discounted deals on few particular items, Walmart 2016 Black Friday ads can be of huge savings on all products. Walmart Black Friday deals online begin on Thanksgiving Thursday at 12AM and In-store deals open at 6PM on same day – 24th November. Like every year few stores will be offering wristbands for customer’s hassle-free shopping and also there are some special discounted deals offered for people having Walmart App, all app orders will be shipped at home– go ahead download it for free! We already love what Walmart is offering on electronic and mobile deal such as Philips 55″ 4K UHDTV at $298, Xbox/PS4 at just $27 and $250 worth Gift Card on Apple’s iPhone 7 with installment billing agreement from AT&T, Sprint or Verizon. Let’s see the offers coming from Walmart on Black Friday on Apparel and Home Electronics. Walmart Black Friday Deals on Kids/Women apparel Choice of sleepwear should be important, as having relaxing bedtime helps overall mental and physical development. If you are looking to comfort your child with soft and cozy sleepwear then you should consider Walmart’s range of sleepwear for children. Toddler’s parents can buy Infant/Toddler 2-pc. Character Cotton Sleepwear Set (Assorted) or Kids Healthtex 2-pc. Fleece Sleapwear Set (Assorted) both offered at $4.75 each. For boys and girls sized 4 to 16 can go with these vibrant options – Boys 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Styles) or Girls 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted) all at $4.75 each. Kids Character Slippers (Assorted) are also available at $4.75. Under special buy Walmart has Boys or Girls 1-pc. Character Sleepwear (Assorted Styles) priced at $8.50 and Faded Glory Boys Orange 1/4-Zip Fleece Hoodie can be purchased at $4.75 only. Walmart Black Friday is also offering Character Backpack (Assorted Styles) for children at $5.50 only. Wrangler Boys Straight Jeans are now cheaper with Walmart deals, get them at $8.50. Ladies throw all your old and boring sleepwear and winter wear, because Walmart Black Friday deals can prove beneficial for you. Buy Union Suit Womens Sleepwear (Assorted Colors) and Womens 2-pc. Character Sleep Set (Assorted Colors) at just $9 each. The very stylish Cuddl Duds Womens Climate Right 2-pc. Thermal Set (Assorted Colors) can be availed at $9, also save $6 on Riders by Lee Womens Fleece-Lined Shirt (Assorted Colors) offered now at $9. For warp lovers, Walmart has Womens Character Cozy Wrap (Assorted) priced at $9. Complete your shopping by getting the right apparel match, you can buy funky looking Womens Novelty Character Slippers (Assorted) and colourful Womens Fleece-Lined Leggings (2-pk.) at special price of $7 each. Womens Cozy Fleece Sleep Pants (Assorted Designs) and Womens Muk Luks Cozy Slipper Socks (Assorted Designs) both are offered $4.50 each. Also be winter ready with Womens Knee-High Socks (Assorted) offered at $4.50 only. If you love Emoji Beanies don’t forget to buy them at $3. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Post navigation ← Indiana vs Michigan college football game today: start time, tv channel schedule, live stream online Florida State vs Syracuse college football game today: start time, tv channel schedule, live → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. HEADLINES NewEgg Black Friday 2016 ads and Flyers: Great Deals on desktop computer, tablet, laptop November 20, 2016 Kmart’s Spectacular Black Friday ads excites customers: K-mart reward program, Online Sales and Christmas Specials November 20, 2016 Like Us On Facebook Pages About US Contact US Privacy Policy blogging November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Amazon Business Wal-Mart skimps on profits to chase Amazon Originally published November 19, 2016 at 8:00 am Updated November 18, 2016 at 5:47 pm Wal-Mart is chasing Amazon; Blue Nile’s smaller format coming to Bellevue Square this coming week; Paul Allen’s painting sold; Share story By Seattle Times staff Seattle Times business staff Wal-Mart seems to be taking a page from archrival Amazon.com’s playbook: earn less in order to grow more. Net income at the Arkansas-based king of retailers fell 8.2 percent to $3 billion for its latest quarter, compared with the same period last year. A big reason: It rolled out pay increases across its legions of workers to better the experience at its cavernous stores. Wal-Mart is also investing big in technology as it digests its acquisition of Jet.com, an e-commerce player that sought to challenge Amazon. Jet’s founder, Marc Lore, is now part of Wal-Mart’s leadership team. At the same time, revenues, which have been stagnating for many large brick-and-mortar retailers, rose 0.7 percent, a result greatly helped by rising e-commerce sales. (Factoring out foreign-exchange gyrations resulting from a stronger U.S. dollar, revenue rose 2.5 percent.) Most Read Stories Flesh-eating bacteria traced to tilapia bought from Bellevue market 35 reasons the Seahawks' Jon Ryan is the punter we all want to be Bus riders step in as driver has fatal heart attack on viaduct Earl Thomas, Rob Gronkowski have cool Twitter exchange about hard hit in Sunday's game Trump supporter in state Senate says some protests are ‘economic terrorism,’ should be feloniesUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “We take the view that profitability decline is a necessary evil over the short term if it allows Wal-Mart to retain its retail prominence,” wrote Neal Saunders, CEO of research firm Conlumino, in a report that compared it to “Amazon’s acceptance of lower profits in order to drive growth.” Due to these investments in people and tech, Saunders concludes that Wal-Mart “is now on a much more positive trajectory in terms of both its e-commerce strategy and results.” But the Arkansas company doesn’t seem to enthrall Wall Street as much as Amazon has, thanks to the latter’s epic double-digit growth in revenue. On Thursday, Wal-Mart shares closed down 3.1 percent at $69.19. The company is valued at about $217 billion, or about 58 percent of Amazon’s worth. Maybe, as Saunders puts it, “Wal-Mart will need to show that its investments are delivering returns, especially on the e-commerce front.” — Ángel González: agonzalez@seattletimes.com Blue Nile ‘webroom’ opening in Bellevue Online jeweler Blue Nile is expanding its brick-and-mortar footprint as the company prepares to open one of its small-format showrooms in Bellevue Square next week. The Seattle-based company hasn’t set an exact date but says it will open sometime Thanksgiving week on the first floor in the south wing of Bellevue Square. It’s the company’s fifth so-called “webroom”; the company opened the first in June 2015 at Roosevelt Field mall in Garden City, N.Y. The webrooms are much smaller than traditional mall jewelry stores. And while customers can see and try on some of the company’s products in the stores, all purchases will be done online through tablets in the stores. Its salespeople are noncommissioned. The company expects to add five more stores next year and plans to eventually have dozens. Blue Nile first tested display cases of its jewelry at a few Nord­strom stores a couple of years ago; those displays have since closed. The bright-and-white webrooms include a panoramic TV wall where videos and live feeds of postings from the company’s social-media fans are featured. CEO Harvey Kanter said the rent and staff costs of the showroom are less than running advertising through Google to draw in customers. Blue Nile is among the formerly online-only pure plays, including Amazon and Warby Parker, that are expanding their brick-and-mortar presence. “Most people want to touch, feel and look before they make a purchase. They do like the tactile experience,” said Brendan Witcher, an analyst at Forrester Research. More and more shoppers are researching online first, then buying at a store. This year, about $376 billion of the $3.4 trillion in overall retail sales will be done online. — Janet I. Tu: jtu@seattletimes.com Allen’s painting sold for $26 million Billionaire Paul Allen’s painting of a war jet by Gerhard Richter fetched $25.6 million at Phillips on Wednesday in New York. Bloomberg News reports. The 1963 canvas, “Dusenjager,” was estimated at $25 million to $35 million, the highest target of 18 works by the 84-year-old German artist on the auction block this past week. Phillips found an irrevocable bidder who agreed in advance to pay an undisclosed minimum price, ensuring the piece sold. Allen, a co-founder with Bill Gates of Microsoft, acquired the painting for $11.2 million in 2007, setting an auction record for the artist at the time. — Bloomberg News Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Facebook fixing fake news problem with CEO at trade summit Previous Story Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Share 29 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Why You Should Stay Home On Black Friday – Those Deals Aren’t Deals And Mob Mentality Is No Joke Opinion 29 0 0 November 19, 2016 Why You Should Stay Home On Black Friday – Those Deals Aren’t Deals And Mob Mentality Is No Joke Amy Schaeffer The following article is entirely the opinion of Amy Schaeffer and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. Ah, Black Friday. Many people seem to anticipate it far more than Thanksgiving, and each year retail stores seem to start their sales earlier – for many stores, people can start shopping on Thanksgiving Day. Push the turkey aside, it’s time to hit Walmart! Or is it? “Black Friday” has come to be a double-edged sword in many peoples’ minds – for those who work retail, it is likely met with dread, as it cuts into their Thanksgiving time with family and subjects them to hordes of people, some of which have become unruly and occasionally violent. In fact, store employees and shoppers have been killed on Black Friday, usually from being trampled to death, such as the Walmart worker who died when eager and frenzied shoppers knocked doors down and stampeded a Walmart on an early Black Friday morning. The most recent death is that of a Walmart employee in Long Island, New York, according to the New York Daily News. People may shake their heads at how people could so carelessly regard a human life because of a “good deal” on appliances or electronics, but the psychology behind the instances of stampedes on Black Friday is nothing new in the realm of human behavior, experts agree. Kenneth Manning, a professor of marketing at Colorado State University, in an interview with LiveScience, says there is a reason that people seem to lose their collective minds in hopes of a “good deal.” “When they can look in the environment and find different cues that make them think they’re getting a good deal, the decision-making can be somewhat emotional.” In fact, studies have found that deal-finding frenzies, real or perceived, cause a release of oxytocin, a chemical of bonding that causes loving and positive feelings – so it’s no wonder what when combined with the cultural norm that has become “Black Friday,” people are not collectively being their most rational selves. Even with that phenomenon, violence is fairly rare, though incivility in stores may not be. Even if you are the type that can overlook bad behavior, it’s time to “talk turkey:” your “Black Friday” savings are not that great, and they may even be a scam or more expensive than you’d normally pay, according to how retail stores promote and sell items. [Image by Ken Cavanaugh/Getty Images] According to Business Insider, there are solid economic reasons about why people should avoid “Black Friday” shopping. Those flyers that promise “door-buster” savings probably are just that – they may cause people to bust down a door (which, as referenced earlier in this article, has killed people) – but the majority off the time, they are not the lowest prices of the season, which typically peaks about nine days before Christmas. And, to make it even more unbearable that you’re waking up at four a.m. (or leaving family behind at Thanksgiving dinner), Kyle James, founder of Rather-be-shopping.com, says that most of the “deals” are on off-brand goods. The relevance of this fact is dependent on your particular needs, James says. “The problem is the brands you’ll find on sale are typically unrecognizable. If you’re a college student and looking for a disposable TV from Best Buy for your dorm room you’ll want to head out Black Friday morning. If you’re looking for a quality TV that will hold up for the long run, you’ll want to look for deals right after Christmas through Super Bowl Sunday.” [Image by Kena Betancur/Getty Images] James also said that the best deals are occurring the three days before Thanksgiving, not after. “The early bird does indeed get the worm. By ‘early bird,’ I’m not talking about being the first one through the doors on Thanksgiving or Black Friday. I’m talking about shopping on the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday before Black Friday and scoring a deal.” However, if you’re a person who enjoys that side of an oxytocin rush along with your turkey entrée, go bravely forward with the crowd. Keep in mind, though, according to Black Friday Death Count, seven people have died and 98 were injured in Black Friday-related accidents from 2006 to 2014. The statistics on 2015 have yet to be added. Causes of injury included stampedes, fights, and falling asleep while driving home from shopping due to lack of sleep and waiting in lines all night. How you choose to spend the Thanksgiving holiday is, of course, up to you. I’ll be spending it in my house with a hot cup of coffee. [Featured Image by Ian McKinnel/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Val Chmerkovskiy Sued For $6 Million After Posting Insulting Meme Now Read This: Federal Judge John Primomo Tells New U.S. Citizens If They Don’t Like Trump, They Should ‘Go To Another Country’ Share 29 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Amy Schaeffer Tags: Black Friday deaths, Black Friday false deals, Black Friday Injuries, black friday shopping Comments LATEST HEADLINES Chris Brown To Perform At The AMAs? Fans Beg Singer To Attend American Music Awards Amid New Album Rumors NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 9.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 5 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 66 0 0 Jana Duggar Still The Target Of Cruel Criticism And Rumors As Her Younger Sisters Court And Marry Off 12 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Walmart Black Friday Sale Starts 9pm PST On Nov. 23 Posted: Nov 19 2016, 7:45am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 19 2016, 1:21pm CST, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Walmart Black Friday 2016   The Walmart Black Friday Sale starts 3 hours earlier than last year. The sale begins at 9pm PST on Wednesday. Walmart confirmed the launch time of the Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale online. The Black Friday deals will be released at 9pm PST on Wednesday, November 23. This is midnight for east coast shoppers. Based our observations of the Walmart Black Friday sale, deal hunters can expect to find leaked Black Friday deals available before 9pm PST. Don't Miss: Hatchimals Deals on Amazon.com The Walmart Black Friday deals are this year available earlier than ever. Last year Walmart announced to start offering Black Friday deals online 3 hours later at 12:01am PT. Black Friday shoppers had to wait for grueling 60 minutes to start purchasing Black Friday deals. Walmart delayed the launch due to severe server issues. Let's see if the Walmart servers keep up working this year. It's recommended to shop the Walmart's Black Friday sale as early as possible. This is one of the most popular Black Friday sales and Walmart's servers have been rendered unresponsive by the load. The "early bird" shopper not only has the advantage of a working shopping cart, but also all deals are in stock. We predict that Walmart will have sold out of the $99 New Nintendo 3DS, and other hot items by 5am ET, Thanksgiving Day. A wide range of advertised Black Friday deals will be on sale in the online Black Friday event at walmart.com. Customers can take advantage of the early availability of Walmart's best Black Friday deals from home or from a Walmart store waiting for the 6pm in-store doorbuster event. The Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad features 4K Ultra HDTVs deals, such as a Phillips 55-inch Smart 4KTV for $298 and a Samsung 50-inch Smart 4K TV for $398. Other television offers consist of a Vizio 60-inch HDTV for $398, a 40-inch HDTV for $125 and 50-inch HDTV for $225 (special buy).  Walmart will have Hatchimals on sale for $48.88 on Black Friday. Disney Princess Cinderella Royal Dreams Dollhouse with Furniture for $88 ($61 savings), Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles RC Mikey for $39 (a Walmart exclusive at a $10 savings) and Razor Hovertrax 2.0 Hoverboard for $273 ($125 savings).  The Samsung Chromebook 3 is advertised for $119 (special buy), HP 15.6-inch Touch Laptop for $249 (special buy) and iPad Mini 2 32GB for $199 ($70 savings). Drones including the DJI Drone Phantom Standard 3 will be on sale for $369 ($130 savings), Promark 3D Virtual Reality HD Drone for $99 (a Walmart exclusive at a $49 savings) and Sharper Image Video Drone for $30 (special buy).  Customers can find more than 750 DVDs and Blu-ray Movies starting at $1.96 in the Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale. Walmart offers deals on fitness wearables including the Fitbit Charge 2 for $129 ($20 savings), Fitbit Alta for $99 ($30 savings) and Fitbit Flex 2 for $69 ($30 savings). Walmart has stocked its warehouse with more than 1.5 million televisions, nearly two million tablets and computers and three million video games for the Walmart Black Friday 2016 sale. The Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad features these Top 10 Black Friday 2016 deals. Shopping Walmart for Black Friday doorbuster deals is harder than last year. The 1-Hour guarantee deals are no more. The Walmart Pre-Black Friday deals are on sale now at walmart.com. The 32" Samsung UN32J450 720p Smart TV is on sale for $157.99 along with several other Samsung TVs with steep discounts. The best-selling deal in the Walmart Pre-Black Friday sale is the $577.99 60-inch Samsung UN60J6200 Smart TV. Walmart also continues to offer Xbox One S Bundles.  Buyers of the Microsoft Xbox One S 500GB Holiday bundles receive a free bonus game, a 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray movie and a wired Controller for the regular $299 price. Walmart owned membership warehouse Sam's Club is hosting today a Black Friday sale on Samsung TVs and other items from the South Korean consumer giant. The Sam's Club Pre-Black Friday 2016 deals will go on sale on Sunday. This Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview over the launch times of the online Black Friday sales. Most online Black Friday 2016 sales will preempt the Black Friday sales event in stores. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule provides an overview of when stores open for Black Friday. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 1 hour ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 3 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 30 minutes ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 3 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 3 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 4 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 6 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 6 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 6 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 7 hours ago Walmart launches Samsung Black Friday Sales Event 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 1 hour ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 3 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 30 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: WAL-MART Online Deals, leaked ads and flyers: Store opening Thanksgiving Day, DoorBusters, TV savings November 19, 2016Business and Shoppingblack friday ads at walmart, black friday ads from walmart, walmart 2016, walmart 2016 ads, walmart 2016 bonanza, walmart amazing deals, walmart black friday, walmart black friday ads, walmart tv dealsClay Hayes What time Walmart stores open on Thanksgiving Day? With great discount in thousands of items, Walmart has again put an excitement to the heart of the shoppers as it releases its Black Friday ads. Walmart thrives in Black Friday competition through the ads and flyers for the loyal as well as the new shoppers alike. Are you looking for the spectacular deals on TVs, headphones and DVD players are available at Walmart on Black Friday. Just a week away from the biggest shopping spree, Walmart caters the needs of the shoppers. Walmart’s Black Friday 2016 is unique and distinct from the previous years because of the new products being offered. Walmart loads many electronics products never before seen during Black Friday. Walmart has already rolled out its Black Friday ads to lure the shoppers to be excited about its products. Walmart aims to be on top of all the retail stores on Black Friday that flyers and ads are already available. Walmart prepares for the biggest shopping spree of the years. Surely, shoppers will get the best deals through Walmart’s leaked ads and flyers. This year, Black Friday ads look really wonderful, especially the ones coming out from the world’s largest retailer “Walmart”. Walmart Black Friday 2016 ads are loaded with host of savings and sales, which is why this retailer performs better than others seller. Black Friday ads from Walmart have varieties of items that range from electronics, groceries, apparel and home furniture. With last year’s grand success, Walmart is said to increase their online Black Friday Inventory by 50% and many more deals will offered online. Although Walmart has week long deals lined-up, Thanksgiving and Black Friday deals will be stealer! Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad sales in-store will open on Thanksgiving 25th November at 6PM and online sale start at 12.01AM. Exclusive offers from Walmart for Black Friday 2016 1-Hour guarantee allows shoppers to line-up for doorbuster deals and get them even if the product stock-out. Wristband on high-demand items for customer to shop the store (customer need to return two hours after the event starts to collect their product). Store maps available to help in-store shoppers. Free shipping at Walmart for customer having ShippingPass, which is $49 for a full year of free 2-day shipping. Coupons, promo codes, in-store offers and online sales available for extra benefits. If you are hoping for a SmartTV this year, it won’t get better than deals from Samsung. Samsung 65″ LED Smart HDTV (UN65J6200) at $798 ($200 Savings) Samsung 55″ LED Smart HDTV (UN55J6201) at $448 ($150 Savings) Samsung 40″ LED 1080p 60Hz Smart HDTV (UN40J5200) at $248 ($80 Savings) Samsung 24″ 710p 120MR LED HDTV (UN24H4000) at $98 ($30 Savings) Accessories complimenting your TV include, ONN Titling TV Wall Mount at $19 (was $69), Netgear AC1750 Smart Router at $89 (was $142) and Chromecast 2 at $25 (was $35). Movie enthusiast are gonna truly rejoice looking at the wide range of DVD range from Walmart Black Friday 2016 deals. Over 200 titles available at $1.96 each, over 260 titles available at $3.96 each and over 80 titles available $6.96 each. Don’t forget to buy RCA Dual Screen 7″ Portable DVD Player at the best price of $49. There are also Blu-ray disc offered at as low as $5.96. over 55 Blu-ray titles available at 9.96 each and 110 Blu-ray disc at $5.96 each. Make your movie watching experience even better with these promising headphones: JVC Power Bass Headphones (Assorted Colors) at $10 (was $19.88) LG Tone Pro Wireless Bluetooth Headset at $29 (was $64.88) LG Tone Pro Wireless Bluetooth Headset at $5 (was 8.88) Skull Candy Uproar Bluetooth Headphones (Assorted Colors) at $25 (was $49.88) Philips Bluetooth Noise-Canceling Headphones at $49 Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Post navigation ← Petco Huge Savings Black Friday 2016 leaked ads: Featuring the best deals, opening hours, online stores Oklahoma State vs TCU college football game today: start time, tv channel schedule, live stream online → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. HEADLINES NewEgg Black Friday 2016 ads and Flyers: Great Deals on desktop computer, tablet, laptop November 20, 2016 Kmart’s Spectacular Black Friday ads excites customers: K-mart reward program, Online Sales and Christmas Specials November 20, 2016 Like Us On Facebook Pages About US Contact US Privacy Policy blogging November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Just Made 2 Big Stock Moves Berkshire made a surprising purchase, and a not-so-surprising stock sale during the third quarter of 2016. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Nov 19, 2016 at 8:23AM Image source: The Motley Fool. In a recently released SEC filing, it was revealed that Warren Buffett-led Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) had opened new stakes in all four major U.S. airlines, which came as a big surprise to many of the company's shareholders, myself included. In addition, Buffett and company got rid of more than two-thirds of a stake it has held for some time. Here are the details of these two moves and why the company might have made them. A surprising bet on airlines Berkshire's SEC filings revealed stakes in American Airlines (NASDAQ:AAL), Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL), and United Continental Holdings (NYSE:UAL). Separately, Buffett revealed that Berkshire had also purchased shares of Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV) after the third quarter ended. This was a surprise to Berkshire shareholders, particularly because Buffett has been negative on airlines throughout much of his investing career, ever since a 1989 investment in US Airways preferred stock went sour. For the next several years, he referred to the investment as a mistake, and in 2007 he said, "The worst sort of business is one that grows rapidly, requires significant capital to engender the growth, then earns little or no money. Think airlines." Per his usual policy, Buffett didn't say why he made the airline investments, but there are a few things Berkshire followers should know. For starters, as my colleague Adam Levine-Weinberg pointed out in a separate article, airline stocks plunged in late June in the wake of the Brexit vote, just before the start of the third quarter. In fact, a couple of the airlines have rallied by more than 50% since then. So, it's possible that Buffett or his stock pickers simply saw deeply undervalued stocks and wanted to take advantage. DAL data by YCharts. In addition, the airline business has changed significantly since Buffett last dipped his toes in the water. Airlines have done a good job of keeping expenses in check in recent years, and have produced strong margins. All are generating strong cash flow, and have been aggressive about returning capital to shareholders. A not-so-surprising sale In a less-surprising move, Berkshire reported that it got rid of about 70% of its stake in Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), a large amount of stock that is valued at about $2.1 billion as I write this. I say that this isn't much of a surprise for a couple of reasons. First, Berkshire has been disposing of its Wal-Mart stake in recent quarters. The previous sales have been much smaller, but it has become clear that Berkshire has a somewhat bearish view of Wal-Mart right now. While we don't know for sure exactly why Berkshire is getting rid of Wal-Mart, I can say with confidence that it is becoming less of a "Buffett stock." Specifically, it has been gradually losing the competitive advantage it enjoyed in the pre-internet economy. In its prime, Wal-Mart was able to undercut virtually every other retailer, thanks to its scale, no-frills store design, and efficient distribution network. These days, this simply isn't the case. Internet retailers, particularly Amazon.com, can operate just as efficiently as Wal-Mart, and as a result, Wal-Mart's market share has begun to erode. To be perfectly clear, Wal-Mart will be just fine as a business, but an eroding market share and competitive advantage are the exact opposite of what Warren Buffett likes to see in his stock investments. Should you follow Buffett? Not necessarily. I wouldn't go so far as to call the airlines a bad investment right now, but it's safe to say that they're significantly more expensive than the price Buffett paid for them. And Wal-Mart still has a bright future ahead of it, in my opinion, so I'd be reluctant to sell if I were already a shareholder. It can be a great idea to follow the moves of billionaire investors -- not necessarily to make the same moves, but for the investing lessons that can be learned. For example, in Wal-Mart's case, the lesson is "when the reasons you originally bought a stock no longer apply, it's time to reevaluate your investment." There are valuable lessons you can learn from all of Buffett's investment activity, so it's important to read between the lines when he (or another billionaire) buys or sells a stock. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 8:23AM Financials Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.54 down $0.65 (-0.94%) Southwest Airlines NYSE:LUV $47.06 up $0.37 (0.79%) United Continental Holdings NYSE:UAL $68.29 up $0.43 (0.63%) Delta Air Lines NYSE:DAL $48.90 up $0.39 (0.80%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,391.00 down $-1,159.00 (-0.49%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $157.75 down $0.64 (-0.40%) American Airlines Group NASDAQ:AAL $46.26 up $0.43 (0.94%) Read More Berkshire Hathaway Earnings Preview: What You Should Know 3 Valuable Lessons from Warren Buffett’s Portfolio Is Warren Buffett Abandoning Wells Fargo? How Wells Fargo Just Dodged a Bullet Warren Buffett's 2 Worst Stocks of 2016 So Far Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business Values-led business Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian Target and Walmart are pulling bedding off their shelves after a falsely labeled Egyptian cotton products controversy involving manufacturer Welspun India Agricultural employees harvest cotton in a field in Benha, Egypt. Welspun India, a giant home textile manufacturer, is in trouble for falsely advertising bedding products as containing Egyptian cotton. Photograph: Bloomberg/Getty Images Supported by About this content Alison Moodie Saturday 19 November 2016 09.00 EST Last modified on Saturday 19 November 2016 09.02 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Egyptian cotton, which can be spun into fine, long fiber to make sheets with a high thread count, is synonymous with luxury bedding. But in the last four months, it’s been at the center of a controversy that has caused many Americans to wonder whether the Egyptian cotton sheets they rely on for a good night’s sleep actually contain any cotton from Egypt. Why aren't more big brands designing clothes for people with disabilities? Read more The controversy involves Welspun India, a giant home textile manufacturer. Target, Walmart and a handful of other big US retailers have pulled hundreds of thousands of bedding sheets off shelves after discovering that Welspun had sold them falsely labeled Egyptian cotton products. Welspun has seen its stock price tumble since Target led the defection in August when an investigation by the retailer found the 750,000 sheets and pillow cases that Welspun labeled as 100% Egyptian cotton were actually fake. Bed, Bath & Beyond, also one of Welspun’s top customers, is the latest to stop selling the manufacturer’s 100% Egyptian cotton sheets, Bloomberg reported. Welspun, which sells its goods in more than 50 countries and generated $871.4m in annual revenue, is now facing consumer lawsuits over the fake sheets. Most recently, a suit was filed against Walmart, alleging that the store knew about the problem for years but didn’t pull the sheets until two months ago. The trouble Welspun is in demonstrates both the difficulties of monitoring a supply chain that stretches around the world and the power of a label to entice consumers to pay more for products they perceive to be superior. The Egyptian cotton label doesn’t present a verified claim of quality – all it signifies is that the cotton is grown in Egypt. The connection to luxury comes from the recognition that the cotton makes for strong, soft and tightly woven fabric. There are around 10 varieties of cotton farmed in Egypt, according to the US Department of Agriculture. The trouble of verifying a product’s origin and quality pops up in many products, not just bedding. It’s fairly common in the food business: Whole Foods and Safeway, for example, are among the major supermarkets that have gotten in trouble for selling extra virgin oil from Italy that didn’t meet either claim. Welspun is now facing a credibility check from one of the industry groups it belongs to: the Better Cotton Initiative (BCI), which aims to promote the production of sustainable cotton. Part of the BCI’s role is to set standards to ensure the cotton its members use is in fact sustainably grown and harvested. Matthew Kempen, a spokesperson for the initiative, noted that the phrase “Egyptian cotton” is more of an indicator of quality and sustainability, and that BCI doesn’t verify the origins of cotton. “As a matter of precaution we shall be contacting Welspun about the incident to request that they share their corrective actions with us, and we shall remind them that members contribute to credibility of BCI as a framework,” said Kempen. Dishonesty hurts a brand’s reputation as well as sales, said Tulin Erdem, a business and marketing professor who specializes in brand reputation management at New York University’s Stern School of Business. Welspun’s shares dropped by nearly 43% in the week following the announcement from Target, which was the manufacturer’s second largest customer and accounted for $90m, or 10% of the company’s business, in the fiscal year that ended in March. Retailers play a part in ensuring consumers get what they’re paying for. Although it can be difficult to track every manufacturer’s claim, retailers have a responsibility to take action promptly when they suspect dishonesty, said Erdem. Walmart’s actions – and whether it reacted quickly enough to protect its customers –are also under scrutiny. The lawsuit against Walmart claims that the company first became suspicious of Welspun’s Egyptian cotton label back in 2008, but only pulled the product off its shelves in September, after Target announced it was doing the same. Walmart declined to comment. Target said it was phasing out all products manufactured by Welspun under the “Fieldcrest” label after an investigation revealed sheets produced by the company between August 2014 and July 2016 used non-Egyptian cotton. This startup is using jellyfish to make eco-friendly tampons, diapers and pads Read more “Retailers with a good reputation should be vigilant about whether the claimed quality is indeed the delivered quality,” Erdem said. “The decisions about what brands to carry need to be made carefully, and that is part of quality management for a manufacturer.” Welspun did not respond to the Guardian’s request for comment. The company said in a statement in September to shareholders that it had hired an accounting firm to investigate its cotton suppliers. “We take the current traceability concerns around some of our product lines very seriously,” the company said. Welspun said the products under investigation represented 6% of the company’s annual business, and its deal with Walmart accounted for 1.5% of annual sales. The dwindling supply of Egyptian cotton could be a factor that leads cotton suppliers to cheat. Egyptian cotton production has been on a steady decline over the past decade as the global price for cotton has dropped and the Egyptian government has removed subsidies to help farmers. According to the US Department of Agriculture, Egypt is expected to produce 395,000 bales of cotton in 2017, down from nearly 940,000 bales in 2005. While verifying claims on labels can be challenging, technology is making it easier for retailers to at least check the reputation of certain brands, said Erdem. A laboratory outside New York City offers DNA testing to verify whether textiles are made of premium cotton. If they are, a tiny barcode is sprayed on the cotton before it is turned into yarn, allowing it to be tracked throughout the production process. “Certain claims are almost not verifiable, such as whether a certain cream delays the onset of wrinkles in the long run,” said Erdem. “But some others are easier to verify, such as the origin of the main raw material.” More features Topics Farming Retail industry Walmart Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Guardian Sustainable Business › Farming Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals on Smartphones, Cameras and other gadgets November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingblack friday 2016, black friday walmart opening hours, walmart 2016 ads, walmart ads, walmart ads for black friday, walmart black friday 2016 leaked ads, walmart black friday ads, walmart deals, walmart savings black fridayHarlan Busto Walmart will not allow shoppers to go unhappy on Black Friday.  With magnificent deals, the giant-retailer will always provide satisfaction the day after Thanksgiving. Upgrading phone this coming Black  Friday? Without a doubt, Walmart features some of the best deals on tech during the Black Friday shopping spree. Huge Savings on TVs, Mobiles and Cameras are available on Walmart on Black Friday 2016. When it comes to smartphones and accessories, Walmart offers some of the best deals on Black Friday. In recent years, Thanksgiving Day has not been spared from the cravings of shoppers throughout the country. It’s the start of the shopping spree that elevates through Black Friday. Walmart doesn’t fail its millions of shoppers by rolling out the Black Friday ads and flyers early to allow them to scan and look for the deals. Technology plays a major role in the coming Black Friday shopping spree. With the quick advancement of technology, stores are going to offer high-tech gadgets on Black Friday. Early Black Friday ads leaked at Walmart . This 2016 Black Friday, Walmart will surpass the product quantities by 50% than last year including hot-selling products such as TVs, Mobile, Cameras, Laptops and many more, especially online. Walmart for the first time is launching Black Friday deals on its mobile app starting this Thursday. With few days away from the Black Friday shopping spree, Walmart rolls out its Black Friday 2016 ads and flyers. Christmas and Thanksgiving Specials would be hard to negate. Walmart is about almost everything but the big retailers leaked Black Friday ads and flyers are mostly about tech items. Long-awaited Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad deals have finally arrived.  This is the 2nd year when Walmart is offering majority of its Black Friday deals online, because more and more people are segregating their budgets between online and in-store. Offering Wristbands for certain popular items, has become a tradition for Walmart that guarantees every shopper who receives a wristband will get the product for sure even if goes out of stock. To help you locate the in-demand items that sell out fast such as TVs and toys, Walmart has launched interactive store maps, which highlights the popular product location. Millions of shoppers last year accessed these store maps. Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad sales online begin at 12.01 on Thanksgiving Day and in-store doorbuster deals begin at 6PM the same day! Customers looking to take advantage of No Contract Straight Talk Wireless” phone, here is your great chance. Walmart is providing Samsung Galaxy S 6 Smartphone (Straight Talk Wireless) at just $249 that brings a huge savings of $150. There has been great price cut on Samsung Galaxy Luna 4.5″ Android (Straight Talk Wireless) which is offered at $19.88 (was $99) and Samsung Galaxy Sky 5.0″ 4G LTE Smartphone (Straight Talk Wireless) comes at $49 after cutting $90 from the original price. Walmart’s Black Friday wireless offer comprises of $250 Walmart gift card and $0 down when customers qualifies the purchase on Samsung or Apple phone and sign up for an instalment plan with AT&T Next or Verizon Device Payment. Phone will activated on 24th November at 9PM. On the phone accessories side, Walmart has Onn 3.5-ft. Micro USB Cable (Assorted Colors) available at $2 (was 4.88), wide range of Tzumi ProGlass for iPhone and Samsung phones at $4 each and Otterbox Defender case for iPhone 7, 6 5s and SE offered at $25. If you have been looking at a great camera deal, then here is your stealer – Polaroid Instant Digital Camera Bundle offered at $84 and Polaroid Zinc Paper (20-pk.) at $9.97 both listed under “Special Buy” by Walmart. On a higher-end Canon SLR 2 Lens Bundle at $449 is of course a great deal that saves you $150. Arlo by Netgear Security Camera can be availed at $99 which was $169 earlier and Night Owl HD Security Camera is now offered at $194 after slashing solid $85. Also you won’t get a better deal on Nest 3rd Gen Learning Thermostat at $199 (was $249) Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Post navigation ← Black Friday Target 2016 Big Savings: Doorbusters, Early Access Sale for early shoppers, Samsung tvs Staples Magnificent Deals, Black Friday Ads and Flyers captivate customers: Doorbusters, Opening Hours and Big Savings → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. HEADLINES NewEgg Black Friday 2016 ads and Flyers: Great Deals on desktop computer, tablet, laptop November 20, 2016 Kmart’s Spectacular Black Friday ads excites customers: K-mart reward program, Online Sales and Christmas Specials November 20, 2016 Like Us On Facebook Pages About US Contact US Privacy Policy blogging November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Proudly powered by WordPress
Login Page Archives Les Actualités Breaking News Relocation winds swirl around Carolina Hurricanes Excitement Not Lost on Young Maple Leafs Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety with Blockchain Test Tesla Acquires Solar Panel Company For $2 Billion ‘The Valuations are Really stupid’: Marijuana Stocks Spike Trip Circuit Breakers, Temporarily Halted lecanadian Canada's socially conscious lifestyle magazine Home business entertainment fashion foodie headline news health Letters · Editorials lifestyle sports UFO · Exopolitics Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety with Blockchain Test If you shop at Wal-Mart, you might be buying packaged produce unlike any ever sold in a U.S. store. The sliced apples or cut broccoli — the merchant won’t say exactly what’s involved — are being used to test blockchain, a new database technology. If successful, the trial could change how Wal-Mart Stores, which serves some 260 million customers a week, monitors food and takes action when something goes wrong. That could spur big leaps in food safety, cut costs and save lives. Like most merchants, the world’s largest retailer struggles to identify and remove food that’s been recalled. When a customer becomes ill, it can take days to identify the product, shipment and vendor. With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to obtain crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who inspected it. The database extends information from the pallet to the individual package. “It gives them an ability to have an accounting from origin to completion,” said Marshal Cohen, an analyst at researcher NPD Group Inc. “If there’s an issue with an outbreak of E. coli, this gives them an ability to immediately find where it came from. That’s the difference between days and minutes.” It’s also the difference between pulling a few tainted packages and yanking all the spinach from hundreds of stores, according to Frank Yiannas, vice president of food safety at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart. “With blockchain, you can do strategic removals, and let consumers and companies have confidence,” Yiannas said. “We believe that enhanced traceability is good for other aspects of the food systems. We hope you could capture other important attributes that would inform decisions around food flows, and even get more efficient at it.” More than 1,000 foodborne outbreaks investigated by state and local health departments are reported each year, according to the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention. The CDC estimates roughly 48 million people are afflicted annually, with 128,000 hospitalized and 3,000 dying. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. has suffered a year of falling sales as a result of several outbreaks. In October, Wal-Mart started tracking two products using blockchain: a packaged produce item in the U.S., and pork in China. While only two items were included, the test involved thousands of packages shipped to multiple stores. The blockchain is a distributed ledger where companies doing business with one another, such as growers, distributors and retailers, can record transactions securely. The database’s strength lies in its trustworthiness: the difficulty of reversing or changing what’s been recorded. The blockchain database can also hold much more data than what retailers get today, providing tools for more detailed analysis. That could help Wal-Mart deliver food to stores faster, reducing spoilage and waste. Cutting costs is critical for all retailers. Last year, retail sales rose only 2.1 per cent, the smallest gain since 2009, according to Retail Industry Leaders Association. Traditional offline retailers continue to be pressured by Amazon.com Inc. and its efficient supply chain. If the tests are successful, Wal-Mart will expand them to multiple food items in both countries, Yiannis said. “So far things are flowing smoothly and as expected,” he said. Wal-Mart has been at the forefront of adopting new technologies before. It began installing new chip-card readers at U.S. checkout counters 10 years before the deadline mandated by credit-card networks like Visa Inc. and Mastercard Inc. This summer, it took Walmart Pay nationwide, becoming one of the first large retailers to launch its own mobile-payment service. It’s also expanding its online grocery delivery service. The blockchain, a technology that only came onto the scene in 2009, is already being widely tested by companies in the financial, healthcare and natural-resource industries. Companies like International Business Machines Corp., the Nasdaq and BHP Billiton Ltd. have deployed or are planning to deploy it to run their businesses more efficiently. Wal-Mart is using blockchain technology co-developed by IBM. In October, the company opened the Walmart Food Safety Collaboration Center in Beijing. It also announced, with IBM and Tsinghua University, a collaboration using the blockchain to improve the way food is tracked, transported and sold to Chinese consumers. If Wal-Mart adopts the blockchain to track food worldwide, it could become of the largest deployments of the technology to date. “They are setting the new standards in terms of how technology can be implemented to solve a problem that’s been with us for ages,” said Paul Chang, global supply chain subject matter expert at IBM. Read More.. 2016-11-19 admin Previous: Tesla Acquires Solar Panel Company For $2 Billion Next: Excitement Not Lost on Young Maple Leafs About admin Amazon.ca Widgets Popular on The Le Candadian Agora Publishing Consortium Le Journal Canadien Dominion: Food News The Rebellife Magazine LeCanadian.com The Ottawa Star Elections Canada Magazine Singles-Ottawa.com Xcheaters-bistro.com Flirthookup-com.com Tigernewsmedia.com Capitalistocracy.com Trudeausociety.com Jerrytenenbaum.com Nrocrc.com OttawaRestaurantGoers.com Copyright © 2016 by The Canadian. All Rights Reserved.         About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms and Conditions
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     NES Classic In Stock At Best Buy This Weekend: Rumor Posted: Nov 19 2016, 4:59am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 19 2016, 6:22am CST, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Nintendo NES Classic is sold out online. The hard to find NES is rumored to be in stores this weekend. The Nintendo NES Classic is sold out online. The last chance to buy a NES Classic for the regular price of $59.99 was on Friday in the 5th flash sale of the NES Classic online at walmart.com. This promotion has now ended and Walmart has not announced a new NES sale.  Don't Miss: Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals Walmart was the only online store besides GameStop that offered the new mini Nintendo Entertainment System all week. GameStop offered a bundle deal the last time on Tuesday. The NES Classic launched on November 11. Nintendo had now over a week to resupply stores and the might have done just that. We already said in our latest report about the Hatchimals that retailers are shifting their limited inventories away from online shops for the Thanksgiving week. Hatchimals are more likely to be in stock at stores over the course of next week. We believe the same is true for the rare NES Classic. A rumor on a video game discussion forum supports that theory. A long time forum member at CheapAssGamer posted that a retail employee told him that Best Buy is getting a stock this weekend on Saturday and Sunday. He cautioned that he can't confirm the rumor. As the NES Classic is extremely hard to find any lead is worthwhile exploring. Visit your local Best Buy store ahead of the store opening hour to not miss out of possible stock of NES. Ask store employees about the availability of the NES.  It is also worthwhile the effort to visit the other stores that are known to carry the NES Classic. The list of stores include GameStop, Target, ToysRUs and Walmart. We'd love to hear from you in case you have information about the NES stock situation at your local store. We will send out our reporter to the malls starting Monday. The NES Classic Edition starts at $229.99 from resellers at the Amazon Market Place. On eBay the Nintendo NES Classic Edition is listed for $199 in non-auction offers.   The new Nintendo Entertainment System is a perfect product for the Holidays. It works great as gift for adults as well as kids. Families can enjoy playing the simple video games from the 80s together. There are 3rd party controllers and accessories that make the NES more fun to use. Nintendo knows it messed up, underestimating the demand for the NES Classic Edition. Nintendo has issued a statement on Twitter on November 11 acknowledging the shortage of the NES Classic Edition. "The Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition system is a hot item, and we are working hard to keep up with consumer demand. There will be a steady flow of additional systems through the holiday shopping season and into the new year. Please contact your local retailers to check availability." The shrunk NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. Find more Holiday Gifts, alternatives to these hard to get toys, in the I4U News Holiday Gift Guide. The big Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale has launched. Find the current Amazon deals in our Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 42 minutes ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 3 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 4 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 6 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 6 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 7 hours ago Walmart launches Samsung Black Friday Sales Event 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 42 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Sunday, November 20, 2016 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Elections Marijuana Business Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Home Business Wal-Mart tackles food safety print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Wal-Mart tackles food safety Bloomberg News Published Nov 19, 2016 at 12:02AM If you shop at Wal-Mart, you might be buying packaged produce unlike any ever sold in a U.S. store. The sliced apples or cut broccoli — the merchant won’t say exactly what’s involved — are being used to test blockchain, a new database technology. If successful, the trial could change how Wal-Mart Stores, which serves some 260 million customers a week, monitors food and takes action when something goes wrong. That could spur big leaps in food safety, cut costs and save lives. Like most merchants, the world’s largest retailer struggles to identify and remove food that’s been recalled. When a customer becomes ill, it can take days to identify the product, shipment and vendor. With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to obtain crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who inspected it. The database extends information from the pallet to the individual package. “It gives them an ability to have an accounting from origin to completion,” said Marshal Cohen, an analyst at researcher NPD Group Inc. “If there’s an issue with an outbreak of E. coli, this gives them an ability to immediately find where it came from. That’s the difference between days and minutes.” It’s also the difference between pulling a few tainted packages and yanking all the spinach from hundreds of stores, according to Frank Yiannas, vice president of food safety at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart. “With blockchain, you can do strategic removals, and let consumers and companies have confidence,” Yiannas said. “We believe that enhanced traceability is good for other aspects of the food systems. We hope you could capture other important attributes that would inform decisions around food flows, and even get more efficient at it.” More than 1,000 foodborne outbreaks investigated by state and local health departments are reported each year, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC estimates roughly 48 million people are afflicted annually, with 128,000 hospitalized and 3,000 dying. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. has suffered a year of falling sales as a result of several outbreaks. In October, Wal-Mart started tracking two products using blockchain: a packaged produce item in the U.S., and pork in China. While only two items were included, the test involved thousands of packages shipped to multiple stores. The blockchain is a distributed ledger where companies doing business with one another, such as growers, distributors and retailers, can record transactions securely. The database’s strength lies in its trustworthiness: the difficulty of reversing or changing what’s been recorded. The blockchain database can also hold much more data than what retailers get today, providing tools for more detailed analysis. That could help Wal-Mart deliver food to stores faster, reducing spoilage and waste. Cutting costs is critical for all retailers. Last year, retail sales rose only 2.1 percent, the smallest gain since 2009, according to Retail Industry Leaders Association. Traditional offline retailers continue to be pressured by Amazon.com Inc. and its efficient supply chain. If the tests are successful, Wal-Mart will expand them to multiple food items in both countries, Yiannis said. “So far things are flowing smoothly and as expected,” he said. The blockchain, a technology that only came onto the scene in 2009, is already being widely tested by companies in the financial, health care and natural-resource industries. Companies like International Business Machines Corp., the Nasdaq and BHP Billiton Ltd. have deployed or are planning to deploy it to run their businesses more efficiently. Wal-Mart is using blockchain technology co-developed by IBM. In October, the company opened the Walmart Food Safety Collaboration Center in Beijing. It also announced, with IBM and Tsinghua University, a collaboration using the blockchain to improve the way food is tracked, transported and sold to Chinese consumers. If Wal-Mart adopts the blockchain to track food worldwide, it could become of the largest deployments of the technology to date. “They are setting the new standards in terms of how technology can be implemented to solve a problem that’s been with us for ages,” said Paul Chang, global supply chain subject matter expert at IBM. 15656483 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Slideshow The building of a Keith Manufacturing Walking Floor Slideshow Hops harvest Video Vermont students bring robotics to Bend Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Smith Rock Brewing Co. family feud leads to lawsuit 11/18/2016 REDMOND — The four owners of Smith Rock Brewing Co. are feuding ... more N-Link lays off most Bend employees 11/16/2016 Today will be the last day of work for the bulk of ... more Bend beers win again 11/16/2016 Two Bend breweries won medals at the European Beer Star competition in ... more Bend company improves rainwater collection 11/15/2016 With a background in product design and a passion for sustainable living, ... more Oregon will lose bank headquarters with Bank of the Cascades sale 11/19/2016 With Bank of the Cascades’ proposed sale to a Montana-based bank, Central ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Black Friday 2016: Target Surprise Doorbusters, Walmart store maps, Lowe's ad and more Print Email Leada Gore | lgore@al.com By Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 18, 2016 at 11:56 PM, updated November 19, 2016 at 12:08 AM comments Target has some early Black Friday doorbusters.William Thornton / wthornton@al.com  The countdown to Black Friday has passed the one week mark and we're starting to see the Black Friday deals roll in. Target has released a list of Surprise Doorbusters. The items aren't online yet, according to BFAds.net, but here's sneak peek: •   Apex 19" LED HDTV - $99.99 • Westinghouse 24" 1080p LED HDTV - $149.99 • Element 40" 1080p LCD HDTV - $279.99 • Westinghouse 40" 1080p 120Hz LED HDTV - $349.99 • LG 47" 1080p 120Hz LED HDTV - $599.99 • Westinghouse 32" LED HDTV - $199.99 • Samsung 50" 1080p LED HDTV - $699.00 • Samsung 55" 1080p 120Hz LED HDTV - $999.99 • Samsung Soundbar - $179.99 • RCA CD Changer - $99.99 • Netgear NeoTV - no pricing info yet Walmart, Target released Black Friday store maps Walmart and Target want to make it easier to get around their stores on Thanksgiving and Black Friday. The stores have released their Black Friday maps to show shoppers exactly where the most sought-after items are, BFads.net reported. Walmart's store map is available on their app as well as their site. To view your map, click here and select "My Local Store" and "Weekly Ads" to see an option to click on a store map. Not all store maps are available yet. Target also has a store map you can use to locate doorbusters on Black Friday. You can click here and enter your zip code to find your map. Here are some other Black Friday ads: Sephora - Sephora's Black Friday deals will go live online at 12:10 a.m. Thanksgiving morning. From BestBlackFriday.com Lowe's – Lowe's is closed on Thanksgiving, will open at 6 a.m. on Black Friday Pet Smart  - PetSmart will be closed on Thanksgiving with Black Friday hours from 7 a.m.-9 p.m. Online deals will be available starting at 7 a.m. on Thanksgiving. Couple of special offers from PetSmart: Online purchases made Nov. 25-27 will receive free shipping (excluding doorbusters) Doorbusters will be offered 7 a.m.-noon on Black Friday PetSmart is launching its first ever text messaging program that allows customers to opt-in to receive coupons, content and event notifications. You can do that here or text PetSmart to 84848.  Check out other Black Friday ads here: Academy Sports Ace Hardware Amazon Electronics Guide Babies R Us  Bed Bath and Beyond Belk Best Buy Big Lots  Burlington Stores Cabelas CVS Game Stop Dell Black Friday Dell Small Business Black Friday Dell Small Business Cyber Monday Dick's  Express Five Below Goody's Habor Freight Tools hhGregg JoAnn's Fabrics JC Penney Black Friday Kmart  Kohl's Lowe's  Macy's Macy's Doorbusters Michael's  Office Depot/Office Max  Petco Petsmart Rite Aid Sam's Club Samsung Sears  Sephora Staples  Target T-Mobile Toys R Us  Victoria's Secret Walmart Walgreens Thanksgiving Week Holiday catalogs American Armed Forces Exchange Store Bass Pro Shop Big Lots Costco Dollar General Dollar Tree Hallmark Toybooks Dollar General JC Penney Toy Book Kmart Lego Macy's Target Top toy lists Amazon Kmart Target Toys R Us Walmart Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 46F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 5 Buy Now Michael Thomas Debbie Elbl, of St. Charles, reads a mall map as holiday decorations is seen inside the Macy's Department store on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. Most Macy's stores plan to open Thanksgiving evening, close for a few hours and then reopen at 5 a.m. on Black Friday. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From left, Alex Anderson, 20, of Imperial, and Miranda Maheri, 19, of Arnold, walk Nov. 17, 2016, at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. Anderson says he usually enjoys watching the shopping madness on Thanksgiving, while Maheri said she's usually working that day. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Shoppers walk along as holiday decorations are seen on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sierra Thompson, 22, of Hillsboro, walks along a mall decorated for the holidays on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. Thompson, a cashier at Walmart, which plans to open at 6 p.m. on the holiday, has to work. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Shoppers walk along as holiday decorations are seen on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Malls, retailers tweak hours as holiday shopping rush nears By Lisa Brown St. Louis Post-Dispatch Lisa Brown 4 hrs ago (…) Buy Now Michael Thomas Debbie Elbl, of St. Charles, reads a mall map as holiday decorations is seen inside the Macy's Department store on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. Most Macy's stores plan to open Thanksgiving evening, close for a few hours and then reopen at 5 a.m. on Black Friday. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From left, Alex Anderson, 20, of Imperial, and Miranda Maheri, 19, of Arnold, walk Nov. 17, 2016, at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. Anderson says he usually enjoys watching the shopping madness on Thanksgiving, while Maheri said she's usually working that day. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Shoppers walk along as holiday decorations are seen on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sierra Thompson, 22, of Hillsboro, walks along a mall decorated for the holidays on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. Thompson, a cashier at Walmart, which plans to open at 6 p.m. on the holiday, has to work. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Shoppers walk along as holiday decorations are seen on November 17, 2016 at West County Mall in Des Peres. St. Louis' largest mall operator, CBL, announced it's closing its malls on Thanksgiving this year. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Shoppers will still have plenty of options to seek out deals at retailers immediately after their Thanksgiving meal this year, even though the largest mall operator in St. Louis won’t be open on the holiday. Target, Kohl’s and Sears will open their doors at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving, and Walmart’s in-store sales begin at 6 p.m. Most Toys R Us, Best Buy and Macy’s stores will open at 5 p.m., and J.C. Penney is hoping to attract shoppers early with a 3 p.m. opening. “We pay associates double-time on Thanksgiving, and we have more people sign up for it than needed,” said Paul Lemmon, general manager of the J.C. Penney at South County Center. The store plans to offer platters of food for its employees around the clock to make it through the night as it remains open past midnight and into Black Friday. J.C. Penney will be the only store in the mall open in the middle of the night, as another anchor, Macy’s, plans to close at 2 a.m. and reopen on Friday morning at 5. Many retailers have scaled back their overnight hours in recent years, including Best Buy, which will close at 1 a.m. on Friday and reopen at 8 a.m. “In 2013, our stores stayed open all night,” said Best Buy spokeswoman Bianca Jones. “Since then, we made the decision to close for several hours. This allows us to clean, restock and reorganize our stores in time for our Friday opening.” Tennessee-based CBL & Associates Properties is closing its malls across the country for Thanksgiving, including its local malls: West County Center, South County Center, Mid Rivers Mall and St. Clair Square. Those malls will open at 6 a.m. on Friday. Mall leaders say they want to give employees the chance to spend time with family on Thanksgiving after several years of being open on the holiday. Chesterfield Mall also will be closed on Thanksgiving and open Friday at 6 a.m. The mall closures on Thanksgiving won’t interrupt the shopping plans of Betty Myers, 66, of Prairie du Rocher, Ill., who was shopping with her daughter Barbie Curten at the Galleria on Friday. “Thanksgiving is a day for family,” Myers said. Early discounts Shoppers’ email inboxes and mailboxes are flooded this time of year with retailers’ ads proclaiming Black Friday discounts available several days and even weeks before the big shopping day that traditionally kicks off the holiday shopping season. “There are a lot of retailers right now already doing sales, with some as good as the Black Friday sales, and we’re definitely seeing the volume of shoppers has begun to increase,” said CBL local marketing director Sean Phillips. “We didn’t see any incremental sales increases by being open on Thanksgiving. Rather, the traffic and sales volume was just spread out over a two-day period.” To attract customers on Black Friday, CBL malls are offering shoppers the chance to win shopping sprees ranging from $250 to $500. CBL also spent “in the six figures” on new holiday décor at West County Center to replace trees, lights and Santa’s seating area in use since 2002 when the mall reopened following a massive redevelopment. Several other malls will be open on Thanksgiving evening, including the two outlet malls in Chesterfield, St. Louis Galleria and Alton Square Mall. At Walmart, the retailer is offering nearly all of its Black Friday deals available in stores on its website beginning just after midnight on Thanksgiving, said Mari Matthes, store manager of the Kirkwood Walmart. Customers can either have the merchandise shipped or they can pick it up in stores. “This year, we’ve dramatically increased the amount of Black Friday merchandise allocated to Walmart.com, by 50 percent,” said spokeswoman Danit Marquardt. A lot of green Holiday purchases made online in the U.S. are expected to surpass the $100 billion mark for the first time, according to market research firm Forrester Research, based in Cambridge, Mass. It forecast online sales of $112 billion, a 13 percent increase from last year. Online sales generally total about 12 percent of annual retail sales, according to Forrester, but that figure jumps to 16 percent in November and December. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business See how St. Louis stocks are faring Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis “While Black Friday and the days leading up to Christmas are the most important shopping days for brick-and-mortar stores, Cyber Monday (the Monday following Thanksgiving) is the biggest online shopping event,” Forrester’s senior analyst Susan Wu wrote in a recent research report. La Royce Gaines, 44, of St. Louis, was shopping Friday afternoon for a friend’s birthday gift at the St. Louis Galleria, but she said she plans to stay far away from malls on Thanksgiving and Black Friday and shop for holiday gifts online only. “I hate fighting for parking, and the long lines are frustrating,” she said. Holiday sales are expected to rise to $655.8 billion in November and December, a 3.6 percent increase from 2015, according to the National Retail Federation, which bases its forecast on consumer credit, disposable personal income and previous monthly retail sales. The figures don’t include autos, gas or restaurant sales. The unemployment rate fell in October to 4.9 percent and on Tuesday, the Commerce Department reported retail sales rose 0.8 percent in October. “October’s strong sales and September’s upward revisions show that consumer spending improved despite the headwinds from the polarizing election and warmer than normal weather,” retail federation Chief Economist Jack Kleinhenz said in a statement. “Recent solid wage gains and other fundamentals are generating uplift, positioning consumers and retailers for the healthy holiday season (National Retail Federation) is forecasting.” Consumers plan to spend an average of $935.58 this holiday season on presents, food, flowers, decorations and greeting cards, according to the federation’s annual consumer spending survey. One area that’s growing is self-spending, or buying discounted goods for yourself during the Black Friday sales. Consumers plan to spend $139.61 on self-spending during the holidays, the second highest amount in the survey’s 13-year history. The record was in 2012, when consumer self-spending totaled $140.43. Still, some consumers feel cautious about their finances. Forty-seven percent of respondents said their household finances are strained, according to a survey conducted by Chicago-based market research firm IRI. “Consumers are really trying to keep their budgets in check,” said Susan Viamari, IRI vice president of thought leadership. Despite consumer caution, shoppers are willing to buy unplanned splurge items. According to the IRI survey, even 13 percent of those with strained finances said they would buy an additional or unplanned item. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Lisa Brown • 314-340-8127 @lisabrownstl on Twitter lbrown@post-dispatch.com Holidays topical 50+ of the season's hottest toys put to the test by St. Louis kids Nov 18, 2016 (…) By Valerie Schremp Hahn, Aisha Sultan, Amy Bertrand and Jody Mitori Holiday shopping hours Stores J.C. Penney: Opens at 3 p.m. on Thanksgiving and stays open until 10 p.m. on Black Friday Toys 'R Us: Open at 5 p.m. Thanksgiving Target, Kohl's, Sears and Dick's Sporting Goods: Open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Walmart: In-store sales begin at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving Malls West County Center, South County Center, Mid Rivers Mall and St. Clair Square: Closed on Thanksgiving, open 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Plaza Frontenac: Closed on Thanksgiving, open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Black Friday. St. Louis Premium Outlets in Chesterfield: Open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving until 2 a.m., reopening 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Taubman Prestige Outlets in Chesterfield: Open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving until midnight, reopening 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Alton Square Mall: Open from 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving until 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Tags Shopping Retail Spending Walmart Target Kohl's Sears Macy's Toys 'r Us Best Buy Jc Penney Shopping Malls Black Friday Cyber Monday Store Retailer Mall Lisa Brown Lisa Brown is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Lisa Brown Close Get email notifications on Lisa Brown daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Lisa Brown posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Lisa Brown Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Build-A-Bear pursuing growth in smaller spaces, licensing deals Malls, retailers tweak hours as holiday shopping rush nears 4 strategies to make smart choices on holiday spending Thanksgiving cheer for consumers as turkey, ham prices fall More capital might solve the problem of too-big-to-fail banks Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
SIGN IN REGISTER Sunday, November 20 2016 | Companies Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online Companies 2 days ago Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Most Read 1. Murray & Roberts’s shares jump after Gautrain ... Companies / Industrials 2. Bob Diamond: The misadventures of a banker in ... Companies / Financial Services 3. Acsa staff call for probe into corruption after ... Companies / Transport & Tourism Unilateral changes in mining charter worry the industry Business 2 days ago Most Read 1. Getting shovels into the cash pile Business 2. Civil debt judgments continue to decline Business 3. Radebe calls for united front ahead of ratings ... Business Nedlac panel proposes R3,500 a month national minimum wage Economy 52 minutes ago Most Read 1. The risk of transfer pricing audits is growing ... Economy 2. SA CEOs seventh best paid in the world, says ... Economy 3. Ratings agencies start talks on SA Economy Noah’s father’s name ‘not even on birth certificate’ Life / Books 2 days ago Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Most Read 1. Cape Town’s CBD is getting younger Life 2. Supa Strikas a winner for Backbone Studios at ... Life / Arts & Entertainment 3. Star animation duo at Talia Productions scoop top ... Life / Arts & Entertainment Oil down on firmer dollar, set for weekly gain on Opec hopes Markets 2 days ago Most Read 1. Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes ... Markets 2. Rand recovers somewhat on marginal dollar weakness Markets 3. Rand 1.2% weaker against surging dollar Markets DA vows to continue fight to have ‘toxic’ Motsoeneng removed National / Media 4 hours ago National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Most Read 1. Opposition political parties have called on Zuma ... National 2. Presidency denies Mashaba's claim that convoy ... National 3. Nomboniso to probe Wits rape National EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? Opinion 2 days ago Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Most Read 1. NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his ... Opinion / Columnists 2. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 3. JOEL NETSHITENZHE: How black professionals could ... Opinion ANC probes unpopular Western Cape councillor’s refusal to resign Politics 2 days ago Most Read 1. Political firestorm is raging in SA's criminal ... Politics 2. ANC probes unpopular Western Cape councillor’s ... Politics 3. The ANC will pay a heavy price for sticking with ... Politics This is the toughest moment of my coaching career, says Coetzee Sport / Rugby 8 hours ago Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Most Read 1. This is the toughest moment of my coaching ... Sport / Rugby 2. Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Sport / Cricket 3. Any win will do for battered Springboks Sport / Rugby Merkel poised to announce bid for fourth term World / Europe 5 hours ago World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Most Read 1. South Korea's President faces impeachment threat World / Asia 2. Give Trump time and don’t assume worst, Obama ... World / Americas 3. Over 100 die in India train derailment World / Asia Sign In Register Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Business Economy Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Markets National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Politics Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East BL Premium SIGN IN REGISTER Companies How Wal-Mart is using blockchain to make food safer With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to get crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who inspected it 18 November 2016 - 13:57 PM Olga Kharif A Wal-Mart store Salinas, California, US. Picture: ISTOCK Portland — If you shop at Wal-Mart, you might be buying packaged produce unlike any ever sold in a US store. The sliced apples or cut broccoli — the merchant will not say what’s involved exactly — are being used to test blockchain, a new database technology. If successful, the trial could change how Wal-Mart Stores, which serves some 260-million customers a week, monitors food and takes action when something goes wrong. That could spur big leaps in food safety, cut costs and save lives. Like most merchants, the world’s largest retailer struggles to identify and remove food that has been recalled. When a customer becomes ill, it can take days to identify the product, shipment and vendor. With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to obtain crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who inspected it. The database extends information from the pallet to the individual package. "It gives them an ability to have an accounting from origin to completion," said Marshal Cohen, an analyst at researcher NPD Group. "If there’s an issue with an outbreak of E.coli, this gives them an ability to immediately find where it came from. That’s the difference between days and minutes." It is also the difference between pulling a few tainted packages and yanking all the spinach from hundreds of stores, according to Frank Yiannas, vice president of food safety at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart. Insurance giants hope blockchain can help them streamline operations "With blockchain, you can do strategic removals, and let consumers and companies have confidence," Yiannas said. "We believe that enhanced traceability is good for other aspects of the food systems. We hope you could capture other important attributes that would inform decisions around food flows, and even get more efficient at it." More than 1,000 foodborne outbreaks investigated by state and local health departments are reported each year, according to the Centre for Disease Control & Prevention. The CDC estimates roughly 48-million people are afflicted annually, with 128,000 hospitalised and 3,000 dying. Chipotle Mexican Grill has suffered a year of falling sales as a result of several outbreaks. Packaged produce In October, Wal-Mart started tracking two products using blockchain: a packaged produce item in the US, and pork in China. While only two items were included, the test involved thousands of packages shipped to multiple stores. The blockchain is a distributed ledger where companies doing business with each other — such as growers, distributors and retailers — can record transactions securely. The database’s strength lies in its trustworthiness: the difficulty of reversing or changing what has been recorded. The blockchain database can also hold much more data than what retailers get today, providing tools for more detailed analysis. That could help Wal-Mart deliver food to stores faster, reducing spoilage and waste. Cutting costs is critical for all retailers. Last year, retail sales rose only 2.1%, the smallest gain since 2009, according to Retail Industry Leaders’ Association. Traditional offline retailers continue to be pressured by Amazon.com and its efficient supply chain. Wider application? If the tests are successful, Wal-Mart will expand them to multiple food items in both countries, Yiannis said. "So far things are flowing smoothly and as expected," he said. Wal-Mart has been at the forefront of adopting new technologies before. It began installing new chip-card readers at US checkout counters 10 years before the deadline mandated by credit-card networks like Visa and Mastercard. This summer, it took Walmart Pay nationwide, becoming one of the first large retailers to launch its own mobile-payment service. It is also expanding its online grocery delivery service. The blockchain, a technology that only came onto the scene in 2009, is already being widely tested by companies in the financial, healthcare and natural-resource industries. Bold forecasts, but the blockchain numbers do not add up Blockchain industry is either hugely underresourced or hugely overoptimistic. Probably both, write Lionel Laurent and Elaine He Opinion 2 months ago Five tech trends to look out for in 2017 Advances that will revolutionise the way companies do business Lifestyle 1 month ago Watch out for the internet of things Artificial intelligence, and augmented and virtual reality could allow businesses to make better decisions in years to come Companies 1 month ago Companies like International Business Machines, the Nasdaq and BHP Billiton have deployed or are planning to deploy it to run their businesses more efficiently. Wal-Mart is using blockchain technology co-developed by IBM. In October, the company opened the Walmart Food Safety Collaboration Centre in Beijing. It also announced, with IBM and Tsinghua University, a collaboration using the blockchain to improve the way food is tracked, transported and sold to Chinese consumers. If Wal-Mart adopts the blockchain to track food worldwide, it could become of the largest deployments of the technology to date. "They are setting the new standards in terms of how technology can be implemented to solve a problem that’s been with us for ages," said Paul Chang, global supply chain subject matter expert at IBM. Bloomberg Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. Murray & Roberts’s shares jump after Gautrain ... Companies / Industrials 2. Bob Diamond: The misadventures of a banker in ... Companies / Financial Services 3. Acsa staff call for probe into corruption after ... Companies / Transport & Tourism 4. Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it ... Companies / Retail & Consumer 5. Emirates weighs up cheaper flights to see off ... Companies Related Articles Wal-Mart reports lower than expected quarterly sales Companies Wal-Mart cottons on to fake labelling of textile products by Welspun India World / Americas Wal-Mart deal could hamper Jet.com’s tax advantage World / Americas Walmart remodels China online strategy World / Asia Walmart in Canada to stop use of Visa World / Americas Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. Murray & Roberts’s shares jump after Gautrain ... Companies / Industrials 2. Bob Diamond: The misadventures of a banker in ... Companies / Financial Services 3. Acsa staff call for probe into corruption after ... Companies / Transport & Tourism 4. Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it ... Companies / Retail & Consumer 5. Emirates weighs up cheaper flights to see off ... Companies Related Articles Wal-Mart reports lower than expected quarterly sales Companies Wal-Mart cottons on to fake labelling of textile products by Welspun India World / Americas Wal-Mart deal could hamper Jet.com’s tax advantage World / Americas Walmart remodels China online strategy World / Asia Walmart in Canada to stop use of Visa World / Americas Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVI
null
Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux More Walmart is playing a dangerous role in the normalization of Burzum T-shirts Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Screenshot: NBC Posted Nov 20 Kristen Wiig comes home for a funny, political SNL Thanksgiving 2 (Photo: Don Emmert/Getty Images) Posted Nov 19 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter 3 Screenshot: YouTube Posted Nov 18 Let’s check in on No Man’s Sky fans, who are out of their goddamned minds 4 Posted Nov 20 Tensions come to a head between co-workers Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Reviews Video Great Job, Internet! Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire (Photo: Don Emmert/Getty Images) 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter Mortal Kombat Hollywood is putting another quarter in the Mortal Kombat movie franchise The Latest From Features Tensions come to a head between co-workers Gene, Zeke, Jocelyn, Tammy (Image: Fox) Let a double serving of Bob’s Burgers warm you up for Thanksgiving The Latest From Reviews B Bruno Mars (Photo: Kai Z Peng) Bruno Mars takes homage-pop to the next level on the escapist 24K Magic B Colin Quinn (Photo: Chris Owyoung/Netflix) In The New York Story, Colin Quinn looks to stereotypes for wisdom—and finds some The Latest From Videos Aparna Nancherla rates the excuses of less dependable comedians   America’s best tiki bartender shows us how to make his signature drink   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! Screenshot: YouTube Midnight, the stars, and Pence: Did The Shining predict Trump’s win? Watch the Harlem Globetrotters do some great Harlem Globetrotters-y shit All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr Music Newswire Walmart is playing a dangerous role in the normalization of Burzum T-shirts By Katie Rife@futureschlock Nov 18, 2016 6:42 PM Share Tweet The word “normalization” has been thrown around a lot lately, generally in reference to the lamestream media’s attempts to be even-handed in its coverage of people who openly hate it (i.e., Donald Trump and his team). But there’s another, equally insidious means by which extreme beliefs formerly relegated to the lunatic fringe are being woven into the fabric of mainstream society. That’s right—Walmart is now selling Burzum T-shirts. In all fairness, the shirts are being sold through an outside seller, Rockabilia, on Walmart’s website, and aren’t actually available in Walmart stores. (Amazon also sells the exact same shirt, for the record.) Sellers on Walmart’s website are vetted, although it’s not clear how (Walmart’s site says its “verification process is proprietary and confidential”), and considering the shirt doesn’t have “THIS ARTIST HAS MADE SOME WORRYING STATEMENTS ABOUT JEWS” printed on it in bold letters, it’s possible that Walmart’s secret marketplace tribunal has no idea who the hell Burzum is and what he stands for. Then again, this is an Arkansas-based corporation operating in the year 2016, when the quintessentially Burzum-esque pastimes of hate crimes and church burnings are on the rise. Maybe Walmart knows exactly what it’s doing after all. Thanks to reader Patrick Folz for the tip. Send your Newswire tips to tips@avclub.com Share Tweet Filed Under: Music, Black metal, Walmart, 2016 More Newswire Previous Newswire Emilia Clarke joins the Han Solo spinoff movie Next Newswire R.I.P. Sharon Jones WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. More Newswire 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter Nov 19, 2016 7:59 PM Hollywood is putting another quarter in the Mortal Kombat movie franchise Nov 19, 2016 5:19 PM Come, sonny boy: It’s time for this year’s Bad Sex In Fiction nominees Nov 19, 2016 3:57 PM Wyatt Cenac is giving away a politically charged stand-up EP Nov 19, 2016 2:46 PM A.V. Club Most Read 1 Screenshot: NBC Posted Nov 20 Kristen Wiig comes home for a funny, political SNL Thanksgiving 2 (Photo: Don Emmert/Getty Images) Posted Nov 19 12 hours later, Donald Trump is still yelling about Hamilton on Twitter 3 Screenshot: YouTube Posted Nov 18 Let’s check in on No Man’s Sky fans, who are out of their goddamned minds 4 Posted Nov 20 Tensions come to a head between co-workers Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2016 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People OTT DirecTV Now Sets November 28 Launch Event By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 18, 2016 Congress House Passes Potential FCC Regulation-Blocking Bill By John Eggerton Nov 18, 2016 Policy Kroner to Retire at AMC Nets as Juvelis, Maiella Move Up By MCN Staff Nov 17, 2016 News CPJ Seeks Meeting with VP-Elect Pence By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 FCC Under Multi-front GOP Push to Ramp Down By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 Sens. Markey, Wyden Put Hold on Rosenworcel By John Eggerton Nov 17, 2016 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community The Bauminator Apple Said to Be Chopping App Fees for Video Services By Jeff Baumgartner The Bauminator Google Testing 4K-HDR Box for Fiber TV: Report By Jeff Baumgartner Picture This Holidays Come to TV Early By R. Thomas Umstead MCN Guest Blog Strengthening the Cord With Cause-and-Effect Analysis By Marek Polonski, APT MCN Online Extra -- Nov. 14, 2016 By MCN Staff Dan Rather Trumped Election Prognosticators By R. Thomas Umstead Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Nov 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 Nov 07, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 Oct 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Oct 24, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Technology Sling TV, Roku Get Into the Holiday Selling Spirit By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 18, 2016 Video Frontier Expands Reach of Vantage TV, Netflix Integration ‘Coming Soon’ By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 18, 2016 OTT Amazon Preparing International Expansion of Streaming Service By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 18, 2016 Social Media Food Network Adds Another Dash of A.I. By Jeff Baumgartner Nov 18, 2016 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Nov 18 2016 Technology Sling TV, Roku Get Into the Holiday Selling Spirit CTA expects record tech buys over Black Friday week 11/18/2016 5:10 PM Eastern Last updated at 11/18/2016 5:14 PM By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Sling TV and Roku are getting an early jump on Black  Friday with deals and upcoming offers that arrive amid a forecast from the Consumer Technology Association that consumers will be buying tech-related toys and gizmos in record numbers starting next week.   Taking advantage of the fact that its service does not require an installation appointment, Sling TV said it’s offering gift cards at Walmart, Best Buy and GameStop stores around the country. Walmart stores will carry $25 Sling TV gift cards, while Best Buy and GameStop will offer them in increments up to $100. The cards, also offered at Sling.com and through  eGifter, can be redeemed online.   On the device side, Sling TV is offering Apple TV boxes for $89 (versus a retail price of $149) to customers who prepay for three months of service, and 50% off a Roku Premiere+ (usually $100) under the same prepay option. It’s also offering a free Roku Streaming Stick when subs pony up for three months of service.   Roku has some of its own deals on the way:   -Roku Streaming Stick at Best Buy and other major retailers starting Nov. 20 for $35.99 (down from $49.99). -Price cut on the Roku Express+ exclusively at Walmart for $25 (down from $39.99) starting Nov. 24. -The Roku 2 for $44.99 exclusively at Kohl’s starting Nov. 21. -The Roku 3 for $49.99 exclusively at Best Buy starting Nov. 24.   The CTA said it expects a record 116 Americans – or about 47% of the adult population, will purchase tech or tech accessories during Black Friday Week.   Its 2016 Pre-Black Friday Survey anticipated a 10% jump in the number of U.S. adults planning to buy tech products from the Monday before Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday (November 21-28, 2016).   “By all accounts, the 2016 Black Friday week looks like it will be a record breaker for tech,” said Shawn DuBravac, Ph.D., chief economist, CTA, in a statement.  “Even with delayed promotions from retailers and manufacturers, and signs of pre-election uncertainty, we expect consumer enthusiasm for technology purchases during the holidays to be higher than ever.”     CTA said the top 10 tech products shoppers plan to buy are:   Televisions  Laptop computers  Smartphones  Videogame consoles Tablet computers  Headphones  Tech accessories   DVD or Blu-ray Disc players  Digital cameras  Wearables Among other more specific categories, CTA expects 1.2 million drones to be sold in the U.S. during the Q4 holiday season, as well as 700,000 VR headsets, and 4.5 million 4K/Ultra HD TVs.  Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Consumer Technology Association    Black Friday    Sling TV    Roku    Cyber Monday    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: VITEC Launches First Broadcast-Grade Integrated IPTV and Digital Signage Platform SMPTE Launches New Virtual Course on IMF Essentials Next Century Cities and Google Fiber Announce Digital Inclusion Leadership Competition Viacom and Facing Addiction Join U.S. Surgeon General to Address America’s Addiction Crisis Terri Hines Appointed Executive Vice President, Communications at Fox Sports Artel Video Systems Welcomes Chris Riello as Vice President of Product Development Sean “Diddy” Combs’ Revolt Tv To Exclusively Air Popular “Drink Champs” Podcast, Hosted By Rapper N.O.R.E. And Dj Efn Byron Allen’s Entertainment Studios Hires Michael Clark As Vice President Of Digital Advertising Sales For The Grio The National Association For Multi-Ethnicity In Communications And The Emma Bowen Foundation Partner To Launch Online Professional Network CTHRA Seeks Input for 2017 Industry Compensation Surveys Survey Planning Meetings Set for Atlanta Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ DirecTV Now Sets November 28 Launch Event Charter Launches Low-Cost Broadband Service PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets Comcast Won't Authenticate Subs for New Starz App Related Stories Sling TV Scores NBA TV Jeff Baumgartner - 11/16/2016 05:46:00 PM America/New_York Sling TV, Dish Network’s OTT-TV service, has added Kagan: Pay TV Losses Reach 430K in Q3 Mike Farrell - 11/14/2016 02:57:00 PM America/New_York SNL Kagan estimated that the pay TV sector lost about Q3 Pay TV Losses Are Flat, But Winds of Change Blowing Mike Farrell - 11/14/2016 08:00:00 AM America/New_York Pay TV subscribers were leaving the ranks in the third Subscribe Now Events See All Events → December Diversity Discussion Dec 05, 2016 Convene,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 NYC TV & Video Week 2016 Freeze Frame -- Oct. 17, 2016 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Tuesday, Sept. 27 Cable-Tec Expo 2016 -- Monday, Sept. 26 Freeze Frame -- Sept. 12, 2016 See All → Hold on FCC's Rosenworcel Nomination Lifted WTVT Tampa Report Prompts Senator's Call for Action Alicia Elsner to Head KSDK St. Louis ‘Supernatural’ Drives 1 in 4 Social Media Emotional Reactions for The CW Freeform Counts Down 150 Days Until ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Final Season AFCCE Awards FCC’s Knapp RFS Expands Slotted Array Antenna Line NAB: FCC Repack Deadline Likely Unachievable CTA White Paper Tells Trump to Focus on IoT GeoBroadcast Receives Patent for MaxxCasting Coverage Tech This 20-Minute Video Is a Brilliant Master Class in Lenses 'Nocturnal Animals' Color Combines DI and VFX Processes The Year in Acronyms: VR, HDR and IP: Examining the Emergence of These Technologies How DP Simon Niblett Made 'The Eagle Huntress' Soar on a Shoestring Budget 'The Eagle Huntress' Director Otto Bell on Being Compelled By His Star to Tell Her Story AT&T Announces DirecTV Now Launch Event Roundabout Preps HDR With Sony BVM-X300 Blackmagic Video Assist Gets Update Routing Embraces 12G, IP House Passes Potential FCC Regulation-Blocking Bill News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Wrangler®, George Strait Concert Live Stream Generates More Than 14 Million Impressions GREENSBORO, N.C.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wrangler teamed up with country music icon George Strait to bring fans his first-ever live-streamed performance from Texas’ historic Gruene Hall when he returned to the storied stage Wednesday night for the first time in 34 years. Country music fans tuned in to WranglerNetwork.com from all around the world covering 42 countries and generating more than 14 million media impressions, surpassing the platform’s previous viewership records. The momentous show was in celebration of Strait’s impressive three-disc, 56-track collection, Strait Out of the Box: Part 2, available today, exclusively at Walmart and Walmart.com. In addition to the online crowd and the invitation-only audience inside the 138-year-old dance hall, scores of fans surrounded the hall’s open-air perimeter to catch a glimpse of the 28-song set. A lucky few – including fellow Universal Music Group Nashville recording artist Jon Pardi and Texas recording artists and friends of Wrangler Casey Donahew and Aaron Watson – watched from inside the intimate venue. Gruene Hall has not only served as a starting point for Strait’s career, but was also featured on the album covers for Strait’s 2009 Twang album along with his 1981 debut album, Strait Country. “This was an event we may never again see in the history of music,” said Craig Errington, vice president of marketing, Wrangler. “We’re honored to be able to bring such a monumental moment involving the King of Country Music to hundreds of thousands of fans through the Wrangler Network.” This event kicked off an innovative music content agreement between Wrangler and Universal Music Group Nashville (UMGN) promising viewers curated content available exclusively through Wrangler Network. Production is slated to include acoustic performances from top UMG Nashville artists and lifestyle vignettes featuring both legendary and rising talent. The Wrangler-George Strait relationship dates back to the 80s and has become one of the longest-running brand-artist partnerships in the history of country music. This week, Wrangler announced a seven-year extension to the pair’s licensing agreement for the signature Wrangler George Strait Cowboy Cut Collection, which will expand to include women’s styles in 2017. About Wrangler® Wrangler® apparel is available on Wrangler.com and nationwide in mass-market retailers like Walmart, specialty stores, including work apparel chains, farm & fleet, and western stores, as well as through online and catalog retailers. To find a retailer or for more information on the Wrangler family of products visit Wrangler.com or call 888.784.8571. About Wrangler Network Wrangler Network is the online and mobile destination for fans of the western lifestyle to access exclusive live video of country music, rodeo, and equestrian performances and events. Millions of people access WranglerNetwork.com or the Wrangler Network via its free mobile app to get the latest clips, news, photos and more. For more, visit the Wrangler Network at WranglerNetwork.com and download the mobile app, free of charge, for iPhone or Android. You can also find Wrangler Network content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and now Snapchat. Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Deadline Alert: Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Reminds Investors of the Upcoming November 21st Deadline in the Class Action Lawsuit Against MGT Capital Investments, Inc. Next Next post: Pacific Drilling publie un avis d’assemblée générale extraordinaire de ses actionnaires Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 53° Share Exploring a new frontier this holiday shopping season: Virtual reality By Hayley Tsukayama / The Washington Post Published: Friday, November 18th, 2016 at 4:53pm Updated: Saturday, November 19th, 2016 at 8:00am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........It is a sad truth for technology enthusiasts that it’s almost the end of 2016, and we still don’t have flying cars, a moon colony or fully functional robot butlers. But there is at least one sci-fi technology that is aiming to make a breakthrough into your living room: virtual reality. Companies big and small are betting that holiday shoppers will get the appeal of being able to pop on a headset and immerse their eyes and ears – and sometimes their hands and feet – in another world. Google, Sony, Samsung, Facebook and HTC are among the major manufacturers that have put virtual reality products, mostly for playing games, on the market in the past several months. And retailers such as Walmart and Best Buy are building the excitement by setting up demonstration areas in their stores so consumers can get a good feel for these unfamiliar devices. “For most people . . . this will be their first real opportunity to play with or experience virtual reality,” said Clifton Dawson, chief executive of the market research firm Greenlight VR. “What is really important here is the reaction we’ll see from consumers who walk in these stores and get educated about it for the first time.” Advertisement Continue reading That could make this holiday season a critical period for VR, which is trying to prove it’s not just a gimmick like some gaming trends before it. (Remember the Wii and the Kinect?) Research firm IDC estimates that consumers – particularly gamers – will snap up 9.6 million virtual reality headsets by the end of the year, spending about $2.6 billion. Gamers, Dawson said, are an obvious key market to watch but so are those looking to use the virtual reality headsets for a family purchase, to replace screen time spent together on the computer to share funny videos or websites, or watching television. Greg Hall, Walmart’s senior vice president for entertainment, said he expects that gaming will remain tech’s big draw in the near term – but people are “warming up” to virtual reality. “We like the growth,” he said. “We like VR and think it’s got some nice legs for us.” The full potential of the virtual reality market is still quite a few years away, analysts say. And, in a reversal of the timeline that characterized technologies such as desktops, laptops and cellphones, the appetite for virtual reality is expected to start with average people buying them for their own personal use before the devices break into the business world. Greenlight VR believes the trend will be driven by consumer adoption through 2019, but that applications for business – including education, training and telecommuting – will start to make up the lion’s share of the market after that. The company projects that VR will become a $36 billion industry within the next decade. — Given how early in the VR trend we are, there’s a surprising variety of virtual reality headsets on the market. They come in two main types: Some are self-contained and are used primarily for high-end video games; they allow you to step completely into the virtual world and interact with it. Others work only with your smartphone, and are better suited to passively viewing specially designed 360-degree photos and videos – a super-modern update of the 19th-century stereoscopes that used to show kids slides of the wider world. If you’re skeptical of virtual reality but are intrigued by more immersive digital experiences, you may want to consider one of the latter type – say the Google Cardboard viewer. It works with smartphones up to six inches high and costs just $15. Other manufacturers are selling cardboard viewers online for even less – some as little as $5. Advertisement Continue reading These are good stocking stuffers for those who want to dip a toe in the virtual reality world, or for families with lots of kids who all want their own viewers. (There’s a reason Google has marketed these heavily to classrooms.) News organizations and other outlets post photos and videos for Google Cardboard on social media, and there are also apps for Android and iOS that work with the viewer to send users on virtual trips around the world, for example, or put them on stage with Paul McCartney in concert. For a little more polish, you can step up to something like the Google Daydream View or the Samsung Gear VR, which still run off the smartphone but provide a higher-quality experience. The Daydream View, Google’s $79 cloth and plastic headset, also comes with a remote that will let you play and interact with some basic games. And it’s much more comfortable to use – it stays put on your head with a strap, so you don’t have to hold it up. The Samsung Gear VR is also powered by a smartphone, but it has to be a Galaxy smartphone – specifically, the Galaxy S6 and newer models. With a touch-sensitive control pad on the side of the goggles, the Gear VR is a better choice for light gaming and has a number of high-profile titles including “Minecraft.” At $99, it’s far pricier than a cardboard reader, but it’s a far better experience. — If you’re super-serious and want something that actually lets you interact with the digital world, there are essentially three headset models to choose from: the HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR and the Oculus Rift. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. Both the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift will require connection to a high-end personal computer to work properly – a computer that itself could cost users at least $1,000 to put together if they don’t have a VR-ready computer already. There are some hidden costs as well. The $799 HTC Vive, for example, does an amazing job of tricking your senses into believing that you’re in a digital world. You really feel as if you can interact with the virtual environment, and several clever software tricks mean that you don’t ever find yourself groping blind for a dropped game controller. One reason it’s so effective is it gives you a lot of in-world space in which to move, and a lot of sensors with which to track those movements. The downside? You have to give up a lot of real-world space: a suggested minimum of 5 feet by 6.5 feet. You’ll also have to find room to plug in seven pieces of equipment: the computer, monitor, headset, chargers and sensors. That’s fine for a man-cave, but not so much for a studio apartment. Advertisement Continue reading The $599 Rift doesn’t require as much space. In fact, some of its best experiences take place when you’re seated, which means it can be used in a normal office or living room. Its pair of hand controllers, called the Oculus Touch, also let you interact smoothly with the digital world, though they’re not always quite as sensitive – or easy to find when dropped – as those of the Vive. The Rift shines, however, in the overall quality of its software. As one of the first companies to raise mainstream awareness of virtual reality, Oculus took pains to minimize some of the more unpleasant side effects of moving through a VR world, with rock-solid tracking that should keep all but the most sensitive player from feeling too much motion sickness. Finally, Sony’s PlayStation VR has the advantage of working automatically with the PlayStation 4 and the newly released PlayStation 4 Pro. That means it doesn’t require an extra computer and runs off the game console that its target audience knows and probably already owns. Among these three high-end headsets, PlayStation VR is also the most comfortable to wear for long periods of time. And it’s just $400 – though you’ve already paid a few hundred for your PlayStation. If you really want to buy a VR headset but are still having trouble figuring out what works for you, don’t forget to compare each headset’s unique catalog of games first, to narrow down their options. Or you could take a year or two to think about it. While the hype machine is in full force right now, and consumers are responding, that doesn’t mean that failing to buy a VR headset this year will make you the lamest house on the block. Even VR evangelists don’t see the technology truly becoming mainstream for another couple of years, and that’s if all goes well. So if you postpone the decision, you may not be on the cutting edge this holiday season; but you may also save yourself some money and space if the analysts’ forecasts are wrong. holiday-tech Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Tech to augment retail shopping – Jan 26, 2014 How retail stores are using virtual reality to make shopping more fun – Apr 20, 2016 Mall of America is stepping up its digital game with virtual reality, robots – Nov 2, 2016 This physician is using virtual reality to treat patients with dementia – Nov 17, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 45° F Mostly Cloudy Wind E at 1 MPH Pressure 1024 MB Dewpoint 35° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Discounted Kmart in Craig liquidates memories, closes an era The tentative last day for the Kmart in Craig is Dec. 11, depending on the inventory being liquidated. It is one of more than 60 Kmart stores to be closed by Sears Holdings in December. Layaway, once the site where items were tucked away and saved for, now fills a space behind stacked shelving at the Kmart in Craig. Everything is discounted at the Kmart in Craig in advance of its tentative closing Dec. 11. Even the store fixtures can be bought at the Kmart in Craig, which is one of 60 stores nationwide to close in December. The tentative last day for the Kmart in Craig is Dec. 11, depending on the inventory being liquidated. It is one of more than 60 Kmart stores to be closed by Sears Holdings in December. By Rachel Sauer Saturday, November 19, 2016 Midway down the shelves of 50-percent-off perfume, below a box of something called Jovan Sex Appeal (price tagged at $16.99, so half of that would be a bargain $8.50) and Katy Perry’s Mad Potion ($30.99), was a narrow vertical box containing 1.75 ounces of Love’s Baby Soft. Love’s Baby Soft! How long has it been? Didn’t the box used to be pinker? Was it always this wash of watercolor blooms in a design style best called Early Tampon Box? Is innocence still sexier than you think? (Note to whoever is compiling the official list of most appalling advertising slogans ever: Please put that one at the top.) How long has it been? The price tag says $13.99, so half of that would be $6.99. Is nostalgia worth $7? So, yes, sitting outside Kmart in a nearly empty parking lot, a moment of disconnect. The last time this happened, it was the culmination of saved allowance dollars and several years away from a driver’s license. It’s a little strange to sit in the driver’s seat and hold a bottle of perfume that’s ... shaped how it is. Wow. This? Moving on. A spritz on the wrist and: Why did nobody ever say anything?? Did it always smell like this? Is this the actual aroma of middle school desperation? What was the appeal of cheap baby powder made entirely of chemicals? But before the wrecking ball of reality hits fragile memories, maybe that wasn’t the point. Maybe the point was the allowance money and the teen ‘zines carefully scrutinized and the pleaded-for ride to Kmart, because that’s obviously where you bought Love’s Baby Soft (especially since Woolworth’s and Montgomery Ward closed). What to do now, then, that the Kmart in Craig is closing? Where to get house coats with embroidered yokes and grandma’s-going-to-the-hospital slippers? Where to buy off-brand candy that’s more wax than chocolate, but so, so cheap? Where to get bike tires and high-mileage Pennzoil and Suave shampoo on a just-in-time payday? Yes, OK, there’s a Walmart just down the road, which probably contributed to Kmart’s demise, just get all that stuff there. Sure. One-stop shopping and a Big Mac for lunch. But on the way around the McDonald’s drive-through, glance back at the store that’s drooping and fading like a weeks-old carnation sagging against the side of the vase. Does it mean anything when a Kmart closes? The Craig store, which opened in autumn 1977 at the site that now houses Murdoch’s, is one of more than 60 nationwide that Sears Holdings will close in mid-December. The tentative last day for the Craig store is Dec. 11, but that depends on the inventory currently being liquidated. It’s cruel to admit this isn’t surprising, but it isn’t surprising. The last time Kmart showed an annual profit was 2010 and in 2015, sales were down 7.3 percent from the previous year, according to the Sears Holdings annual report, marking five straight years of losses. In 2002, the then-Kmart Corp. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for a listed $17 billion in assets. Pundits were unkind. “If Kmart went away tomorrow, the only people who would care are existing Kmart shoppers who don’t have access to a Target or Walmart,” Steven Roorda, an American Express retail analyst, told Reuters in 2002. Christina Oxley, executive director of the Craig Chamber of Commerce, was similarly pragmatic about the Craig store closing: “I think the community has seen this coming for several years. There’s sadness, but the biggest reaction was huh, I thought this would happen several years ago.” The problem, she said, is that Craig is paying the price for corporate decline. Craig, where there’s a sense of breath-holding and good grief, what’s next? Tri-State officials announced in September that Unit 1 of the Craig Station will be retired by 2025, and while they said there would be no accompanying job loss, it did nothing to bolster nerves already frayed by battered energy industries. While the Moffat County poverty rate is estimated at 11.2 percent, lower than the national rate of 13.5 percent and Colorado’s 12 percent, it doesn’t feel lower. U.S. Census Bureau estimates have Moffat County’s 2015 population down by more than 800 from the 13,795 of the 2010 census. Oxley said she hopes the Kmart closing won’t further contribute to population seep, “but when people don’t have options, that’s when they leave town. They feel like they might as well go shopping in Grand Junction, Silverthorne, Denver, so I feel that’s going to contribute to our leakage fairly significantly.” Craig Mayor Ray Beck said the Kmart closing is sad for the community, “but that gives us an opportunity for something else that might be on the horizon. Craig is open for business and just because we have one or two stores closing, it doesn’t mean that’s the end.” It’s the end for Kmart in Craig, though. Howard Riefs, director of corporate communications for Sears Holdings, declined requests to talk with anyone at the store and wrote this instead: “We are making the difficult, but necessary decision to close the Kmart store at 1198 W. Victory in Craig. It’s important for you to know that until then, the store will remain open for customers. The store began its liquidation sale on September 22. We have been strategically and aggressively evaluating our store space and productivity, and have accelerated the closing of unprofitable stores as previously announced. “We often hear from our members who are disappointed when we close a store, but our Shop Your Way membership platform, websites and mobile apps allow us to maintain these valued relationships long after a store closes its doors. As a result, we hope to retain a portion of the sales previously associated with this store by maintaining our relationships with the members who shopped this location.” He added that the number of employees being affected won’t be publicly released, but most of those employees are part-time or hourly. So. This is sad, not just for the employees, not just for the community, but for anyone who ever put something on layaway. Kmart has always occupied a unique spot in the retail landscape, almost from the time Sebastian S. Kresge — source of that K in the mart — opened his first store in Detroit in 1899 (the first actual Kmart opened in March 1962 in Garden City, Michigan). Kmart was long a place that smelled like stale popcorn, until the popcorn machines at the front of the store were removed, and some sort of unidentifiable rubber/plastic. Kmart smells like Kmart, and that includes whatever pinched pennies and frustration smell like. It was the place to put school clothes on layaway and pay $10 a week all summer until the end of August, back when school started at the end of August. It was the place kids didn’t want their clothes to be from, so they’d lie and say the clothes came from Mervyn’s. It seems that Kmart struggled to make itself the place people want to shop, instead of the place they had to shop, and sometimes it was! Sometimes 13-year-olds saved their babysitting money and made their way to Kmart before the winter dance to buy the Love’s Baby Soft or Polo or Exclamation! in which they would liberally douse themselves. Kmart, in its partnerships with Martha Stewart and Adam Levine (?), has wanted to be Target and not be Walmart, and somehow succeeded in being inconsistent parts of both. Target is the place the paycheck-to-paycheck wish they could afford to shop at exclusively, and Walmart is the everyday reality. And Kmart? It’s the place for sheets of the thread count “sandpaper” but which look super cute in a shabby-chic dorm room way. Its prices have been weirdly uncompetitive. As for the Kmart in Craig, the thing to do is visit on a recent Wednesday, when the perfume was marked 50 percent off and the words “pharmacy” and “garden center” were already ghosts on the exterior front wall, shadows of amoxicillin and cedar mulch no longer available. There were three acrylic Christmas sweaters, size XL and XXL, hanging crookedly on hangers and 60 percent off. There were boxes of Cocoa Puffs and a poignant display of 2017 calendars. The store is contracting and contracting, everything on sale and for sale, including the jewelry counters and dairy coolers. Say what you will about Kmart, about the usual chaos of boxes in the aisles and six-packs of white socks abandoned on you-assemble book cases and great aunts bent over shopping baskets with their forearms resting on the handles, but it boasts a quirky abundance when it’s not dying. It gave the world what would become punchlines: blue-light specials and “Attention, Kmart shoppers,” but what of that? It was exciting to hear those words over the tinny intercom, because it might actually be something good on sale! The transience and immediacy of that blue light, meant to convey a sense of treasure discovered, actually worked sometimes. Kmart, as a place with all the things you needed, occasionally offered up the things you didn’t know you wanted, like a plastic oyster offering up a paste pearl. You could wander the aisles and decide that honestly, in the right light, who could even tell that this cost $8? Kmart offered the ingredients for aspirational reality — not the Missoni-branded, Vogue-adjacent aspirations of Target, but the comfortable relatability of Good Housekeeping. Kmart’s dark roots have perpetually shown beneath the blonde, but never has a customer felt not chic enough to shop there. Not when there are Obama, Clinton and Trump chia heads for sale just inside the front doors. So with the Craig store closing, and on a recent weekday when store employees busily shelved and reshelved diminishing stock, the thing a sparse group of customers did was buy wrapping paper 25 percent off and Crayola crayons for double that discount. The cavernous space didn’t quite echo — Oxley said Sears Holdings owns the lease on the building for several more years but so far there have been no nibbles — but it was close. An emptying Kmart is all long, fluorescent lights and worn tile of a color best called “stained teeth.” The parking lot was vast. And the Love’s Baby Soft, after sitting with it out in that stretch of asphalt, beneath a garish yellow STORE CLOSING sign, gradually started to smell better, like middle-class proms and paycheck Fridays and a little something left over for a Snickers at the check-out. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Dietary Aide/wait Staff La Villa Grand Care Center is hiring for Must be at least 18 years of... Accounting, Tax Preparation And Consulting Growing CPA firm with long-term clients seeking professional staff with 3 to 5 ... Physical Therapist, Rn Hedis Medical Record Retrieval Coordinator, Rn Home Health - Ft, Pt Or Prn Rocky Mountain Health Plans is hiring for the following postions: Physica... It Support Specialist Trapper Mining Inc. is a leader in the mining industry, and has won top national... Registered Nurses Find Your Life'sWork at HopeWestImmediate Openings for... Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close Powell  featured Man indicted for robbery after assaulting employee during theft By Tom Smith Senior Staff Writer Updated 11 hrs ago 0 Powell  FLORENCE – A Colbert County man has been indicted after he was accused of trying to steal a power tool from a local business and assaulting an employee. James Edward Powell, 48, 110 Baker Lane, Tuscumbia, was indicted in October for third-degree robbery, which is a Class C felony and punishable by 1-10 years in prison if convicted. According to reports, the incident occurred July 10 at Wal-Mart on Cloverdale Road. Police said Powell is accused of taking an 18-volt impact power drill, a camouflage T-shirt and camouflage hat and then walking out of the building without paying for the items. Florence police detective Alex Guynn said when confronted by a store employee, Powell is accused of shoving the woman to the ground injuring her elbow and hip. He is out of jail on bond of $2,000. Powell has pleaded not guilty and waived his formal arraignment. The case has been placed on the February 2, 2016 criminal trial docket. Others indicted during the October session of the Lauderdale County grand jury include: • Christopher Matthew Scoggins, 31, 1677 Lawrence 140, Town Creek; first-degree theft of property. • Gary Walker Curtis, 51, 1356 Lauderdale 139, Florence; third-degree burglary, second-degree theft of property and third-degree theft of property. • Vernon Christopher Tingle, 46, 7250 Lauderdale 189, Florence; first-degree possession of a forged instrument and fourth-degree theft of property. • John Beaumont Jones, 31, 1019 Chicasaw Trial, Columbia, Tennessee; third-degree burglary, first-degree receiving stolen property, fourth-degree receiving stolen property and two counts of criminal possession of burglar tools. • Curtis Leroy Wickler, 31, 5835 Underwood Mountain Road, Tuscumbia; breaking and entering a motor vehicle, third-degree theft of property and fourth-degree theft of property. • Stacy Arlin Waldrep, 44, 25555 Alabama 195 Double Springs; third-degree forgery, fourth-degree theft of services and possession of a forged instrument. • Travis Ronnie Brinson, 21, 101 Fox Fire Drive, Florence; third-degree theft of property and possession of a forged instrument. • Jesse Dean Carroll, 23, 1541 Helton Drive, Apartment L-194, Florence; domestic violence strangulation/suffocation, domestic violence third-degree assault and domestic violence third-degree criminal mischief. • Brandon Michael Moore, 31, 1275 Hermitage Drive, Apartment 8B, Florence; possession of a forged instrument and fourth-degree theft of property. • Rachel Ellen Nunn, 30, 325 Simpson St., Florence; criminal use of a defense spray and public intoxication. • Lance Alan Delia, 47, 127 Fox Drive, Florence; theft of property. • Seth Alexander LePere, 24, 191 Autumn Drive, Killen; second-degree theft of property and third-degree possession of a forged instrument. • Raymond A. Appiarius, 37, 134 Lauderdale 235, Florence; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia and driving while license suspended. • J.B Rutland, 58, 303 Blake St., Sheffield; violation of the sex offender registration act. • Stephanie Jewel Franklin, 36, 413 C Cherry Hill Homes, Florence; chemical endangerment to a minor. • Justin Ross Bevis, 34, 519 S. O’Neal St., Florence; domestic violence strangulation/suffocation and domestic violence third-degree assault. • Dana R. Faires, 36, 14220 Alabama 157, Florence; first-degree possession of marijuana and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Timothy Brandon Hallman, 33, 285 Bluff Creek Trail, Phil Campbell; unlawful possession of a controlled substance. • Zachary Nolan Mitchell, 24, 3902 Avalon Ave., Florence; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia and second-degree possession of marijuana. • Laken Jeannette Dotson, 25, 1800 Lauderdale 432, Killen; unlawful possession of a controlled substance and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Dustin Alan Jones, 22, 209 S. Kirkman St., Florence; unlawful possession of a controlled substance and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Christopher Alan Kryston, 21, 329 Stanley Ave., Florence; unlawful possession of a controlled substance and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Timothy Lee Richardson, 24, 109 W. Ford Ave., Muscle Shoals; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, second-degree possession of marijuana, unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia and fourth-degree receiving stolen property. • Shelby Myers Hurd, 28, 312 W. Duncan Ave., Florence; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, public intoxication and second-degree promoting prison contraband. • Emily Richardson, 23, 413 Park Ave., Muscle Shoals; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia, fourth-degree receiving stolen property and second-degree possession of marijuana. • Anthony A. Scroggins, 41, 13774 Tiger Way, Athens; unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of a forged instrument. • Joshua Ryan Bailey, 32, 1103 Tyler Ave., Muscle Shoals; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, second-degree possession of marijuana and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Lynn L. Scroggins, 32, 13774 Tiger Way, Athens; unlawful possession of a controlled substance and criminal possession of a forged substance. • Stephanie Denise Mattox, 38, 107 Enterprise St., Florence; unlawful possession of a controlled substance and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Joseph Leonard Canerday, 38, 3833 Alabama 64, Lexington; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia and second-degree possession of marijuana. • William T. Cole, 45, 565 Bibb Lane, Brent; second-degree theft of property and fraudulent use of a credit card. •  Daisy Ann Green, 35, 2000 Lauderdale 346, Florence; unlawful possession of a controlled substance and second-degree possession of marijuana. • Jesse Marion Price, 32, 24655 Lauderdale 8, Florence; unlawful distribution of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of a controlled substance, second-degree possession of marijuana and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Tommy Ray Bates Jr., 30, 25584 Lauderdale 8, Florence; unlawful distribution of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of a controlled substance, second-degree possession of marijuana and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. • Christopher Wayne Kilpatrick, 42, 432 Sky Park Road, Florence; second-degree possession of a forged instrument, two counts of breaking and entering a motor vehicle, two counts second-degree theft of property and two counts of fourth-degree theft of property. tom.smith@timesdaily.com or 256-740-5757. Twitter @TD_TomSmith. Powell  × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Time of Giving Pedestrian killed in Saturday hit and run Law and Order 11-19-16 Photo Package -- Students get history lesson Tennis study is discussed Tennis complex talks are back Turtle Farm fundraiser Saturday benefits CASA Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Do you like to do puzzles? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2016 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Top Science Stories This Week Posted: Nov 19 2016, 10:53pm CST | by Hira Bashir, Updated: Nov 19 2016, 10:58pm CST, in News | Latest Science News   The distant star is the roundest object ever spotted in universe. Credit: Mark A. Garlick   Roundest Object in the Universe Discovered  How To: Find Pokemon Go Plus In Stock Astronomers have just discovered the roundest object ever seen in the universe. It is a distant star that is some 5,000 light years away from the Earth and is astonishingly rounded. To put it in perspective, the star is more sphere than Sun, which is the roundest natural object ever precisely measured. The newfound star, named Kepler 11145123, shows a difference of only 3 kilometers between its poles and equator. The Sun has a radius at equator that is 10 km larger than at the poles. The Earth is more flatter at the poles than sun with the difference of 21 km.  The distant star is more than twice the size of the sun and rotates three times more slowly than our closest neighboring star. Pluto has a subsurface Ocean Beneath its Heart-Shaped Region Pluto’s heart-shaped region harbors a cold, icy ocean underneath its surface. According to the data from NASA’s New Horizons mission, dwarf planet’s heart shaped region known as Tombaugh Regio is hiding a subsurface ocean which is covered in water ice.  The presence of a subsurface ocean may also solve the longstanding mystery of the unusual tilt of Pluto’s most prominent surface feature which is aligned almost exactly opposite to the dwarf planet’s moon Charon. The thick, heavy ocean is likely the reason behind Pluto and its moon Charon’s gravitational tug of war. NASA’s Peggy Whitson Becomes the Oldest Woman Astronaut American astronaut Peggy Whitson has become the oldest women to send into the space. The 56-year old astronaut arrived at the International Space Station on Saturday alongside French astronaut Thomas Pesquet and Russian cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy. All three were carried by a Russian Soyuz capsule and have joined three astronauts already on board ISS.  Whitson already holds the record for most time spent in space by a woman with 377 days. On her latest trip, she is set to break the record for most time in space by any male and female American astronaut with surpassing 534 days record held by Jeff Williams. Over the course of next six months, Whitson will celebrate her 57th birthday while in the orbit and also become the first woman to command the orbital complex twice in her career. The Dinosaur-Killing Asteroid Turned Earth Inside Out After analyzing the crater from the asteroid impact that wiped out almost 75 percent of all life on Earth including dinosaurs, researchers are now able to study the dynamics of the impact in more detail.   Almost 66 million years ago, a huge asteroid slammed into the Earth and created a massive crater in the process. The crater is known as Chicxulub. In an effort to better understand that crater, researchers have drilled down into the part of crater as deep as 4380 feet under the seafloor. When researcher carried out the analysis of the samples, they found that the impact has deformed rocks in a way that may generate habitats for early life. Mercury is Shrinking, Great Valley Found on Planet Indicates Astronomers have discovered a large valley on Mercury that provides further evidence for the existing theory of planet's shrinkage. The valley is about 250 miles wide, 600 miles long and 2 miles deep. If Mercury's "great valley" existed on Earth, it would stretch from Washington DC to New York to Detroit and would be almost twice as deep as the Grand Canyon.  Researchers believe as the planet cooled and shrank roughly 3-4 billion years ago, Mercury's surfaces folded to form the valley, much like the skin of a grape which folds and dries to become a raisin. The finding further supports the theory that Mercury is shrinking.  You May Like The Author Hira Bashir Hira Bashir covers daily affairs around the world.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 4 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 8 hours ago NASA Launches Next Generation Weather Satellite 9 hours ago Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 32 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Latest Science News Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 4 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 8 hours ago More Latest Science News Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 32 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This Why Warren Buffett Is Selling Wal-Mart Stores? Warren Buffett is steadily unloading a massive position in Wal-Mart shares, and a big reason for his decision may be the ongoing shift to online shopping. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Nov 19, 2016 at 7:21AM Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) has been a staple holding in Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-B)(NYSE:BRK-A) portfolio for years, but the Oracle of Omaha has soured on Wal-Mart's stock this year, and a new report from the U.S. Census Bureau showing that consumers continue to embrace e-commerce may mean that there's a good chance that Wal-Mart's completely out of Berkshire's portfolio by the end of this year.  IMAGE SOURCE: WAL-MART STORES. What's up? Wal-Mart may be a retail store Goliath, but it's far from the biggest online retailer, and that's a big problem for the company's future growth.. Wal-Mart's sales barely budged in the third quarter, increasing by a only a modest 0.5% from the third quarter of 2015. Meanwhile, consumers ongoing shift to online shopping propelled sales at online giant Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) 29% higher when compared to a year ago. According to the Census Bureau, that trend away from retail stores to online stores isn't losing steam. In Q3, U.S. retail e-commerce sales, adjusted for seasonal variation but not for price changes, grew 4% quarter over quarter to $101.3 billion. That handily outpaced the 0.9% quarter-over-quarter increase in total retail sales in the period, but the gap between the two is even wider when considering the year-over-year change. Compared to Q3 2015, adjusted e-commerce sales grew 15.7% last quarter, while total retail sales only grew 2.2%. Overall, the rapid growth in online purchases has led to e-commerce sales now accounting for 8.4% of total sales, up from 7.4% of sales a year ago. Growth in online shopping has been a boon to Wal-Mart competitors, especially Amazon. Online retailers have more inventory and marketing flexibility, and they also have cost advantages that help them compete better for wallet share. Trailing-12-month SG&A as a percentage of sales is more than 1% lower at Amazon than it is at Wal-Mart, and Amazon's gross profit margin is nearly 10% better than Wal-Mart's. AMZN gross profit margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Given that it's most likely that more consumer spending will migrate away from traditional stores to the internet, it's little wonder that investors like Buffett might be worrying more about Wal-Mart's future sales and profit headwinds. A tough competitor Earlier this year, Buffett praised Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, calling him a "genius." And at Berkshire Hathaway's annual investor event in Omaha, Buffett remarked, "We're not going to out-Bezos Bezos." In the past, Buffett was slow to embrace the use of the internet to boost sales at Berkshire Hathaway's wholly owned companies. However, that's recently been changing, and as he sees the sales tailwinds at his companies from his online initiatives, it may be factoring into his increasing admiration of Bezos, and his declining interest in owning bricks-and-mortar companies like Wal-Mart. It's probably not lost on Buffett that Amazon has been a much better investment than Wal-Mart over the years, either. Under Bezos' leadership, Amazon's trailing-12-month revenue has surged to $128 billion since 1994, and that's resulted in astonishing returns for long-term investors. Over the past 15 years, Amazon's 34%-per-year average return crushes the average 12.9% return for the specialty retail industry, and it absolutely demolishes Wal-Mart's 3.2% annual return over the period. Since Bezos doesn't appear ready to quit anytime soon, and e-commerce still represents less than 10% of total retail spending, it seems Wal-Mart's going to have its hands full for a long time if its going to attempt to keep Amazon at bay. Looking forward Buffett's sold tens of millions of shares in Wal-Mart this year, but he still has 12.9 million shares left in Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio. With Wal-Mart shares up 19% this year, he appears to see this as a great opportunity to "sell high" a business that could face increasingly more downside profit pressure in the coming years. Whether Buffett does sell his remaining Wal-Mart shares this year won't be known until early next year, when Berkshire Hathaway files its fourth-quarter 13F report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. But given his admiration for Bezos and his selling of 27.2 million Wal-Mart shares last quarter, I will not be surprised if Wal-Mart disappears from Berkshire's list of holdings.  Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Todd owns E.B. Capital Markets, LLC. E.B. Capital's clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. Like this article? Follow him on Twitter where he goes by the handle @ebcapital to see more articles like this. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 7:21AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.54 down $0.65 (-0.94%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $760.16 up $3.76 (0.50%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,391.00 down $-1,159.00 (-0.49%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $157.75 down $0.64 (-0.40%) Read More Why Amazon Owns Digital Reading, but Can't Kill the Physical Book What Will Amazon Do With 2,000 Grocery Stores? Amazon.com, Inc.'s CFO Gives a Crash Course on Spending Huge Sums of Money This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 Can Amazon.com Conquer China With Prime? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Is This Why Warren Buffett Is Selling Wal-Mart Stores? Fox News Fox Business News Is This Why Warren Buffett Is Selling Wal-Mart Stores? By Todd Campbell - November 19, 2016 61 Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE: WMT) has been a staple holding in Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-B)(NYSE: BRK-A) portfolio for years, but the Oracle of Omaha has soured on Wal-Mart’s stock this year, and a new report from the U.S. Census Bureau showing that consumers continue to embrace e-commerce may mean that there’s a good chance that Wal-Mart’s completely out of Berkshire’s portfolio by the end of this year. Continue Reading Below IMAGE SOURCE: WAL-MART STORES. What’s up? Wal-Mart may be a retail store Goliath, but it’s far from the biggest online retailer, and that’s a big problem for the company’s future growth.. More From Fool.com Wal-Mart’s sales barely budged in the third quarter, increasing by a only a modest 0.5% from the third quarter of 2015. Meanwhile, consumers ongoing shift to online shopping propelled sales at online giantAmazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN)29% higher when compared to a year ago. According to the Census Bureau, that trend away from retail stores to online stores isn’t losing steam. In Q3,U.S. retail e-commerce sales, adjusted for seasonal variation but not for price changes, grew 4% quarter over quarter to $101.3 billion. That handily outpaced the 0.9% quarter-over-quarter increase in total retail sales in the period, but the gap between the two is even wider when considering the year-over-year change. Compared to Q3 2015, adjusted e-commerce sales grew 15.7% last quarter, while total retail sales only grew 2.2%. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Overall, the rapid growth in online purchases has led toe-commerce sales now accounting for 8.4% of total sales, up from 7.4% of sales a year ago. Growth in online shopping has been a boon to Wal-Mart competitors, especially Amazon. Online retailers have more inventory and marketing flexibility, and they also have cost advantages that help them compete better for wallet share.Trailing-12-month SG&A as a percentage of sales is more than 1% lower at Amazon than it is at Wal-Mart, and Amazon’s gross profit margin is nearly 10% better than Wal-Mart’s. AMZN gross profit margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Given that it’s most likely that more consumer spending will migrate away from traditional stores to the internet, it’s little wonder that investors like Buffett might be worrying more about Wal-Mart’s future sales and profit headwinds. A tough competitor Earlier this year, Buffett praised Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, calling him a “genius.” And at Berkshire Hathaway’s annual investor event in Omaha, Buffett remarked, “We’re not going to out-Bezos Bezos.” In the past, Buffett was slow to embrace the use of the internet to boost sales atBerkshire Hathaway’s wholly owned companies. However, that’s recently been changing, and as he sees the sales tailwinds at his companies from his online initiatives, it may be factoring into hisincreasing admiration of Bezos, and his declining interest in owning bricks-and-mortar companies like Wal-Mart. It’s probably not lost on Buffett that Amazon has been a much better investment than Wal-Mart over the years, either. Under Bezos’ leadership,Amazon’s trailing-12-month revenue has surged to $128 billion since 1994, and that’s resulted in astonishing returns for long-term investors. Over the past 15 years, Amazon’s 34%-per-year average return crushes the average 12.9% return for the specialty retail industry, and it absolutely demolishes Wal-Mart’s 3.2% annual return over the period. Since Bezos doesn’t appear ready to quit anytime soon, and e-commerce still represents less than 10% of total retail spending, it seems Wal-Mart’s going to have its hands full for a long time if its going to attempt to keep Amazon at bay. Looking forward Buffett’s sold tens of millions of shares in Wal-Mart this year, but he still has 12.9 million shares left in Berkshire Hathaway’s portfolio. With Wal-Mart shares up 19% this year, he appears to see this as a great opportunity to “sell high” a business that could face increasingly more downside profit pressure in the coming years. Whether Buffett does sell his remaining Wal-Mart shares this year won’t be known until early next year, when Berkshire Hathaway files its fourth-quarter 13F report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. But given his admiration for Bezos and his selling of 27.2 million Wal-Mart shares last quarter, I will not be surprised if Wal-Mart disappears from Berkshire’s list of holdings. Forget the 2016 Election: 10 stocks we like better than Amazon.com Donald Trump was just elected president, and volatility is up. But here’s why you should ignore the election: Investing geniuses Tom and David Gardner have spent a long time beating the market no matter who’s in the White House. In fact, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Amazon.com wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned.Todd owns E.B. Capital Markets, LLC. E.B. Capital’s clients may have positions in the companies mentioned.Like this article? Follow him onTwitter where he goes by the handle@ebcapitalto see more articles like this. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleWhat more to discuss? For Obama and world leaders it&#039;s Trump Next articleReady for Medicare? Not Until You Read This Todd Campbell RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Tesla? 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know How Close Is Facebook to Monetizing Messenger and WhatsApp? What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. A Texas doctor seeks ID, closure for migrants who die crossing the border from Mexico The Washington Post 16 hrs ago Monica Hesse, Ricky Carioti © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post REJUVENATION OF LIFE: Corinne Stern combats the weariness of her job by spending time with the animals she raises on her ranch. “I surround myself with life all the time,” she says. “It’s the only way.” LAREDO, Tex. — The man had been found two nights before on the brushland of a South Texas ranch, miles from the nearest sign of civilization, which was the back of a Walmart. The Border Patrol agent who spotted him didn’t know how long the young man had been walking before he collapsed and died, and neither did Corinne Stern, the Webb County medical examiner on whose autopsy table he now lay. He’d been carrying a backpack. The backpack would be how Stern began to piece together who the man was and how she could send him back to his family, and so, early on a Sunday morning, her assistant lined up its contents, item by item. A bottle of water, mostly empty. A cellphone, protected by a passcode. A wallet, which meant nothing: Sometimes the people who entered the country by swimming and hiking across its border did so while carrying other people’s identification. A bag of corn chips, a can of tuna fish, a crumpled receipt. On his compact body, denim pants and a dark shirt. “It looks like he did a money exchange on October 4th,” Stern said to the assistant, Gilberto Ramos, as she examined the receipt. “For $140.” She scanned the man’s clothing. “The shoes are pretty generic; we won’t be able to use them. What brand were his jeans?” “Levi,” Ramos said. “Size?” “35x30.” “A lot of his belongings come from the U.S., so chances are this might not have been his first time trying to cross,” Stern said, and then they were interrupted by the sound of a ringing telephone. Ramos looked toward the landline, but it was silent. “Is that my cell?” Stern asked him. It wasn’t. “Is it yours?” she asked. Ramos shook his head. They both looked toward the sound and the counter that held the backpack, where the dead man’s phone was ringing. *** © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post AN ENDING AND A BEGINNING: A sheriff’s deputy stands over a body found by a ranch hand as he inspected fencing in Laredo. The remains next go to the Webb County medical examiner’s office, where fingerprints, DNA testing and other techniques are used to identify the border crosser. Laredo. This was a sprawling city of a quarter-million people, with an old downtown and new shopping plazas, old casitas and new McMansions — a city whose western boundary was formed by the Mexican border, which was currently protected by turnstiles on a chaotic highway, and which Donald Trump had insisted should instead be protected by a wall. Laredo was where Stern had arrived a decade before to become the county’s medical examiner, and where her offices were located at the end of a dusty, unmarked road. Once a month, she gathered her staff for a meeting to discuss the issue that took up more than a third of their time: identifying the people who died trying to cross the border into the United States and sending their remains home. It was her belief that burial was the way to honor that a person had existed. “That he had walked on this Earth,” she sometimes said. Burial was the acknowledgment of universal human dignity, she believed, and the physical location of a family’s grief. “Okay, let’s start,” she said at October’s meeting, a few days before her Sunday morning autopsy. Stern crossed one cowboy-booted foot over the other and turned to the first page in a packet labeled “Decedent List As Of October 7, 2016.” It was divided into categories: whether the decedents were now in the morgue in her office or at the forensic anthropologist’s office; whether the remains had been intact or skeletal. It was six pages, single-spaced. It was too long and, despite Stern having devised strategies that gave her an identification success rate of about 75 percent, it never seemed to get any shorter. Immigration had become a flash point of the presidential election, a flurry of numbers with consequences often in dispute. In fiscal 2015, by the Department of Homeland Security’s count, about 331,000 people had been apprehended as they tried to cross the U.S.-Mexico border, a drop-off from the year before. In the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, Border Patrol agents had apprehended nearly 409,000. Many were released to await hearings for asylum, which can take months or years. Stern, 50, didn’t consider herself to be a political person, and her job was not to think about the thousands of people who crossed every year in search of new beginnings. Her job was to think about the people who didn’t make it, who drowned in rivers or dropped to the ground from dehydration or from the temperatures that soared past 110 degrees. Her job was to think about endings. © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post A VOICE FOR THE DEAD: Corinne Stern, Webb County’s chief medical examiner, thinks of the people who cross her autopsy table as silent patients who need her help to reach a final destination. Here, she and autopsy technician Mateo Arredondo examine the skeletal remains of a border crosser. Last year, the total number of border crossers who died and arrived in her office had been 105 — more than any other jurisdiction from Texas to the Pacific Ocean. This year, her office had reached that number by the first day in October. The tally for the calendar year was written on the whiteboard in her autopsy room: “Crossers: 105,” in red marker. Stern knew it was only a matter of time before she received the call telling her that someone had found border crosser 106. “Last year was busy, this year was worse,” she’d been telling people throughout the week. She hadn’t taken a vacation in half a decade; a couple of years ago, she’d finally petitioned the county commissioners to let her cash out 169 hours of leave time she knew she’d never use. Just this week, she had tried to take a day of rest for Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. She’d celebrated by phoning her grown son, who had recently moved to Israel, but ended up back at her desk before the day was through. “What’s the status here?” she asked at the staff meeting, pulling her red hair into a ponytail and pointing to a few case numbers on the list of decedents. A staff member explained that the remains, sent for DNA testing to a forensic anthropologist at the University of North Texas, had been identified but not yet sent back to the crossers’ home countries. “He’s ID’d, so he doesn’t need to be sitting around on an anthropologist’s table,” Stern said. “He needs to be buried.” “But once they’re at that office — ” a member of her staff began. “They need to be buried,” Stern interrupted. “Well,” the staffer started. “Even if they’re getting an indigent burial. I don’t want them sitting on a shelf somewhere. They need to be buried,” she said. *** © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post CLUES TO A LIFE: Border crossers are sometimes found with wallets and passports, other times with only phone numbers on scraps of paper, or nothing at all. An autopsy technician tries to decipher a love letter, written in English, found in one man’s pocket. Only the last line was legible: “I can’t wait for you to hold me again.” The most recent crosser, 105, had been found in Maverick County, no ID, no fingerprint match, and his DNA had been sent for testing. The 104th crosser was identified quickly: a 41-year-old from Mexico whose family was working with the consulate to bring home his remains. The 103 crossers who had come before them had their own sad endings or non-endings. There was a man whose entire family lived in North Carolina, who had been trying to travel to join them, and instead of a welcome party they ended up having a funeral with an urn of ashes. There was another man who was found with nothing but a roll of U.S. bills, all $100s, and a love letter in English that was too decomposed to read much of except for the last line, “I can’t wait for you to hold me again.” Stern had learned to gently slice open the denim pockets of border crossers’ jeans, easing out waterlogged scraps of paper without tearing them: Sometimes people were identified based on scrawled phone numbers. She had learned to X-ray every patient who came in, searching for steel plates or oddly set bones, or other anomalies that could be compared to X-rays of missing people. She had seen crossers come in with not a single identifying characteristic, and when she looked at them, she thought, “What is the population of the entire world?” because those were the odds she was dealing with: The person on her table was one of 7 billion people, and by the grace of fate that person was now lying before her and not a single one of their loved ones knew it yet. She had far too many opportunities to reflect on this, because over the past several years, Stern had taken over the work for nine surrounding counties, a total area of 17,000 square miles. Earlier in the week, an officer from the Honduran Consulate had brought a pile of manila folders — her own never-ending list — to Stern’s office to see whether any outstanding missing-persons cases matched people the doctor had recently identified. The consul, Lilian Gomez, held up a picture of a young, dark-haired woman. “Her brother is calling us every week to ask if you have the DNA results.” The brother had seen a picture of a body on a Facebook page that aimed to identify missing migrants and become convinced the dead woman was his sister. “It’s not her,” Stern said, comparing the two pictures. She sighed and shook her head. “This person is much older. The nose is different. The ears are different. One has curly hair and one has straight.” Stern knew the two photos didn’t match, and she also knew that grief did funny things to people’s minds. They moved on to another case, and another. After two hours, Gomez picked up the last folder and stared at it for a moment. “This one — this one I don’t know what to do with,” she said. “We still have him here?” asked Stern. “Yes.” Gomez explained: The case had dragged on for months. A crosser brought to Stern’s office matched the description of a missing Honduran man. The dental records showed a match, but the family wanted more proof. Stern brought in a forensic dentist who told them the match was beyond question. The family still didn’t believe their son could be dead, and so they were refusing to claim his remains. “I am a Christian, I do believe in spiritual things,” Gomez said. “But the family called a lady in California.” “A psychic?” Stern asked. “They called a psychic. She tells them, your son is still alive. He is working on a ranch with 20 other people.” Stern shook her head. “But if that was the case, why wouldn’t he call them?” “Yes, exactly,” Gomez said. Stern told Gomez that she wanted to be able to send him home. But she understood that hope also did funny things to people. In the face of relentless sadness, a family might choose to believe something that went against the facts of the situation. They talked about giving the family more time. “I can give them closure,” she said to Gomez, finally. “But I take away their hope.” *** The office had been filled with a sense of relief at the beginning of the week; during slow periods, the staff could finally catch up on paperwork. That turned into anxious anticipation toward the end, and one of the assistants had taken to whispering, “They found a crosser?” every time the phone rang. Late Friday, a county worker dropped by just before closing and asked whether the week had been hectic. “Just so you know, our number this year is 105 and our numbers, total, last year were 105,” Stern answered. “And last year between October 1st and December, there were 25 crossers. This year it’s been really hot. We’re going to get to 106.” Stern got in her white truck and drove home to the ranch where she lived alone — a red barn house with stables where she kept goats and horses. She checked in on her pregnant mare, and she fed her dogs, and she stopped to pet her favorite goat, which had recently given birth at the advanced age of 13. Texas was her home, and living on a ranch, with nothing to interfere with the dark, starry skies, felt right to her. She’d grown up in the state, the daughter of a World War II hero, and while she’d tried living other places after medical school, she knew she wanted to come back to Texas and she knew she wanted to be a medical examiner. It was her father’s idea. He’d become a psychiatrist, spending 25 years working at veterans hospitals and easing serviceman after serviceman through the horrors of post-traumatic stress disorder. She’d wanted to do what he did, but when she told him that as a young girl, he said, in his frank way, “I don’t think you’d be a good psychiatrist. I think you would be a good forensic pathologist.” She didn’t ask him why, but she sensed that maybe he wanted to spare her the pain that could sometimes accompany working with the living. © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post MISSION WORK: Corinne Stern, who has been Webb County’s chief medical examiner for about a decade, views her work as a calling. “Once you lose compassion, you don’t need to be in this field,” she says. “It has to be something that’s a part of you.” The nanny goat’s kid was stillborn. Stern had helped ease it out of its mother’s womb already knowing it was too late. And then the mother had lain there, unmoving, and Stern thought she would lose her, too. But hours later, she looked down and saw another pair of tiny hoofs emerging from the birth canal. Twins. Stern replayed that moment over and over, believing that surrounding herself by life was the only way to balance the fact that she was so often surrounded by death. She finished up her evening chores and headed to a nearby ranch, where a family she knew had invited people over to watch a goat-roping competition. “Daddy, it’s the doctor!” a small girl called to her father as soon as Stern arrived. Everyone recognized the doctor. People in the city had gotten used to seeing her on television whenever there was a high-profile case, like a sensational murder, and they knew that if you were missing somebody you loved, then her office would try to help you find them. And there weren’t many Jewish women in Laredo — Stern was the only person she knew who kept kosher. “Mirabeli! I brought some treats for you,” Stern said as the little girl climbed into her lap, and she handed her a paper bag filled with Chex Mix and Tostitos. “C’mon, you can get him!” Stern yelled, making sure to cheer on the youngest, smallest boys in their sturdy jeans, trying their slender lassoes on the agitated goats. Just as she was beginning to relax for the weekend, her cellphone vibrated in her pocket. “Hey, Jesse, what have you got?” she asked. She listened while a colleague from Brooks County described a situation and then immediately dialed Francisco Gonzalez, her office’s investigator on duty that weekend. “Jesse’s bringing in a crosser from Brooks County,” she told Gonzalez over the phone. She told him to go straight to the office to meet the car carrying the crosser and said she would be in first thing Sunday morning to perform an autopsy. A man had been found in jeans and a backpack on a ranch behind a Walmart, and crosser 106 had arrived. *** © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post A SAD HOMECOMING: After the remains of border crossers are identified, they can be sent home. Here, a family in North Carolina holds a prayer service for their loved one, who had been deported to Mexico and was trying to rejoin them in the United States. Letizia Sebastian and Enoc David Vásquez Valverde were both barely 20 when they met. He’d come to Oaxaca from a small, poor town on the western Mexican coast and gotten a job at the animal feed store where Letizia was working, and she thought he seemed humble and had kind eyes. They married at the courthouse, they moved into her family’s crowded house because they couldn’t afford their own place, and they had a baby girl, whom they named Zoe and dressed in pink. The baby changed things. Enoc, now 21, wanted more for his daughter and more for their family. The couple wanted to move into their own apartment, but there was never enough work, paying never enough money. As 2016 passed, he started telling Letizia that he had friends in the United States who could help him find a job there. Finally, one day in late September she went with him to the bus station where he told her not to worry, that he was going to find them a better way of life. The bus took him to Monterrey, a city in northern Mexico. He called her from there saying that he was staying in a hotel with some people he’d met; they would be there for four or five days until the coyote they had hired to guide them through the border said the conditions were right. A few days later they were, and at 6 p.m. on Oct. 6, Enoc sent a text telling her that tonight was the night they would cross. Because they didn’t want to be detected, nobody in the group would be making any phone calls while they navigated the desert to the United States, he told her. The next time Letizia would hear from him, he said, would be when he’d reached the other side. *** © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post THE UNENDING JOURNEY: They come by raft and by foot, families and individuals from Central American countries crossing the Rio Grande into Texas. After a drop-off in 2015, the number of migrants apprehended crossing the U.S. border rose to more than 400,000 in the year ended Sept. 30. Many of those detained are asking for some type of asylum and are released from detention after a few days. Less than 24 hours after Stern had received the call about crosser 106, she received two more. Crosser 107: skeletal remains, also found in Brooks County, possibly requiring DNA analysis to be identified. Crosser 108: a man found floating facedown in the Rio Grande. Less than 24 hours, and there were three more people added to her list, and three more families lacking endings. The final one, 108, was in Webb County, Stern’s county, meaning that not only would she be responsible for his autopsy but she would also be responsible for retrieving his remains. On Saturday evening, she put on her scrubs and her tallest waterproof boots and drove past a mobile home park and a cluster of palm trees to an access point on the Rio Grande, where Mexico looked so close. “Who usually picks up the body?” the Border Patrol agent asked when she got out of her truck and made her way down the steep riverbank. “If it’s in the water, I’ll get in and do it myself,” she said. “We can’t assist,” he warned her. “I know you can’t. I’ll do it.” She got in the Border Patrol boat and told the investigator who had accompanied her to wait on the banks and to ready a body bag. The man was bloated. He had begun to decompose. Stern and Gonzalez, her investigator, maneuvered the man into the body bag that had been donated in a grant by the governor’s office because the problem of dead border crossers had reached a state of urgency. Stern and Francisco each took two of the handles on the bag. They started carrying it up the steep riverbank. Their feet slipped. Their boots filled with mud. They started up again. They made sure not to let the bag touch the ground. They passed the bag containing the man who died in the river between the layers of barbed wire fence that protected the riverbank. They put him in their van. “I’ll see you tomorrow,” Stern said to Gonzalez, and tomorrow came, and Stern was again at her table. © Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post A PAUPER’S BURIAL: The Webb County medical examiner’s office has an identification success rate of about 75 percent, but when the deceased cannot be identified, they are eventually buried in the pauper section of Laredo’s City Cemetery. Here, a burial site’s marker reads “John Doe.” Now it was a little after 9 o’clock on a Sunday morning. Crosser 106, the man who had been found behind the Walmart, was lying on her table. He was young, she could tell that. His face was round. His eyes were closed, and he looked as if he could have been asleep. His phone was ringing. Stern looked at it. She hesitated. “The problem is that neither of us speaks Spanish well enough to talk with the family,” she said to Ramos, her assistant. The phone stopped, and Stern went back to work, but a few minutes later it rang again. She paused for just a moment before walking quickly over to the phone. “Hello?” she said. “¿Hola? ¿Habla inglés?” On the other end, she heard a flurry of words in Spanish. “Do you have anyone there who habla inglés?” she asked. “Hello?” She gave up and pressed the end-call button, but the phone immediately rang again. “Hello?” she said. “No hablo español bueno. Can you call back in 20 minutes? ¿Veinte minutos?” She hung up again. “I think that was his wife,” she told Ramos quietly. She didn’t know whether the woman had understood her, but Gonzales, who was fluent in Spanish, was scheduled to start his shift in 20 minutes. The phone rang again. She didn’t pick up. Five minutes later it rang again. Two minutes after that it rang again. “She keeps calling back,” Stern said. “She keeps trying.” Now the phone was ringing unceasingly as Stern photographed crosser 106 — his face, his body, any identifying details — and prepared him for an autopsy. She already suspected the cause of death to be dehydration. The phone rang, Gonzalez arrived and Stern handed it to him. “Tell them you are with Dr. Stern in the medical examiner’s office,” she told him, coaching him quietly on the right thing to say. “Tell them we found this phone on the body of a person who was recovered on a ranch in Brooks County, and ask if they are missing a family member.” Several hundred miles away, the dead man’s parents sat in their home in Santo Domingo de Morelos, having just heard from their daughter-in-law that an English-speaking stranger had picked up their son’s phone. Gonzalez translated Stern’s message to them. He cupped his hand over the mouthpiece to relay the answer. “The man says he is missing his son.” Stern nodded. “Ask him when is the last time he saw his son.” Gonzalez asked. “He says a few days ago.” In the middle of the room, crosser 106 lay on the metal table. His clothing had been removed. He had been turned on his side. “Ask him if he can describe any tattoos his son has,” she told Gonzalez. “A scorpion,” Gonzalez responded. On the man’s back, a scorpion curved around his shoulder blade, with a name that looked as if it could belong to a wife or girlfriend. “With the name ‘Zoe,’ ” Gonzalez continued, listening to the father describe the tattoo on the other end. “Zoe is his little daughter.” Stern had asked the questions in careful order, not wanting to alarm someone unnecessarily. But now there was really only one more question to ask. She searched for the Mexican identification card that had been found with crosser 106. “Ask him what is his son’s name,” she said finally. “¿Como se llama su hijo?” Gonzalez asked. He turned to Stern and spoke slowly and clearly. “His son’s name is Enoc David Vásquez Valverde.” She looked down at the card. “Tell them that unfortunately, we have his son here,” she said. Gonzalez did. The father accepted the news quietly, but he could hear the mother sobbing in the background. Their son had been found, in the brushland, less than 24 hours after he had texted his wife that he was making the crossing. “Tell him the Mexican Consulate will call him,” Stern said, explaining that it was the consulate who would help figure out how to send their son’s remains back to them. Gonzalez hung up the phone. Stern finished her work, removed her gloves, began filling in papers. “Enoc David Vásquez Valverde,” she said, repeating the name Gonzalez had just given her, the one belonging to the man who had once been border crosser 106. She had an ending. It was a sad one, but it was an ending and it was the best she could do. Manuel Roig-Franzia in Washington contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home More in News Chancellor warns of 'eye-watering' Brexit debt Sky News Body of 14-year-old British cancer victim who wanted to be frozen is in £10 sleeping bag Daily Record At least 100 killed as train derails in India Sky News Petrol prices set to fall to less than £1 Mirror Europe’s leaders to force Britain into 'hard Brexit' The Guardian Chancellor set to spend £1.1bn on road and rail Sky News Up Next Ship evacuated off Dover as Storm Angus hits UK Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post Trump, Romney have ‘far-reaching conversation’ at meeting The Washington Post For Trump adviser, fiery populism followed life in elite circles The Washington Post Say goodbye to ‘Americanos’ in Putin’s Russia — at least for now The Washington Post Next secretary of state: Clone, crusader, statesman or clean slate? The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Body of Brit teen who won court battle to be cryogenically frozen is in £10 Walmart sleeping bag Daily Record 16 hrs ago Christopher Bucktin < PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 6 NEXT SLIDE > Credits: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror © Provided by Trinity Mirror Plc Suspended in a £10 Walmart sleeping bag while tied to a coffin-shaped board, this is the frozen tomb where Britain’s only ­cryogenic child now rests. The 14-year-old girl’s body is hung upside-down in temperatures of minus 196C while awaiting still-unknown ­techniques to bring her back to life. Before she died from cancer last month, the teenager was confident of her ­immortality and predicted to her uncle she would live again 200 years from now. Today is her 20th day inside her Cryostat – a huge human Thermos flask from which she hoped one day she will emerge and be cured of her cancer. The girl’s body was flown from Britain to the US and the Cryonics Institute in Clinton Township, Michigan, last month following a bitter legal battle between her divorced parents. The teenager’s corpse – referred to by the firm as “a patient” – is now suspended in liquid nitrogen. The company’s chief operating officer Andy Zawacki explained: “It is almost like they float once inside,” “We store up to six patients inside each Cryostat and they are suspended upside down on their boards. “Patients are wrapped in everyday normal sleeping bags, the kind you can buy at the local store. “They are nothing special but we have found they absorb liquid nitrogen very well and help preserve the body. “Each patient, while strapped to their board, is then hoisted above a Cryostat ­and we lower them in. “Their bodies are held by restraints while we leave a gap between their head and the end of the boards so they don’t touch the floor. “We have them upside-down for safety reasons so if there is a liquid nitrogen leak it will be the head that is protected most as that is at the bottom. “Effectively the bodies hang like modern mummies until we hope science will become so ­advanced they are brought back to life. “The aim is that by the time they are ­defrosted a cure will have been found for whatever killed them.” Before her death in a London hospital on October 17, her father, who the girl had not seen since 2007, was opposed to her plans to be frozen, while her mother was in support. The teen took her battle to the High Court to fight for the right for her mum to have sole control of her remains. Mr Justice Peter Jackson granted the girl, referred to as JS in proceedings, her wish 11 days before she died. Her father has since revealed how bitter and destructive the family rift had been while other family members suggested JS had been brainwashed into thinking she could cheat death. The dad was banned, in line with his daughter’s wishes, from seeing her or her body as he fought his own cancer battle. Unknown to him, at one point she was only a few floors away as the two were treated in the same London hospital. Without a legal ban, the father could make an application to visit his daughter’s body in the US. Mr Zawacki said: “Relatives are ­allowed to visit. With cryonics we hope it works but we don’t know, so it is possible this is their final resting place. For ­relatives, it is still a loss to them, they hope it is temporary but they do like to come in. One gentleman brings flowers each year for his sister.” Asked if they would specifically allow JS’s father into the facility, Mr Zawacki said: “We would be respectful of another country’s law.” The £37,000 cost of JS’s preservation was paid by maternal grandparents. But a cousin of her mother said there had been misgivings on that side of the family over her plans. Before her arrival in America, JS’s body was prepared by Cryogenic UK, the only British organisation working in the unregulated field. After she was legally pronounced dead the team cooled down her body before performing “perfusion” during which the blood is replaced with a ­medical antifreeze. She was then packed in dry ice and placed in an airtight container before being flown to Detroit airport. Once at the institute, an unassuming warehouse on an industrial estate, her body was further cooled over five days before being placed in her Cryostat. The institute, one of only three such facilities in the world, has 145 human bodies. Pets are cryogenically ­frozen for a smaller fee. University lecturer Roger Eyre, 64, is one of more than 120 Brits who will be cryogenically frozen. He has signed up to America’s other facility, Alcor Life Extension Foundation in Phoenix, Arizona. Bizarrely, his mum’s head is stored there. Roger, of Plumstead, South East London, became fascinated by cryogenics when as a 15-year-old schoolboy he watched an episode of Whicker’s World called Immortality Incorporated in 1967. “Before then I could never accept death,” he said. “I still can’t now. “Some people find it odd about wanting to be frozen but what is the alternative – lying dead or being cremated. That is final. At least through cryogenics we have a chance of life again.” Go to MSN Home More in News Petrol prices set to fall to less than £1 Mirror Europe’s leaders to force Britain into 'hard Brexit' The Guardian Chancellor set to spend £1.1bn on road and rail Sky News Oldest female astronaut arrives at space station with crewmates Press Association Wife stages burglary to avoid telling husband she'd spent life savings AOL Money UK Russia to ask Donald Trump for help bombing Syria Mirror Up Next At least 100 killed as train derails in India Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From Daily Record X Factor's Honey G tops the public phone vote for the first time ever Daily Record Saido Berahino statement: West Brom striker on 'feeling depressed', fan anger and his lack of focus Daily Record Watch 'UFOs' caught on camera over Halewood Daily Record Road crash victims remembered in poignant service in St George's Hall Daily Record Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home News UK News Teenagers News Body of Brit teen who won court battle to be cryogenically frozen is in £10 Walmart sleeping bag The 14-year-old girl’s body is hung upside-down in temperatures of minus 196C while awaiting still-unknown ­techniques to bring her back to life  Share  Comments ByChristopher Bucktin 22:53, 19 NOV 2016 Updated11:44, 20 NOV 2016 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextI'm a celebrity's Martin Roberts tries to sing hi Watch this video again Watch Next Hamley's Toy Parade brings festive cheer to the U0:31 Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell backs the Tory i1:01 Dad builds 'man-cave' with 100-inch cinema in his1:10 Man pulls out a GUN on a shop worker because he w0:48 MP Heidi Allen admits that she would snog Strictl0:31 Pregnant woman is pinned to the floor by a shop s1:18 Video will play in Come inside the place where a young girl has been frozen Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Suspended in a £10 Walmart sleeping bag while tied to a coffin-shaped board, this is the frozen tomb where Britain’s only ­cryogenic child now rests. The 14-year-old girl’s body is hung upside-down in temperatures of minus 196C while awaiting still-unknown ­techniques to bring her back to life. Before she died from cancer last month, the teenager was confident of her ­immortality and predicted to her uncle she would live again 200 years from now. Today is her 20th day inside her Cryostat – a huge human Thermos flask from which she hoped one day she will emerge and be cured of her cancer. The girl’s body was flown from Britain to the US and the Cryonics Institute in Clinton Township, Michigan, last month following a bitter legal battle between her divorced parents. Read More Grandparents of girl, 14, who has been cryogenically frozen sell their house to pay the bill The Cryonics Institute in Michigan (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) The teenager’s corpse – referred to by the firm as “a patient” – is now suspended in liquid nitrogen. The company’s chief operating officer Andy Zawacki explained: “It is almost like they float once inside,” “We store up to six patients inside each Cryostat and they are suspended upside down on their boards. Chris Bucktin and CI Director Andy Zawacki, Chief Operations Officer, with one of the boards patients are strapped on before being suspended in the tanks (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) “Patients are wrapped in everyday normal sleeping bags, the kind you can buy at the local store. “They are nothing special but we have found they absorb liquid nitrogen very well and help preserve the body. “Each patient, while strapped to their board, is then hoisted above a Cryostat ­and we lower them in. Where the bodies are kept at the Cryonics Institute in Michigan (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) “Their bodies are held by restraints while we leave a gap between their head and the end of the boards so they don’t touch the floor. “We have them upside-down for safety reasons so if there is a liquid nitrogen leak it will be the head that is protected most as that is at the bottom. “Effectively the bodies hang like modern mummies until we hope science will become so ­advanced they are brought back to life. Chris Bucktin in the perfusion room at MichiganÕs Cryonics Institute, where patients are prepared for vitrification (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) “The aim is that by the time they are ­defrosted a cure will have been found for whatever killed them.” Before her death in a London hospital on October 17, her father, who the girl had not seen since 2007, was opposed to her plans to be frozen, while her mother was in support. The teen took her battle to the High Court to fight for the right for her mum to have sole control of her remains. The tank used to bring the incoming patients down to a temperature of -196C (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) Mr Justice Peter Jackson granted the girl, referred to as JS in proceedings, her wish 11 days before she died. Her father has since revealed how bitter and destructive the family rift had been while other family members suggested JS had been brainwashed into thinking she could cheat death. The dad was banned, in line with his daughter’s wishes, from seeing her or her body as he fought his own cancer battle. Unknown to him, at one point she was only a few floors away as the two were treated in the same London hospital. The Cryonics Institute in Michigan (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) Without a legal ban, the father could make an application to visit his daughter’s body in the US. Mr Zawacki said: “Relatives are ­allowed to visit. With cryonics we hope it works but we don’t know, so it is possible this is their final resting place. For ­relatives, it is still a loss to them, they hope it is temporary but they do like to come in. One gentleman brings flowers each year for his sister.” Asked if they would specifically allow JS’s father into the facility, Mr Zawacki said: “We would be respectful of another country’s law.” The £37,000 cost of JS’s preservation was paid by maternal grandparents. The perfusion room at MichiganÕs Cryonics Institute, where patients are prepared for vitrification (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) But a cousin of her mother said there had been misgivings on that side of the family over her plans. Before her arrival in America, JS’s body was prepared by Cryogenic UK, the only British organisation working in the unregulated field. After she was legally pronounced dead the team cooled down her body before performing “perfusion” during which the blood is replaced with a ­medical antifreeze. She was then packed in dry ice and placed in an airtight container before being flown to Detroit airport. The tank used to bring the incoming patients down to a temperature of -196C (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) Once at the institute, an unassuming warehouse on an industrial estate, her body was further cooled over five days before being placed in her Cryostat. The institute, one of only three such facilities in the world, has 145 human bodies. Pets are cryogenically ­frozen for a smaller fee. University lecturer Roger Eyre, 64, is one of more than 120 Brits who will be cryogenically frozen. He has signed up to America’s other facility, Alcor Life Extension Foundation in Phoenix, Arizona. Bizarrely, his mum’s head is stored there. Roger, of Plumstead, South East London, became fascinated by cryogenics when as a 15-year-old schoolboy he watched an episode of Whicker’s World called Immortality Incorporated in 1967. Chris Bucktin stands in front of the tank being filled at the moment, believed to be JS's resting place (Photo: James Breeden/Sunday Mirror) “Before then I could never accept death,” he said. “I still can’t now. “Some people find it odd about wanting to be frozen but what is the alternative – lying dead or being cremated. That is final. At least through cryogenics we have a chance of life again.” Read More Cryogenics Tragic teen in court victory What is cryogenics Tragic teen's letter in full Reaction on This Morning Couple plan to be frozen Readers' reaction Inside cryogenics lab Founding father of cryogenics Grandparents sell their home to pay Girl kept in sleeping bag Children as young as 7 want to be frozen Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Teenagers Cancer news all Most Read Most Recent Weird NewsMystery sphere spotted zooming past sun by NASA satellites - sparking conspiracy theories over UFOs Other frames in the series do not feature the sphere, nor does any image from October's captures from the mission Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect UK NewsCancer-stricken girl, 4, who reduced world to tears after father posted heartbreaking picture of her suffering has died The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body World newsISIS leader reveals how he feels about beheading prisoners, the future if Mosul falls and missing his CAT Rachid Kassim, linked to a string of terror attacks in Europe, has given a startling frank account of his life in Islamic State UK NewsTerrifying video shows Spurs and West Ham fans clashing in the street before London derby The fighting broke out just 15 minutes before kick-off prior to the match between Tottenham Hotspur and West Ham on Saturday ImmigrationDetainees at British immigration centre held in isolation amid fears of a TB outbreak Detainees at Yarl's Wood immigration centre in Bedford are in isolation after one woman was taken the hospital with tuberculosis BrexitBlundering Boris Johnson accused of taking the WRONG notes to Brexit meeting with Theresa May The bumbling Tory is said to have prompted "groans of disapproval" in Downing Street Paul GascoigneFears for ex-England star Paul Gascoigne after second dinner event cancelled as 'very upset' legend hit with 'bad news' A promoter claimed the England legend had received some 'bad news' and was 'very upset' Heathrow AirportMassive fire close to Heathrow Airport sends thick black smoke billowing into the sky Flights departing and arriving at the airport will not be affected, a spokesman confirmed tonight Hamleys PLCHamleys Christmas Toy Parade takes over London's Regent Street and wows crowd of almost one MILLION The parade saw 400 actors dressed up as the nation's favourite toys move down Regent's Street, accompanied by dancers and marching bands Most Read Most Recent Weird NewsMystery sphere spotted zooming past sun by NASA satellites - sparking conspiracy theories over UFOs Other frames in the series do not feature the sphere, nor does any image from October's captures from the mission Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect UK NewsCancer-stricken girl, 4, who reduced world to tears after father posted heartbreaking picture of her suffering has died The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body Celebrity NewsSusan Boyle may NEVER sing live again - as she reveals two-stone weight loss secrets and looks for love SuBo says her Asperger’s syndrome has become so crippling that she is unable to set dates for another tour World newsISIS leader reveals how he feels about beheading prisoners, the future if Mosul falls and missing his CAT Rachid Kassim, linked to a string of terror attacks in Europe, has given a startling frank account of his life in Islamic State Cilla BlackIs a GHOST STORY putting home-buyers off Cilla Black’s £4.4 million, eight bedroom mansion? The Surprise Surprise star's sons believe a ghost story may be scaring interest off of her mansion ImmigrationDetainees at British immigration centre held in isolation amid fears of a TB outbreak Detainees at Yarl's Wood immigration centre in Bedford are in isolation after one woman was taken the hospital with tuberculosis BrexitBlundering Boris Johnson accused of taking the WRONG notes to Brexit meeting with Theresa May The bumbling Tory is said to have prompted "groans of disapproval" in Downing Street Paul GascoigneFears for ex-England star Paul Gascoigne after second dinner event cancelled as 'very upset' legend hit with 'bad news' A promoter claimed the England legend had received some 'bad news' and was 'very upset' Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea LIVE: Costa scores 10th goal of the season as Blues look to go top Antonio Conte's in-form Blues can go clear at the top with a sixth-consecutive league win - but won't have it all their own way against Aitor Karanka's men Top Stories Paul GascoigneFears for ex-England star after second dinner event cancelled as "very upset" legend hit with "bad news" A promoter claimed Paul Gascoigne had received some 'bad news' and was 'very upset' BrexitBlundering Boris Johnson accused of taking the WRONG notes to Brexit meeting with Theresa May The bumbling Tory is said to have prompted "groans of disapproval" in Downing Street West Bromwich Albion FCSaido Berahino sent BACK to France fitness camp by West Brom in bid to recover from 'most difficult year' Berahino travelled to the south of France earlier this season and the club say it is the best way forward for him if he returns for another spell ShopliftingShop assistant 'chokes alleged thief on the ground even AFTER she claims to be three months pregnant' A clothes shop worker pinning an alleged thief to the ground attracts jeers and horrified gasps after the woman claims she is pregnant - and he continues to lie on top of her Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect DrugsSix-year-old boy exposed to high levels of METH after his parents unknowingly moved into an old drug den The boy's condition only became apparent when his school performance crashed, and it later emerged that authorities knew the home had been a meth lab MonkeysMonkey 'pulls off girl's headscarf sparking violent clashes between mortar-wielding tribes leaving 16 dead and dozens injured' Tanks, mortars and other heavy weapons were used during the four days of violent clashes in the Libyan city of Sabha ImmigrationDetainees at British immigration centre held in isolation amid fears of a TB outbreak Detainees at Yarl's Wood immigration centre in Bedford are in isolation after one woman was taken the hospital with tuberculosis UK News"My princess has grown her angel wings": Dad who shared heartbreaking picture of his girl battling cancer announces she has passed away The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body. Now dad Andy announces she has 'found peace' Heathrow AirportBreaking: Massive fire close to Heathrow Airport sends thick black smoke billowing into the sky Flights departing and arriving at the airport will not be affected, a spokesman confirmed tonight BullyingTalented footballer with long hair cuts it all off and quits youth academy after being bullied over 'feminine' locks Talented Maxx Cordy, 11, had let his hair grow since the age of four but felt 'enough was enough' Johnny AdairJohnny 'Mad Dog' Adair's grief at son's heroin death: 'He was good looking and healthy but that horrible drug got its grip' Ex-loyalist terror chief Adair and his family have been left heartbroken by the death of 32-year-old Jonathan - known as Mad Pup - in Ayrshire in Scotland in September News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Deals & Promotions Outsmart Burglars with SimpliSafe: Get $200 Off Now! Protect your home with a massive arsenal of wireless sensors from SimpliSafe. And for a limited time, you can get our exclusive 17-piece holiday package for $200 less than the sticker price. Hurry! This offer won't last long. Get $200 off SimpliSafe's incredible protection today! facebook twitter link email Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Security Cam - $99 w/ code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $199.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. facebook twitter link email Sonus Faber Pryma 1 Closed-Back Headphones - $499.99 High style and legendary Sonus Faber engineering combine together to create some of the finest headphones you can buy in the under-$1000 category. facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. facebook twitter link email Rosewill 4-Liter Stainless Steel Electric Hot Water Dispenser - $50 Dual, electric and cup dispense, three temperature settings, stainless steel shell and inner pot and dry-boil protection. Select 'White' to get sale price. facebook twitter link email Bose SoundTouch Wireless Starter Two-Pack - $349.95 The SoundTouch 10 x 2 Wireless Starter Pack is the easiest way to stream your music with full, rich sound to more than one room. facebook twitter link email Sony MDR-1A Headphones - $298 Super-comfort, clarity and listenability combine to make an already excellent headphone even better. CNET 4.5 Star rating. facebook twitter link email Onkyo RZ800 7.2 Network A/V Receiver - $649.99 Major bang for your bucks. 135-watts per channel, WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplay, Dolby Atmos, three-zone / three-source output and incredible sound for music and movies. facebook twitter link email Canon EOS Rebel T6i Kit w/ 18-55 Lens - $749 The perfect 'all-around' DSLR combines performance with excellent usability. Kit includes lens, memory card, camera bag and more. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Security Cams & Systems Now 20-Percent Off! From indoor and outdoor Full HD security cams to Network Video Recorders and systems, Amcrest provides complete security solutions for your Home or Business Needs. Enjoy 20% off on these select products. facebook twitter link email Bose QuietControl 30 Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones - $299.95 Lightweight, exceptionally comfortable, great sounding Bluetooth headphones let you set just the right amount of noise cancelling that sounds best. facebook twitter link email Spock Million Dollar Bill - $4.99 What's better than a million dollars? A million Spock dollars! Collectible million dollar bill in currency holder featuring classic Spock and crew images. facebook twitter link email Yujin eX500 Smart Vac & Mop Robot - $379 2-in-1, extremely quiet and powerful robot vacuum and mop with advanced camera recognition and navigation, V-type brush design for better cleaning and a slim "fits everywhere" design. facebook twitter link email IDrive: Click - Protect Your Data, Documents and Memories - $6 Lose the worry! It's as easy as 1-2-Click to backup and protect all your data on all your devices. Get 1TB for 1-year of military-encrypted backup and top flight customer service. facebook twitter link email Cheapskate Deals Rick Broida has been wheeling and dealing and writing about deals for a long time now. See what Rick is touting today, and get in on the best deal action around. facebook twitter link email 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Previous Next Most Popular Deals View by: Popularity Popularity Date All deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software TelevisionsCategories: All deals facebook twitter link email Toys"R"Us Black Friday Early Access Sale: + free shipping w/ $19 w/code BLACKFRIDAY For its Rewards"R"Us members only, Toys"R"Us discounts a range of toys, babies' and kids' items, bikes, ride-ons, educational items, and more via coupon code "BLACKFRIDAY" during its Black Friday Early Access Sale. (Click "Shop Now" to see the deals. Not a member? It's free to join.) Plus, orders of $19 or more qualify for free shipping; otherwise, it adds $5.99. (Many items are also available via in-store pickup.) from Toys"R"Us / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Samsung 70-Inch 4K TV w/ $250 eGift Card - $1299.99 Samsung model UN70KU6300 4K TV w/ a $250 Dell eGift card and free delivery. $1300 Expires in 2 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sharp 50" 1080p LED LCD Smart TV for $280 + free shipping Best Buy offers the Sharp 50" 1080p LED LCD Smart Television, model no. LC-50LB481U, for $279.99 with free shipping. That's $70 under our mention from last month and the lowest total price we've seen. Features include a native resolution of 1920x1080 (1080p), WiFi, Roku app, USB, and three HDMI inputs. from Best Buy / $280 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Apple iPad mini 4 8" WiFi Tablets from $225 + free shipping Best Buy takes $125 off Apple iPad mini 4 8" WiFi Tablets, as listed below. With free shipping, that puts them all at the lowest total price we've seen, most by a significant margin. The iPads, each available in Space Gray, Gold, or Silver: Apple iPad mini 4 16GB WiFi for $224.99 (low by $90) Apple iPad mini 4 32GB WiFi for $274.99 (low by $85) Apple iPad mini 4 64GB WiFi for $324.99 (low by $80) Apple iPad mini 4 128GB WiFi for $374.99 (low by $75) from Best Buy / $225 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email New Balance Men's 690v4 Running Shoes for $33 + $1 s&h w/code DOLLARSHIP As one of its daily deals, Joe's New Balance Outlet offers its New Balance Men's 690v4 Running Shoes in Grey/Orange for $32.99. Apply coupon code "DOLLARSHIP" to get shipping for $1. That's $4 below last month's mention and the lowest total price we could find by $12. They're available in standard and extra-wide sizes 8 to 13, although not in all width/size combinations. Deal ends today. from Joe's New Balance Outlet / $33 Expires in 11 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Forever 21 Pre Black Friday Sale from $2 + free shipping w/ $21 Forever 21 discounts a selection of men's, women's and kids' clothing and accessories during its Pre Black Friday Sale, with prices starting at $1.95. Shipping adds $5.95, or get free shipping on orders of $21 or more. Deal ends November 20. from Forever 21 / $2 Expires in 11 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Vizio 50" 4K LED LCD UHD Smart Display for $398 + free shipping Walmart offers the Vizio SmartCast 50" 4K 2160p LED-Backlit LCD Ultra HD Smart Display, model no. E50x-E1, for $398 with free shipping. That's tied with our expired mention from three days ago and the lowest total price we could find now by $200. It features a native resolution of 3840x2160 (2160p), Smart TV apps, USB, V8 octa-core processor, and four HDMI inputs. Note that it doesn't have a tuner. from Walmart / $398 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Kodi XBMC Android 1080p Smart TV Box for $25 + free shipping AntiqueChina2009 via eBay offers the Kodi XBMC Android 1080p Smart TV Box, model no. HD18Q, for $24.95 with free shipping. That's tied with our mention from a week ago and, outside of other eBay merchants, the lowest total price we could find for a similar media player by $17. It features an Amlogic S805 1.5GHz quad-core CPU, 1GB RAM, 8GB internal storage, support for Airplay, XBMC, Miracast, and DLNA, 802.11n wireless, Ethernet, and Android 4.4 (Kit Kat). Note: This item ships from China and may take two to four weeks for delivery. from eBay / $25 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Columbia Fall Styles: 50% to 60% off + free shipping w/code AFFHOLIDAY Columbia takes 50% to 60% off a selection of its men's, women's, and kids' coats, tops, pants, and vests via coupon code "AFFHOLIDAY". Plus, Greater Rewards members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up.) Deal ends November 22. from Columbia / Expires in 2 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Xiaomi Smart Home Smart House Control Center for $5 + free shipping w/code BIRTH5381484 LightInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Smart Home Smart Wireless Switch House Control Center in White for $6.99. Coupon code "BIRTH5381484" cuts it to $4.99. With free shipping, that's the lowest total price we could find by a buck. It features 30 smart functions that can be controlled from your smartphone. Deal ends November 29. Note: Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. from LightInTheBox / $5 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Cree XM-L T6 LED Front Bike Light for $5 + free shipping w/code SO5345026 LightInTheBox offers this Cree XM-L T6 LED Front Bike Light for $5.99. Coupon code "SO5345026" cuts that to $4.99. With free shipping, that's $11 off and the lowest total price we could find. It features a 500-lumen output and waterproof body. Note: Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. from LightInTheBox / $5 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email SimpliSafe: Better, Smarter Security - Get $200 Off the Arsenal Kit Now! Simply put, SimpiSafe is the easiest and best way to outsmart the criminals and protect your home and loved ones. Get $200 off the all-inclusive, Security Arsenal kit now! Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Refurb Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB Phone for $275 + free shipping Guarantee Cellular via eBay offers the refurbished Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB No-Contract GSM Smartphone in Silver or Gold for $274.99 with free shipping. That's $124 under our refurb mention from April and the lowest total price we could find. (It's also $225 less than the best price we could find for a new one.) No warranty information is provided. from eBay / $275 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Pan/Tilt Wifi Security Camera - $99 w/ code w/code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. $99 Expires in 5 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping Gearbest offers the iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner in White for $97.99 with free shipping. (Choose "US-LA" as the warehouse option to see this price.) That's tied with our mention from a week ago, $147 off list, and the lowest total price we could find. It features a schedule function, two side brushes, double HEPA filtration, multiple cleaning modes, smart sensors, and a remote control. from GearBest / $98 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to 65% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and sports gear as part of its Black Friday Now Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, select items take $10 off for every $50 you spend. (A $30 maximum applies.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. (Large items carry additional handling charges.) Several exclusions apply. A couple of best bets: Gerry Women's Rena Insulated Jacket for $89.99 $99.99 ($110 off) Top Flite 2016 XL 13-Piece Complete Set for $149.98 (low by $30) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $150 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GearXS Apple Clearance Event: Up to 81% off + free shipping GearXS takes up to 81% off a selection of Apple laptops, desktops, and accessories, with items starting at $29.99, during its Apple Clearance Event. Plus, all items bag free shipping. from GearXS / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sphero Star Wars BB-8 App Controlled Droid - $129.99 This IS the Droid you're looking for! $130 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Micro-iCAN Special Edition Headphone Amp - $229.99 The fabulous i-CAN upgraded with higher-quality components, extended bass and greater clarity. This is a serious headphone amp at a limited time, super low price. $230 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Nano-iDSD PCM/DSD/DXD Battery Powered USB DAC - $144.99 You don't need to spend a lot to get a great, all-format, high-res, battery-powered USB DAC. Now save even more for a limited time only. $145 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GoPro HERO5 Black 12MP Rear Touchscreen Waterproof Camera - $399.99 Super-compact GoPro is the easiest to use yet. Take stunning 4K video and 12MP photo in Single, Burst, and Time Lapse modes. Plus Voice Control, GPS and more. $400 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email R2-D2 Lunch Kit w/ Lights and Sound - $13.59 Super-cool lunch kit for your young or old Star Wars fan. 100-percent PVC free with Peva lining and high-quality foam insulation to keep the cold, cold and the hot, hot. $14 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Mr. Potato Head Spudtrooper - $11.04.04 Includes 8 character costume pieces and 5 classic Mr. Potato Head accessories. $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Millennium Falcon 7-Color Table and Desk Lamp - $39.95 7 different color modes show off your Millennium Falcon to best advantage. Power by USB or wall outlet. $40 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic 50-inch x 60-inch Soft n' Cozy Throw - $10.59 Super-soft, super-plush and super-cozy throw with classic images for fans $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic Peel And Stick Wall Decals - $8.80 Pack of 31, Made In the USA, Star Wars classic decals are easy to apply, removable and repositionable and leave no sticky residue $9 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 Most Popular Deals categories All Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software Televisions IDrive: Military-Encrypted Online Backup - 1TB / 1-Year $6 Don't let your data, documents and precious moments become just a memory! Shop Now Deal ends Feb 28, 2017 1 of 1649 NEXT / PREV Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! APPLE NEWS For Apple's iPhone SE, new iPad Pro, small is the new big A more petite iPhone and a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro stretch out Apple's family of products. The goal: to convince you it's time to trade up. SEE ALL THE NEWS © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Lifestyle Savvy Shopper guide to navigating Black Friday, Cyber Monday 5 Black Friday tips from our Savvy Shopper Savvy Shopper's guide to navigating Black Friday. Savvy Shopper's guide to navigating Black Friday. Natalie JosephContact Reporternjoseph@dailypress.com Every year, hundreds of people leave their homes late Thanksgiving Day or early Black Friday morning to stand in the cold for one purpose — scoring the biggest shopping deals of the year. Black Friday and Cyber Monday have solidified themselves as two of the largest shopping days of the year, causing shoppers across the nation to mark their calendars in hopes of scoring the best deals on electronics, home goods, appliances, toys and much more. The National Retail Federation (NRF) reported 74.2 million people shopped in stores on Black Friday in 2015. The NRF also reported 34.6 million shopped in stores on Thanksgiving Day. This year, the NRF predicts that holiday shopping will increase by 3.6 percent, with a majority of sales coming from shopping done on Thanksgiving Day, Black Friday and Cyber Monday. The NRF senior director of media relations, Ana Serafin Smith, said Black Friday weekend numbers are predicted to be similar to or stronger than in 2015. NRF reports that consumers plan to spend about $589 on gifts this holiday season. Gloucester groups join #GivingTuesday Frances Hubbard Several organizations and businesses have joined "Giving Tuesday" – a worldwide fundraising campaign that follows Thanksgiving, Black Friday, Shop Local Saturday and Cyber Monday. "We are working hard to raise funds with the online charitable giving opportunity that GivingTuesday provides," said... Several organizations and businesses have joined "Giving Tuesday" – a worldwide fundraising campaign that follows Thanksgiving, Black Friday, Shop Local Saturday and Cyber Monday. "We are working hard to raise funds with the online charitable giving opportunity that GivingTuesday provides," said... (Frances Hubbard) If you're worried you missed out on deals in 2015, WalletHub, in a news release, reported that 11 percent of deals this Black Friday are recycled from last year. It reports top retailers recycling deals are Sears (28 percent recycled), Office Depot/OfficeMax (20.5 percent) and Staples (18.2 percent). Shopping tips •Make a list. Before you get to the store, make a list of a few items you want to purchase ahead of time. This will help you keep focus, shop faster and get a better position in the checkout line so you can move on to the next store. A list also is helpful in case you find the hot deal you originally wanted is sold out, allowing you to move down your list for your second-most-wanted deal without scrambling. Crowds in Hampton Roads lined up for deals on Black Friday Thanksgiving Day. (Kaitlin McKeown) •Collect coupons. Many stores allow you to stack coupons on Black Friday, allowing you to use multiple coupons on one purchase to maximize savings. Start saving coupons now and collect the coupons you receive while shopping on Black Friday. Organize your coupons according to store and group them together in little plastic bags or with paper clips so when you get to the register, you can pull out all of your coupons for one store together, which makes checkout faster and easier. •Get in line early (especially for electronics). At almost any major retailer, lines get long fast. Most department stores only have a limited number of electronics or large door-buster items, so I suggest arriving at the retailer about an hour before the doors open. Typically stores give out tickets for electronics or appliance items while you wait in line. Once in the store, the customer then takes the ticket to the checkout counter to redeem the item, so getting there early increases your chances of getting the deal you want — and snagging a shopping cart, which is a Black Friday rarity. •Save receipts. With so many incredible deals in one place, it can be overwhelming and exciting, leading to shopping regret. Although receipts are easy to lose in the chaos of Black Friday, it is important to remember to save them just in case you want to return any impulse buys or defective items. Also, rebates are big on Black Friday, and your receipt is the key to scoring money back on some of your most expensive purchases. •Bring a shopping partner. Bringing someone with you for your Black Friday shopping adventures is important for many reasons. First, because shopping carts are so rare, a partner can help you hold shopping items. Second, the two of you can also split the shopping list to maximize your chances of getting a great item. It also helps to have someone to wait with in line. If you fly Black Friday solo, bring a smartphone or game to pass the time while waiting. Door-buster deals Big box retailers compete with one another to offer customers the best deals of the season. Depending on what you are looking for, or who you are shopping for, Black Friday shopping may take you to one store or multiple stores or may cause you to stay at home in your pajamas and shop online. Newport News shopping blogger and co-founder of blackfridaycentral.com and crazytowndeals.com, Jerry Tietjens, said the key to getting the most out of your Thanksgiving Day or Black Friday shopping is to look for multiple deals in one place. "Don't go to a store based on one deal you see in the advertisement," Tietjens said. "Stores only have like seven or eight TVs in stock, and that's usually the max. The first five people get them and that's it. Look for ads with a few Christmas gifts so you get more of what you want." Electronics One of the top deals on electronics can be found at Kohl's on Black Friday. The department store has a Samsung 4K Smart TV for $249 (limit one per customer) and a Canon EOS Rebel T6 DSLR camera with Wi-Fi for $449.99, $300 off its regular price. Kohl's is also giving out $15 Kohl's Cash for every $50 spent. Wal-Mart has the iPhone 5S for $99, RCA 7-inch Android tablet for $28 and a 40-inch Classic Element or Hisense television for $125. Kohl's and Wal-Mart are selling the Fitbit Alta for just $99 (regularly priced at $129.95). Best Buy is the place to go if you want to get deals on Apple products, such as the Apple Macbook Air for $799.99 ($200 off) and the 22.5-inch iMac desktop for $899.99. Another hot deal at Best Buy is the Amazon Fire 8-inch tablet for $59.99. Staples has great deals on office electronics like the Canon PIXMA MG3620 Color Inkjet All-in-One Printer for $29.99 and Logitech wireless computer mouses for $8.99, one the best deals out there. Home and pet goods Macy's has select brands of kitchen appliances such as electronic skillets, panini makers, slow cookers, blenders, toasters and waffle makers priced at $7.99 on Black Friday, after a $12.99 rebate. For foodies, JCPenney is offering a Pyrex eight-piece sculpture bowl set or 24-piece anchor storage set for $10. PetSmart has a fantastic deal on dog cuddler gift set that includes a dog blanket, bed and pillow for $14.99 before noon. The store opens at 7 a.m. Friday. From 6 a.m. to noon at Bed Bath and Beyond on Black Friday, shoppers receive a coupon for 20 percent off their entire purchase all day Friday, which is valid for items such as a Dyson Ball Animal Upright Vacuum for $299.99 ($200 off the regular price). Also, coffee lovers can get $55 off a Keurig K55 Elite Brewing System ($89.99 on Black Friday). If you are looking to spruce up your home with a new appliance or two, Sears has the Kenmore Built-In Dishwasher with PowerWave Spray Arm for $399.99 ($430 off the regular retail price). The Home Depot has up to 40 percent off top-brand appliances and $79 7.5-foot pre-lit LED Christmas trees. Clothing Macy's is offering 50 percent off all Lauren, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger suit separates after 1 p.m., and $15.99 puffer coats for juniors that regularly retail around $80. Kohl's has $8.99 women's watches, and GameStop has graphic T-shirts for $1.99. Toys and games Some of the best toy deals come from Wal-Mart, including the Disney Princess Cinderella Royal Dream Dollhouse with furniture by KidsPlay for $88, Granite Peak Mountain Bikes for $58 and $22 three-piece TeePee sets that include a teepee, sleeping bag and pillow. Shop at Toys R Us for 40 to 50 percent off toys and toy sets, including some of the most popular brands this year, including Pokémon, Barbie and Paw Patrol. If you are a digital gamer, GameStop has a three-for-$20 deal on pre-owned video games. Save $50 on an Uncharted 4/ 500 GB PlayStation 4 Bundle for $249, and check out the store's exclusive deal on the new Gold PS4 DualShock 4 Controller for $64.99. Black Friday online Many Black Friday deals already have begun at large online retailers such as Amazon and Groupon. According to the NRF, in 2015, 41 million people shopped online on Thanksgiving Day, and 75.3 million shopped online on Black Friday. Many stores that offer in-store Black Friday deals also will have the same deals online the morning of Thanksgiving or Black Friday, Tietjens said. "You will see a lot of those same deals pop up online first. Some of them leak in the days leading up to Black Friday," Tietjens said. "For example, a large deal that we found online is that Wal-Mart has a 55-inch 4K Smart TV for $298. Don't wait until the stores open." Like department store websites, Amazon offers Black Friday deals and is the key online retailer to look out for Thursday if you want to find discounts on electronics, home goods, furniture and a variety of other items without leaving your comfortable space. According to Tietjens, Amazon most likely will price-match large department stores. Cyber Monday Last year, 121.3 million people shopped on Cyber Monday, more than on Black Friday. This year, the NRF expects that number to increase, because large retailers are upping their Cyber Monday deals. "We noticed that retailers are offering online-only deals on purpose to compete with other online shopping deals that other retailers are offering. We see this when retailers are offering exclusive deals give them more bang for their buck," said Smith, NRF's senior director of media relations. Amazon has started its Countdown to Black Friday by releasing new deals every five minutes on its website. Amazon's best deals of the season most likely will be on Cyber Monday with discounts on clothes and electronics, specifically Amazon-made products like the Fire tablet. Also check Best Buy's website on Cyber Monday, which will have the latest 4K Ultra HD televisions on sale. Also online, find deals at Crocs (40 to 60 percent off), 30 percent off at UGGs Australia, discounted vacations at Travelocity and coupons for special offers at Target. Most stores also offer free shipping on Cyber Monday. Online shopping tips According to Tietjens, Cyber Monday is the biggest day for clothing and textiles, so explore your favorite store's website for deals ahead of time. Tietjens explained that Cyber Monday has more apparel deals than any other day of the year, and suggests that if people are looking for handbags, shoes or winter clothing, Cyber Monday is a better day to shop. He also said Cyber Monday will have deals that mirror Black Friday's on laptops, televisions, tablets, smartphones and other high-end technology devices. "We see lots of crossover with Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals. Most deals after that will depend what didn't sell on those days. Some TV prices will drop after if they didn't sell as much," Tietjens said. Shop local •Williamsburg Premium Outlets: There are plenty of special deals at the Williamsburg Premium Outlets on Black Friday. The first 500 shoppers who visit Simon Guest Services (located in the Food Court) will receive a holiday-themed "Black Friday Swag Bag" that holds discounts, seasonal treats and more. The outlets also will choose 10 random winners to receive a special swag bag and a $50 Simon gift card. Also beginning on Black Friday, Simon Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club members can relax in a special VIP lounge located near the Pandora store. The lounge includes refreshments and photo opportunities until Dec. 24. Becoming a VIP member is free. Info: premiumoutlets.com/vip. •Peninsula Town Center: Spend $150 at your favorite stores on Thanksgiving from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. and Black Friday from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., and get a $25 Peninsula Town Center gift card while supplies last. Gift cards can be picked up with all qualifying receipts in the lobby located at 4410 East Claiborne Square next to Emerson's Cigars. This promotion excludes Target and JCPenney. Info: peninsulatowncenter.com. •Virginia Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC): If you are 21 and above, ABC stores across Virginia are offering 10 percent off any in-store purchases totaling $50 to $74.99 and 15 percent off purchases of $75 or more on Black Friday. On Cyber Monday, customers who order one of the more-than-260 select products online for in-store pickup will get 10 percent off purchases totaling $50 to $74.99 and 15 percent off purchases of $75 or more at abc.virginia.gov. Joseph can be reached by phone 757-374-3134. Store openings •Bass Pro Shops: 5 a.m. Friday •Bed, Bath and Beyond: 5 a.m. Friday •Best Buy: 5 p.m. Thursday •Dick's Sporting Goods: 5 a.m. Friday •Costco: 9 a.m. Friday •GameStop: 5 a.m. Friday (George Washington Memorial Hwy.) *other GameStop store hours vary •HHGregg: 7 a.m. Friday •The Home Depot: 6 a.m. Friday •JCPenney: 3 p.m. Thursday •Kohl's: 6 p.m. Thursday •Macy's: 5 p.m. Thursday •PetSmart: 7 a.m. Friday •Sears: 6 p.m. Thursday •Target: 6 p.m. Thursday •Sam's Club: 7 a.m. Friday •Staples: 6 a.m. Friday •Walmart: 6 p.m. Thursday •Williamsburg Premium Outlets: 6 p.m. Thursday Copyright © 2016, Daily Press Black Friday (shopping) Cyber Monday Thanksgiving ABC Tommy Hilfiger Shoppers line up for Black Friday Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 48°
Print   Email   Font Resize A Texas doctor seeks ID, closure for migrants who die crossing the border from Mexico Monica Hesse And Ricky Carioti Updated:   11/19/2016 01:54:27 PM MST (c) 2016, The Washington Post. LAREDO, Texas -- The man had been found two nights before on the brushland of a South Texas ranch, miles from the nearest sign of civilization, which was the back of a Wal-Mart. The Border Patrol agent who spotted him didn't know how long the young man had been walking before he collapsed and died, and neither did Corinne Stern, the Webb County medical examiner on whose autopsy table he now lay. He'd been carrying a backpack. The backpack would be how Stern began to piece together who the man was and how she could send him back to his family, and so, early on a Sunday morning, her assistant lined up its contents, item by item. A bottle of water, mostly empty. A cellphone, protected by a passcode. A wallet, which meant nothing: Sometimes the people who entered the country by swimming and hiking across its border did so while carrying other people's identification. A bag of corn chips, a can of tuna fish, a crumpled receipt. On his compact body, denim pants and a dark shirt. "It looks like he did a money exchange on October 4th," Stern said to the assistant, Gilberto Ramos, as she examined the receipt. "For $140." She scanned the man's clothing. "The shoes are pretty generic; we won't be able to use them. What brand were his jeans?" "Levi," Ramos said. "Size?" "35x30." "A lot of his belongings come from the U.S., so chances are this might not have been his first time trying to cross," Stern said, and then they were interrupted by the sound of a ringing telephone. Ramos looked toward the landline, but it was silent. "Is that my cell?" Stern asked him. It wasn't. "Is it yours?" she asked. Ramos shook his head. Advertisement They both looked toward the sound and the counter that held the backpack, where the dead man's phone was ringing. --- Laredo. This was a sprawling city of a quarter-million people, with an old downtown and new shopping plazas, old casitas and new McMansions - a city whose western boundary was formed by the Mexican border, which was currently protected by turnstiles on a chaotic highway, and which Donald Trump had insisted should instead be protected by a wall. Laredo was where Stern had arrived a decade before to become the county's medical examiner, and where her offices were located at the end of a dusty, unmarked road. Once a month, she gathered her staff for a meeting to discuss the issue that took up more than a third of their time: identifying the people who died trying to cross the border into the United States and sending their remains home. It was her belief that burial was the way to honor that a person had existed. "That he had walked on this Earth," she sometimes said. Burial was the acknowledgment of universal human dignity, she believed, and the physical location of a family's grief. "Okay, let's start," she said at October's meeting, a few days before her Sunday morning autopsy. Stern crossed one cowboy-booted foot over the other and turned to the first page in a packet labeled "Decedent List As Of October 7, 2016." It was divided into categories: whether the decedents were now in the morgue in her office or at the forensic anthropologist's office; whether the remains had been intact or skeletal. It was six pages, single-spaced. It was too long and, despite Stern having devised strategies that gave her an identification success rate of about 75 percent, it never seemed to get any shorter. Immigration had become a flash point of the presidential election, a flurry of numbers with consequences often in dispute. In fiscal 2015, by the Department of Homeland Security's count, about 331,000 people had been apprehended as they tried to cross the U.S.-Mexico border, a drop-off from the year before. In the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, Border Patrol agents had apprehended nearly 409,000. Many were released to await hearings for asylum, which can take months or years. Stern, 50, didn't consider herself to be a political person, and her job was not to think about the thousands of people who crossed every year in search of new beginnings. Her job was to think about the people who didn't make it, who drowned in rivers or dropped to the ground from dehydration or from the temperatures that soared past 110 degrees.  Her job was to think about endings. --- Last year, the total number of border crossers who died and arrived in her office had been 105 - more than any other jurisdiction from Texas to the Pacific Ocean. This year, her office had reached that number by the first day in October. The tally for the calendar year was written on the whiteboard in her autopsy room: "Crossers: 105," in red marker. Stern knew it was only a matter of time before she received the call telling her that someone had found border crosser 106. "Last year was busy, this year was worse," she'd been telling people throughout the week. She hadn't taken a vacation in half a decade; a couple of years ago, she'd finally petitioned the county commissioners to let her cash out 169 hours of leave time she knew she'd never use. Just this week, she had tried to take a day of rest for Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. She'd celebrated by phoning her grown son, who had recently moved to Israel, but ended up back at her desk before the day was through. "What's the status here?" she asked at the staff meeting, pulling her red hair into a ponytail and pointing to a few case numbers on the list of decedents. A staff member explained that the remains, sent for DNA testing to a forensic anthropologist at the University of North Texas, had been identified but not yet sent back to the crossers' home countries. "He's ID'd, so he doesn't need to be sitting around on an anthropologist's table," Stern said. "He needs to be buried." "But once they're at that office - " a member of her staff began. "They need to be buried," Stern interrupted. "Well," the staffer started. "Even if they're getting an indigent burial. I don't want them sitting on a shelf somewhere. They need to be buried," she said. --- The most recent crosser, 105, had been found in Maverick County, no ID, no fingerprint match, and his DNA had been sent for testing. The 104th crosser was identified quickly: a 41-year-old from Mexico whose family was working with the consulate to bring home his remains. The 103 crossers who had come before them had their own sad endings or non-endings. There was a man whose entire family lived in North Carolina, who had been trying to travel to join them, and instead of a welcome party they ended up having a funeral with an urn of ashes. There was another man who was found with nothing but a roll of U.S. bills, all $100s, and a love letter in English that was too decomposed to read much of except for the last line, "I can't wait for you to hold me again." Stern had learned to gently slice open the denim pockets of border crossers' jeans, easing out waterlogged scraps of paper without tearing them: Sometimes people were identified based on scrawled phone numbers. She had learned to X-ray every patient who came in, searching for steel plates or oddly set bones, or other anomalies that could be compared to X-rays of missing people. She had seen crossers come in with not a single identifying characteristic, and when she looked at them, she thought, "What is the population of the entire world?" because those were the odds she was dealing with: The person on her table was one of 7 billion people, and by the grace of fate that person was now lying before her and not a single one of their loved ones knew it yet. She had far too many opportunities to reflect on this, because over the past several years, Stern had taken over the work for nine surrounding counties, a total area of 17,000 square miles. Earlier in the week, an officer from the Honduran Consulate had brought a pile of manila folders - her own never-ending list - to Stern's office to see whether any outstanding missing-persons cases matched people the doctor had recently identified. The consul, Lilian Gomez, held up a picture of a young, dark-haired woman. "Her brother is calling us every week to ask if you have the DNA results." The brother had seen a picture of a body on a Facebook page that aimed to identify missing migrants and become convinced the dead woman was his sister. "It's not her," Stern said, comparing the two pictures. She sighed and shook her head. "This person is much older. The nose is different. The ears are different. One has curly hair and one has straight." Stern knew the two photos didn't match, and she also knew that grief did funny things to people's minds. They moved on to another case, and another. After two hours, Gomez picked up the last folder and stared at it for a moment. "This one - this one I don't know what to do with," she said. "We still have him here?" asked Stern. "Yes." Gomez explained: The case had dragged on for months. A crosser brought to Stern's office matched the description of a missing Honduran man. The dental records showed a match, but the family wanted more proof. Stern brought in a forensic dentist who told them the match was beyond question. The family still didn't believe their son could be dead, and so they were refusing to claim his remains. "I am a Christian, I do believe in spiritual things," Gomez said. "But the family called a lady in California." "A psychic?" Stern asked. "They called a psychic. She tells them, your son is still alive. He is working on a ranch with 20 other people." Stern shook her head. "But if that was the case, why wouldn't he call them?" "Yes, exactly," Gomez said. Stern told Gomez that she wanted to be able to send him home. But she understood that hope also did funny things to people. In the face of relentless sadness, a family might choose to believe something that went against the facts of the situation. They talked about giving the family more time. "I can give them closure," she said to Gomez, finally. "But I take away their hope." --- The office had been filled with a sense of relief at the beginning of the week; during slow periods, the staff could finally catch up on paperwork. That turned into anxious anticipation toward the end, and one of the assistants had taken to whispering, "They found a crosser?" every time the phone rang. Late Friday, a county worker dropped by just before closing and asked whether the week had been hectic. "Just so you know, our number this year is 105 and our numbers, total, last year were 105," Stern answered. "And last year between October 1st and December, there were 25 crossers. This year it's been really hot. We're going to get to 106." Stern got in her white truck and drove home to the ranch where she lived alone - a red barn house with stables where she kept goats and horses. She checked in on her pregnant mare, and she fed her dogs, and she stopped to pet her favorite goat, which had recently given birth at the advanced age of 13. Texas was her home, and living on a ranch, with nothing to interfere with the dark, starry skies, felt right to her. She'd grown up in the state, the daughter of a World War II hero, and while she'd tried living other places after medical school, she knew she wanted to come back to Texas and she knew she wanted to be a medical examiner. It was her father's idea. He'd become a psychiatrist, spending 25 years working at veterans hospitals and easing serviceman after serviceman through the horrors of post-traumatic stress disorder. She'd wanted to do what he did, but when she told him that as a young girl, he said, in his frank way, "I don't think you'd be a good psychiatrist. I think you would be a good forensic pathologist." She didn't ask him why, but she sensed that maybe he wanted to spare her the pain that could sometimes accompany working with the living. --- The nanny goat's kid was stillborn. Stern had helped ease it out of its mother's womb already knowing it was too late. And then the mother had lain there, unmoving, and Stern thought she would lose her, too. But hours later, she looked down and saw another pair of tiny hoofs emerging from the birth canal. Twins. Stern replayed that moment over and over, believing that surrounding herself by life was the only way to balance the fact that she was so often surrounded by death. She finished up her evening chores and headed to a nearby ranch, where a family she knew had invited people over to watch a goat-roping competition. "Daddy, it's the doctor!" a small girl called to her father as soon as Stern arrived. Everyone recognized the doctor. People in the city had gotten used to seeing her on television whenever there was a high-profile case, like a sensational murder, and they knew that if you were missing somebody you loved, then her office would try to help you find them. And there weren't many Jewish women in Laredo - Stern was the only person she knew who kept kosher. "Mirabeli! I brought some treats for you," Stern said as the little girl climbed into her lap, and she handed her a paper bag filled with Chex Mix and Tostitos. "C'mon, you can get him!" Stern yelled, making sure to cheer on the youngest, smallest boys in their sturdy jeans, trying their slender lassoes on the agitated goats. Just as she was beginning to relax for the weekend, her cellphone vibrated in her pocket. "Hey, Jesse, what have you got?" she asked. She listened while a colleague from Brooks County described a situation and then immediately dialed Francisco Gonzalez, her office's investigator on duty that weekend. "Jesse's bringing in a crosser from Brooks County," she told Gonzalez over the phone. She told him to go straight to the office to meet the car carrying the crosser and said she would be in first thing Sunday morning to perform an autopsy. A man had been found in jeans and a backpack on a ranch behind a Wal-Mart, and crosser 106 had arrived. --- Letizia Sebastian and Enoc David Vásquez Valverde were both barely 20 when they met. He'd come to Oaxaca from a small, poor town on the western Mexican coast and gotten a job at the animal feed store where Letizia was working, and she thought he seemed humble and had kind eyes. They married at the courthouse, they moved into her family's crowded house because they couldn't afford their own place, and they had a baby girl, whom they named Zoe and dressed in pink. The baby changed things. Enoc, now 21, wanted more for his daughter and more for their family. The couple wanted to move into their own apartment, but there was never enough work, paying never enough money. As 2016 passed, he started telling Letizia that he had friends in the United States who could help him find a job there. Finally, one day in late September she went with him to the bus station where he told her not to worry, that he was going to find them a better way of life. The bus took him to Monterrey, a city in northern Mexico. He called her from there saying that he was staying in a hotel with some people he'd met; they would be there for four or five days until the coyote they had hired to guide them through the border said the conditions were right. A few days later they were, and at 6 p.m. on Oct. 6, Enoc sent a text telling her that tonight was the night they would cross. Because they didn't want to be detected, nobody in the group would be making any phone calls while they navigated the desert to the United States, he told her. The next time Letizia would hear from him, he said, would be when he'd reached the other side. --- Less than 24 hours after Stern had received the call about crosser 106, she received two more. Crosser 107: skeletal remains, also found in Brooks County, possibly requiring DNA analysis to be identified. Crosser 108: a man found floating facedown in the Rio Grande. Less than 24 hours, and there were three more people added to her list, and three more families lacking endings. The final one, 108, was in Webb County, Stern's county, meaning that not only would she be responsible for his autopsy but she would also be responsible for retrieving his remains. On Saturday evening, she put on her scrubs and her tallest waterproof boots and drove past a mobile home park and a cluster of palm trees to an access point on the Rio Grande, where Mexico looked so close. "Who usually picks up the body?" the Border Patrol agent asked when she got out of her truck and made her way down the steep riverbank. "If it's in the water, I'll get in and do it myself," she said. "We can't assist," he warned her. "I know you can't. I'll do it." She got in the Border Patrol boat and told the investigator who had accompanied her to wait on the banks and to ready a body bag. The man was bloated. He had begun to decompose. Stern and Gonzalez, her investigator, maneuvered the man into the body bag that had been donated in a grant by the governor's office because the problem of dead border crossers had reached a state of urgency. Stern and Francisco each took two of the handles on the bag. They started carrying it up the steep riverbank. Their feet slipped. Their boots filled with mud. They started up again. They made sure not to let the bag touch the ground. They passed the bag containing the man who died in the river between the layers of barbed wire fence that protected the riverbank. They put him in their van. "I'll see you tomorrow," Stern said to Gonzalez, and tomorrow came, and Stern was again at her table. --- Now it was a little after 9 o'clock on a Sunday morning. Crosser 106, the man who had been found behind the Wal-Mart, was lying on her table. He was young, she could tell that. His face was round. His eyes were closed, and he looked as if he could have been asleep. His phone was ringing. Stern looked at it. She hesitated. "The problem is that neither of us speaks Spanish well enough to talk with the family," she said to Ramos, her assistant. The phone stopped, and Stern went back to work, but a few minutes later it rang again. She paused for just a moment before walking quickly over to the phone. "Hello?" she said. "¿Hola? ¿Habla inglés?" On the other end, she heard a flurry of words in Spanish. "Do you have anyone there who habla inglés?" she asked. "Hello?" She gave up and pressed the end-call button, but the phone immediately rang again. "Hello?" she said. "No hablo español bueno. Can you call back in 20 minutes? ¿Veinte minutos?" She hung up again. "I think that was his wife," she told Ramos quietly. She didn't know whether the woman had understood her, but Gonzales, who was fluent in Spanish, was scheduled to start his shift in 20 minutes. The phone rang again. She didn't pick up. Five minutes later it rang again. Two minutes after that it rang again. "She keeps calling back," Stern said. "She keeps trying." Now the phone was ringing unceasingly as Stern photographed crosser 106 - his face, his body, any identifying details - and prepared him for an autopsy. She already suspected the cause of death to be dehydration. The phone rang, Gonzalez arrived and Stern handed it to him. "Tell them you are with Dr. Stern in the medical examiner's office," she told him, coaching him quietly on the right thing to say. "Tell them we found this phone on the body of a person who was recovered on a ranch in Brooks County, and ask if they are missing a family member." Several hundred miles away, the dead man's parents sat in their home in Santo Domingo de Morelos, having just heard from their daughter-in-law that an English-speaking stranger had picked up their son's phone. Gonzalez translated Stern's message to them. He cupped his hand over the mouthpiece to relay the answer. "The man says he is missing his son." Stern nodded. "Ask him when is the last time he saw his son." Gonzalez asked. "He says a few days ago." In the middle of the room, crosser 106 lay on the metal table. His clothing had been removed. He had been turned on his side. "Ask him if he can describe any tattoos his son has," she told Gonzalez. "A scorpion," Gonzalez responded. On the man's back, a scorpion curved around his shoulder blade, with a name that looked as if it could belong to a wife or girlfriend. "With the name 'Zoe,' " Gonzalez continued, listening to the father describe the tattoo on the other end. "Zoe is his little daughter." Stern had asked the questions in careful order, not wanting to alarm someone unnecessarily. But now there was really only one more question to ask. She searched for the Mexican identification card that had been found with crosser 106. "Ask him what is his son's name," she said finally. "¿Como se llama su hijo?" Gonzalez asked. He turned to Stern and spoke slowly and clearly. "His son's name is Enoc David Vásquez Valverde." She looked down at the card. "Tell them that unfortunately, we have his son here," she said. Gonzalez did. The father accepted the news quietly, but he could hear the mother sobbing in the background. Their son had been found, in the brushland, less than 24 hours after he had texted his wife that he was making the crossing. "Tell him the Mexican Consulate will call him," Stern said, explaining that it was the consulate who would help figure out how to send their son's remains back to them. Gonzalez hung up the phone. Stern finished her work, removed her gloves, began filling in papers. "Enoc David Vásquez Valverde," she said, repeating the name Gonzalez had just given her, the one belonging to the man who had once been border crosser 106. She had an ending. It was a sad one, but it was an ending and it was the best she could do. --- Manuel Roig-Franzia in Washington contributed to this report. border ————— Keywords: donald trump immigration policy, illegal immigrants, build that wall, Texas illegal immigration, border with mexico, rio grande, illegal immigration, path to citizenship, dr. corinne stern, corinne stern, medical examiner, border crossers Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Crisanta Duran, a legacy that aims to all four Colorado corners Aplicación móvil Cyclus Break para alumnos latinos en Denver Denver: Inmigrantes demandan a empresa que les pagaba un dólar al día   Judge allows suit by ex-TV anchor fired after online remarks PITTSBURGH (AP) — A federal judge has declined to throw out a lawsuit filed by a former Pittsburgh newscaster fired after her comments in a Facebook post about a shooting were deemed racially insensitive. Full Story 'Fantastic Beasts' spins magic, 'Billy Lynn's' tanks Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars, Sting set for American Music Awards Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended (Lisa Rathke/AP) No bones about it, group wants to preserve doggie haven ST. JOHNSBURY, Vt. (AP) — At Dog Mountain, canines and their human owners can take walks on a 150-acre Vermont hillside, enjoy several ponds, attend dog parties and even visit a chapel and an art gallery. Full Story The Latest: Sea of foam dissipates as crews clean up That's no snow: Sea of foam cascades from airport hangar 2 moose found frozen mid-fight near remote Alaska village (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Black Hair Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos Rollingout × Search Culture Black Friday deals you can buy now By Ruu Hawkins  |  November 19, 2016 12:58 PM EST @bestbuy/Instagram Black Friday is upon us. So, it’s no surprise that mega-retailers like Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon would try to get an edge on the competition, with a few epic pre-holiday shopping deals. From earbuds, smart TVs, gaming systems and iPads to espresso makers and state of the art vacuum cleaners, merchants are slashing prices left and right. For a round-up of some of the best deals we’ve come across in electronics and household goods (so far), keep scrolling. Walmart Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition, $239 (if you can catch it in stock) Beats by Dr. Dre Solo2 On-Ear Headphones, $145 (save $55) Beats by Dr. Dre urBeats In-Ear Earbud Headphones, $69 (save $31) Apple iPad mini 2 32GB Wi-Fi, $269 (save $50) SAMSUNG 55″ 6500 Series – Curved 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV – 21600p, 120MR, $697 (save $803) RCA 16GB tablet, $35 (save $25) Trampoline, $199 (save $120) Dyson bagless vacuum, $249 (save $140) Amazon GoPro HERO+ (Wi-Fi Enabled), $129.99 Adobe Photoshop Elements 15: $39.99 Shark Rotator Powered Lift-Away TruePet, $223.99 Amazon Prime, $79 (down from $99 per year) Certified Refurbished Kindle Paperwhite E-reader, 6″ High-Resolution Display, $79.99 (save $29.99) Best Buy Bose – SoundTrue Around-Ear Headphones II (iOS) – Charcoal Black: $99.99 (save $80) Nespresso – Inissia Espresso Maker – Black: $89.99 (save $60) Lenovo – Yoga 2 11 2-in-1 11.6″ Touch-Screen Laptop – Intel Core i3 – 4GB Memory – 500GB Hard Drive – Black: $249.99 (save $150) VIZIO – 50″ Class (49.5″ Diag.) – LED – 2160p – with Chromecast Built-in – 4K Ultra HD Home Theater Display – Black: $399.99 (save $200) Jawbone – MINI JAMBOX Portable Bluetooth Speaker – Graphite Facet: $39.99 (save $90) Sears Kenmore refrigerator for $1,000 (normally $2,200) 30% off clothing purchases of $50 or more What’s on your holiday shopping list? Sound off in the comment section below. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Planned Parenthood’s shooter’s courtroom drama Meet Andre Hueston Mack, top African American winemaker Stacii Jae Johnson does the unthinkable to promote her new book Black Friday mass shooter identified Ruu Hawkins I'm an acquired taste. if you don't like me, get some taste. Catch me on the 'gram @onmysteez. Follow @ruubabie Most Talked About Racist West Virginia official put on leave for calling Michelle Obama ‘ape in heels’ 81 Mayor who liked ‘ape in heels’ FB post resigns under pressure 12 Featured Video Kanye West stops concert to criticize Beyoncé, Jay Z [graphic] 2 hours ago Featured Photos Kylie Jenner celebrates Tyga with NSFW topless pics 2 hours ago   ‘For Colored Girls’ playwright Angela Dunlap gets personal, shares success tips Black Friday deals you can buy now 5 signs they aren’t good enough for you UAW-Ford invests in the arts, donates funds to Detroit Repertory Theatre Chicago couple’s lavish ‘Coming to America’-themed wedding 1 President Barack Obama pens sweet note to wife Michelle The Literary Experience showcases power of Black readers and writers 2 #MannequinChallenge: Destiny’s Child, Hillary Clinton, ‘The Real’ hosts and more 1 Melvin Childs tells the backstory of ‘Love Jones The Musical’ 11 must-have conversations to have with your mate before marriage President Obama ‘pretty relaxed’ about daughters starting to date 2 Reginald Corbitt is fighting cyber bullying 1 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it A Texas doctor seeks ID, closure for migrants who die crossing the border from Mexico The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Monica Hesse and Ricky Carioti November 19 at 2:29 PM Follow @MonicaHesse Follow @cariotir SCATTERED REMAINS: In one 10-county swath of Texas, more than 100 migrants have died this year trying to enter the United States. Here, Webb County Sheriff’s Deputy Mauro Lopez reaches for a human skull found alongside a ranch road in the South Texas city of Laredo. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) LAREDO, Tex. — The man had been found two nights before on the brushland of a South Texas ranch, miles from the nearest sign of civilization, which was the back of a Walmart. The Border Patrol agent who spotted him didn’t know how long the young man had been walking before he collapsed and died, and neither did Corinne Stern, the Webb County medical examiner on whose autopsy table he now lay. He’d been carrying a backpack. The backpack would be how Stern began to piece together who the man was and how she could send him back to his family, and so, early on a Sunday morning, her assistant lined up its contents, item by item. A bottle of water, mostly empty. A cellphone, protected by a passcode. A wallet, which meant nothing: Sometimes the people who entered the country by swimming and hiking across its border did so while carrying other people’s identification. A bag of corn chips, a can of tuna fish, a crumpled receipt. On his compact body, denim pants and a dark shirt. “It looks like he did a money exchange on October 4th,” Stern said to the assistant, Gilberto Ramos, as she examined the receipt. “For $140.” She scanned the man’s clothing. “The shoes are pretty generic; we won’t be able to use them. What brand were his jeans?” “Levi,” Ramos said. “Size?” “35x30.” “A lot of his belongings come from the U.S., so chances are this might not have been his first time trying to cross,” Stern said, and then they were interrupted by the sound of a ringing telephone. Ramos looked toward the landline, but it was silent. “Is that my cell?” Stern asked him. It wasn’t. “Is it yours?” she asked. Ramos shook his head. They both looked toward the sound and the counter that held the backpack, where the dead man’s phone was ringing. *** AN ENDING AND A BEGINNING: A sheriff’s deputy stands over a body found by a ranch hand as he inspected fencing in Laredo. The remains next go to the Webb County medical examiner’s office, where fingerprints, DNA testing and other techniques are used to identify the border crosser. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) Laredo. This was a sprawling city of a quarter-million people, with an old downtown and new shopping plazas, old casitas and new McMansions — a city whose western boundary was formed by the Mexican border, which was currently protected by turnstiles on a chaotic highway, and which Donald Trump had insisted should instead be protected by a wall. Laredo was where Stern had arrived a decade before to become the county’s medical examiner, and where her offices were located at the end of a dusty, unmarked road. Once a month, she gathered her staff for a meeting to discuss the issue that took up more than a third of their time: identifying the people who died trying to cross the border into the United States and sending their remains home. It was her belief that burial was the way to honor that a person had existed. “That he had walked on this Earth,” she sometimes said. Burial was the acknowledgment of universal human dignity, she believed, and the physical location of a family’s grief. “Okay, let’s start,” she said at October’s meeting, a few days before her Sunday morning autopsy. Stern crossed one cowboy-booted foot over the other and turned to the first page in a packet labeled “Decedent List As Of October 7, 2016.” It was divided into categories: whether the decedents were now in the morgue in her office or at the forensic anthropologist’s office; whether the remains had been intact or skeletal. It was six pages, single-spaced. It was too long and, despite Stern having devised strategies that gave her an identification success rate of about 75 percent, it never seemed to get any shorter. Immigration had become a flash point of the presidential election, a flurry of numbers with consequences often in dispute. In fiscal 2015, by the Department of Homeland Security’s count, about 331,000 people had been apprehended as they tried to cross the U.S.-Mexico border, a drop-off from the year before. In the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, Border Patrol agents had apprehended nearly 409,000. Many were released to await hearings for asylum, which can take months or years. Stern, 50, didn’t consider herself to be a political person, and her job was not to think about the thousands of people who crossed every year in search of new beginnings. Her job was to think about the people who didn’t make it, who drowned in rivers or dropped to the ground from dehydration or from the temperatures that soared past 110 degrees. Her job was to think about endings. A VOICE FOR THE DEAD: Corinne Stern, Webb County’s chief medical examiner, thinks of the people who cross her autopsy table as silent patients who need her help to reach a final destination. Here, she and autopsy technician Mateo Arredondo examine the skeletal remains of a border crosser. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) Last year, the total number of border crossers who died and arrived in her office had been 105 — more than any other jurisdiction from Texas to the Pacific Ocean. This year, her office had reached that number by the first day in October. The tally for the calendar year was written on the whiteboard in her autopsy room: “Crossers: 105,” in red marker. Stern knew it was only a matter of time before she received the call telling her that someone had found border crosser 106. “Last year was busy, this year was worse,” she’d been telling people throughout the week. She hadn’t taken a vacation in half a decade; a couple of years ago, she’d finally petitioned the county commissioners to let her cash out 169 hours of leave time she knew she’d never use. Just this week, she had tried to take a day of rest for Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. She’d celebrated by phoning her grown son, who had recently moved to Israel, but ended up back at her desk before the day was through. “What’s the status here?” she asked at the staff meeting, pulling her red hair into a ponytail and pointing to a few case numbers on the list of decedents. A staff member explained that the remains, sent for DNA testing to a forensic anthropologist at the University of North Texas, had been identified but not yet sent back to the crossers’ home countries. “He’s ID’d, so he doesn’t need to be sitting around on an anthropologist’s table,” Stern said. “He needs to be buried.” “But once they’re at that office — ” a member of her staff began. “They need to be buried,” Stern interrupted. “Well,” the staffer started. “Even if they’re getting an indigent burial. I don’t want them sitting on a shelf somewhere. They need to be buried,” she said. *** CLUES TO A LIFE: Border crossers are sometimes found with wallets and passports, other times with only phone numbers on scraps of paper, or nothing at all. An autopsy technician tries to decipher a love letter, written in English, found in one man’s pocket. Only the last line was legible: “I can’t wait for you to hold me again.” (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) The most recent crosser, 105, had been found in Maverick County, no ID, no fingerprint match, and his DNA had been sent for testing. The 104th crosser was identified quickly: a 41-year-old from Mexico whose family was working with the consulate to bring home his remains. The 103 crossers who had come before them had their own sad endings or non-endings. There was a man whose entire family lived in North Carolina, who had been trying to travel to join them, and instead of a welcome party they ended up having a funeral with an urn of ashes. There was another man who was found with nothing but a roll of U.S. bills, all $100s, and a love letter in English that was too decomposed to read much of except for the last line, “I can’t wait for you to hold me again.” Stern had learned to gently slice open the denim pockets of border crossers’ jeans, easing out waterlogged scraps of paper without tearing them: Sometimes people were identified based on scrawled phone numbers. She had learned to X-ray every patient who came in, searching for steel plates or oddly set bones, or other anomalies that could be compared to X-rays of missing people. She had seen crossers come in with not a single identifying characteristic, and when she looked at them, she thought, “What is the population of the entire world?” because those were the odds she was dealing with: The person on her table was one of 7 billion people, and by the grace of fate that person was now lying before her and not a single one of their loved ones knew it yet. She had far too many opportunities to reflect on this, because over the past several years, Stern had taken over the work for nine surrounding counties, a total area of 17,000 square miles. Earlier in the week, an officer from the Honduran Consulate had brought a pile of manila folders — her own never-ending list — to Stern’s office to see whether any outstanding missing-persons cases matched people the doctor had recently identified. The consul, Lilian Gomez, held up a picture of a young, dark-haired woman. “Her brother is calling us every week to ask if you have the DNA results.” The brother had seen a picture of a body on a Facebook page that aimed to identify missing migrants and become convinced the dead woman was his sister. “It’s not her,” Stern said, comparing the two pictures. She sighed and shook her head. “This person is much older. The nose is different. The ears are different. One has curly hair and one has straight.” Stern knew the two photos didn’t match, and she also knew that grief did funny things to people’s minds. They moved on to another case, and another. After two hours, Gomez picked up the last folder and stared at it for a moment. “This one — this one I don’t know what to do with,” she said. “We still have him here?” asked Stern. “Yes.” Gomez explained: The case had dragged on for months. A crosser brought to Stern’s office matched the description of a missing Honduran man. The dental records showed a match, but the family wanted more proof. Stern brought in a forensic dentist who told them the match was beyond question. The family still didn’t believe their son could be dead, and so they were refusing to claim his remains. “I am a Christian, I do believe in spiritual things,” Gomez said. “But the family called a lady in California.” “A psychic?” Stern asked. “They called a psychic. She tells them, your son is still alive. He is working on a ranch with 20 other people.” Stern shook her head. “But if that was the case, why wouldn’t he call them?” “Yes, exactly,” Gomez said. Stern told Gomez that she wanted to be able to send him home. But she understood that hope also did funny things to people. In the face of relentless sadness, a family might choose to believe something that went against the facts of the situation. They talked about giving the family more time. “I can give them closure,” she said to Gomez, finally. “But I take away their hope.” *** The office had been filled with a sense of relief at the beginning of the week; during slow periods, the staff could finally catch up on paperwork. That turned into anxious anticipation toward the end, and one of the assistants had taken to whispering, “They found a crosser?” every time the phone rang. Late Friday, a county worker dropped by just before closing and asked whether the week had been hectic. “Just so you know, our number this year is 105 and our numbers, total, last year were 105,” Stern answered. “And last year between October 1st and December, there were 25 crossers. This year it’s been really hot. We’re going to get to 106.” Stern got in her white truck and drove home to the ranch where she lived alone — a red barn house with stables where she kept goats and horses. She checked in on her pregnant mare, and she fed her dogs, and she stopped to pet her favorite goat, which had recently given birth at the advanced age of 13. Texas was her home, and living on a ranch, with nothing to interfere with the dark, starry skies, felt right to her. She’d grown up in the state, the daughter of a World War II hero, and while she’d tried living other places after medical school, she knew she wanted to come back to Texas and she knew she wanted to be a medical examiner. It was her father’s idea. He’d become a psychiatrist, spending 25 years working at veterans hospitals and easing serviceman after serviceman through the horrors of post-traumatic stress disorder. She’d wanted to do what he did, but when she told him that as a young girl, he said, in his frank way, “I don’t think you’d be a good psychiatrist. I think you would be a good forensic pathologist.” She didn’t ask him why, but she sensed that maybe he wanted to spare her the pain that could sometimes accompany working with the living. MISSION WORK: Corinne Stern, who has been Webb County’s chief medical examiner for about a decade, views her work as a calling. “Once you lose compassion, you don’t need to be in this field,” she says. “It has to be something that’s a part of you.” (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) The nanny goat’s kid was stillborn. Stern had helped ease it out of its mother’s womb already knowing it was too late. And then the mother had lain there, unmoving, and Stern thought she would lose her, too. But hours later, she looked down and saw another pair of tiny hoofs emerging from the birth canal. Twins. Stern replayed that moment over and over, believing that surrounding herself by life was the only way to balance the fact that she was so often surrounded by death. She finished up her evening chores and headed to a nearby ranch, where a family she knew had invited people over to watch a goat-roping competition. “Daddy, it’s the doctor!” a small girl called to her father as soon as Stern arrived. Everyone recognized the doctor. People in the city had gotten used to seeing her on television whenever there was a high-profile case, like a sensational murder, and they knew that if you were missing somebody you loved, then her office would try to help you find them. And there weren’t many Jewish women in Laredo — Stern was the only person she knew who kept kosher. “Mirabeli! I brought some treats for you,” Stern said as the little girl climbed into her lap, and she handed her a paper bag filled with Chex Mix and Tostitos. “C’mon, you can get him!” Stern yelled, making sure to cheer on the youngest, smallest boys in their sturdy jeans, trying their slender lassoes on the agitated goats. Just as she was beginning to relax for the weekend, her cellphone vibrated in her pocket. “Hey, Jesse, what have you got?” she asked. She listened while a colleague from Brooks County described a situation and then immediately dialed Francisco Gonzalez, her office’s investigator on duty that weekend. “Jesse’s bringing in a crosser from Brooks County,” she told Gonzalez over the phone. She told him to go straight to the office to meet the car carrying the crosser and said she would be in first thing Sunday morning to perform an autopsy. A man had been found in jeans and a backpack on a ranch behind a Walmart, and crosser 106 had arrived. *** A SAD HOMECOMING: After the remains of border crossers are identified, they can be sent home. Here, a family in North Carolina holds a prayer service for their loved one, who had been deported to Mexico and was trying to rejoin them in the United States. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) Letizia Sebastian and Enoc David Vásquez Valverde were both barely 20 when they met. He’d come to Oaxaca from a small, poor town on the western Mexican coast and gotten a job at the animal feed store where Letizia was working, and she thought he seemed humble and had kind eyes. They married at the courthouse, they moved into her family’s crowded house because they couldn’t afford their own place, and they had a baby girl, whom they named Zoe and dressed in pink. The baby changed things. Enoc, now 21, wanted more for his daughter and more for their family. The couple wanted to move into their own apartment, but there was never enough work, paying never enough money. As 2016 passed, he started telling Letizia that he had friends in the United States who could help him find a job there. Finally, one day in late September she went with him to the bus station where he told her not to worry, that he was going to find them a better way of life. The bus took him to Monterrey, a city in northern Mexico. He called her from there saying that he was staying in a hotel with some people he’d met; they would be there for four or five days until the coyote they had hired to guide them through the border said the conditions were right. A few days later they were, and at 6 p.m. on Oct. 6, Enoc sent a text telling her that tonight was the night they would cross. Because they didn’t want to be detected, nobody in the group would be making any phone calls while they navigated the desert to the United States, he told her. The next time Letizia would hear from him, he said, would be when he’d reached the other side. *** THE UNENDING JOURNEY: They come by raft and by foot, families and individuals from Central American countries crossing the Rio Grande into Texas. After a drop-off in 2015, the number of migrants apprehended crossing the U.S. border rose to more than 400,000 in the year ended Sept. 30. Many of those detained are asking for some type of asylum and are released from detention after a few days. (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) Less than 24 hours after Stern had received the call about crosser 106, she received two more. Crosser 107: skeletal remains, also found in Brooks County, possibly requiring DNA analysis to be identified. Crosser 108: a man found floating facedown in the Rio Grande. Less than 24 hours, and there were three more people added to her list, and three more families lacking endings. The final one, 108, was in Webb County, Stern’s county, meaning that not only would she be responsible for his autopsy but she would also be responsible for retrieving his remains. On Saturday evening, she put on her scrubs and her tallest waterproof boots and drove past a mobile home park and a cluster of palm trees to an access point on the Rio Grande, where Mexico looked so close. “Who usually picks up the body?” the Border Patrol agent asked when she got out of her truck and made her way down the steep riverbank. “If it’s in the water, I’ll get in and do it myself,” she said. “We can’t assist,” he warned her. “I know you can’t. I’ll do it.” She got in the Border Patrol boat and told the investigator who had accompanied her to wait on the banks and to ready a body bag. The man was bloated. He had begun to decompose. Stern and Gonzalez, her investigator, maneuvered the man into the body bag that had been donated in a grant by the governor’s office because the problem of dead border crossers had reached a state of urgency. Stern and Francisco each took two of the handles on the bag. They started carrying it up the steep riverbank. Their feet slipped. Their boots filled with mud. They started up again. They made sure not to let the bag touch the ground. They passed the bag containing the man who died in the river between the layers of barbed wire fence that protected the riverbank. They put him in their van. “I’ll see you tomorrow,” Stern said to Gonzalez, and tomorrow came, and Stern was again at her table. A PAUPER’S BURIAL: The Webb County medical examiner’s office has an identification success rate of about 75 percent, but when the deceased cannot be identified, they are eventually buried in the pauper section of Laredo’s City Cemetery. Here, a burial site’s marker reads “John Doe.” (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) Now it was a little after 9 o’clock on a Sunday morning. Crosser 106, the man who had been found behind the Walmart, was lying on her table. He was young, she could tell that. His face was round. His eyes were closed, and he looked as if he could have been asleep. His phone was ringing. Stern looked at it. She hesitated. “The problem is that neither of us speaks Spanish well enough to talk with the family,” she said to Ramos, her assistant. The phone stopped, and Stern went back to work, but a few minutes later it rang again. She paused for just a moment before walking quickly over to the phone. “Hello?” she said. “¿ Hola? ¿Habla inglés?” On the other end, she heard a flurry of words in Spanish. “Do you have anyone there who habla inglés?” she asked. “Hello?” She gave up and pressed the end-call button, but the phone immediately rang again. “Hello?” she said. “No hablo español bueno. Can you call back in 20 minutes? ¿ Veinte minutos?” She hung up again. “I think that was his wife,” she told Ramos quietly. She didn’t know whether the woman had understood her, but Gonzales, who was fluent in Spanish, was scheduled to start his shift in 20 minutes. The phone rang again. She didn’t pick up. Five minutes later it rang again. Two minutes after that it rang again. “She keeps calling back,” Stern said. “She keeps trying.” Now the phone was ringing unceasingly as Stern photographed crosser 106 — his face, his body, any identifying details — and prepared him for an autopsy. She already suspected the cause of death to be dehydration. The phone rang, Gonzalez arrived and Stern handed it to him. “Tell them you are with Dr. Stern in the medical examiner’s office,” she told him, coaching him quietly on the right thing to say. “Tell them we found this phone on the body of a person who was recovered on a ranch in Brooks County, and ask if they are missing a family member.” Several hundred miles away, the dead man’s parents sat in their home in Santo Domingo de Morelos, having just heard from their daughter-in-law that an English-speaking stranger had picked up their son’s phone. Gonzalez translated Stern’s message to them. He cupped his hand over the mouthpiece to relay the answer. “The man says he is missing his son.” Stern nodded. “Ask him when is the last time he saw his son.” Gonzalez asked. “He says a few days ago.” In the middle of the room, crosser 106 lay on the metal table. His clothing had been removed. He had been turned on his side. “Ask him if he can describe any tattoos his son has,” she told Gonzalez. “A scorpion,” Gonzalez responded. On the man’s back, a scorpion curved around his shoulder blade, with a name that looked as if it could belong to a wife or girlfriend. “With the name ‘Zoe,’ ” Gonzalez continued, listening to the father describe the tattoo on the other end. “Zoe is his little daughter.” Stern had asked the questions in careful order, not wanting to alarm someone unnecessarily. But now there was really only one more question to ask. She searched for the Mexican identification card that had been found with crosser 106. “Ask him what is his son’s name,” she said finally. “¿ Como se llama su hijo?” Gonzalez asked. He turned to Stern and spoke slowly and clearly. “His son’s name is Enoc David Vásquez Valverde.” She looked down at the card. “Tell them that unfortunately, we have his son here,” she said. Gonzalez did. The father accepted the news quietly, but he could hear the mother sobbing in the background. Their son had been found, in the brushland, less than 24 hours after he had texted his wife that he was making the crossing. “Tell him the Mexican Consulate will call him,” Stern said, explaining that it was the consulate who would help figure out how to send their son’s remains back to them. Gonzalez hung up the phone. Stern finished her work, removed her gloves, began filling in papers. “Enoc David Vásquez Valverde,” she said, repeating the name Gonzalez had just given her, the one belonging to the man who had once been border crosser 106. She had an ending. It was a sad one, but it was an ending and it was the best she could do. REJUVENATION OF LIFE: Corinne Stern combats the weariness of her job by spending time with the animals she raises on her ranch. “I surround myself with life all the time,” she says. “It’s the only way.” (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) Manuel Roig-Franzia in Washington contributed to this report. classic-apps Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters classic-apps Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Monica Hesse is a staff writer for the Post Style section. She frequently writes about culture, the Web and the intersection of the two. Follow @MonicaHesse Ricky Carioti is a staff photographer at The Washington Post. Follow @cariotir 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ after cast’s message to Pence 2 Pentagon and intelligence community chiefs have urged Obama to remove the head of the NSA 3 Why Trump gets theater completely and utterly wrong 4 Trump meets with Romney in N.J. as he forms his Cabinet 5 ‘I voted for Trump! You lost!’: White Starbucks customer accuses barista of ‘discrimination’ Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president-elect. Jan 1, 1970 Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game classic-apps Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Contests e-Edition Obits 4° Cloudy Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Rockets Warriors BC Games NFL UBCO Heat Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs Connect with Us     News Salvation Army Kettle campaign underway Tamara Faitala, volunteer coordinator for the Salvation Army Central Okanagan (right), and Dorothy Moreno, events coordinator and executive assistant. — image credit: Barry Gerding/Kelowna Capital News     by  Barry Gerding - Kelowna Capital News Kelowna  posted Nov 19, 2016 at 9:00 AM This Christmas season will mark the 9th year that Joanne Bradford has donated her time to ring the Christmas Kettle bells for the Salvation Army in the Central Okanagan. Bradford is part of a seniors' group called the Meadlowlarks, all residents of the Ranch Park seniors' mobile home park in Ellison. She said the park's social club, the Meadowlarks, support the Salvation Army's Christmas campaign to bring a little cheer to families in need this holiday season. "I believe in what the Salvation Army does for people. That's why I'm here and why our social club supports doing this," said Bradford, doing her first 2-hour shift at the Kettle Pot set up at the entrance to the Kelowna Wal-Mart store. Bradford said the Meadowlarks will fill in eight days of shifts at Kettle locations. "We are all getting a little older so we can't all do as much as could in the past but we do what we can," said Bradford as she acknowledged her first donation of the day for $5 from a Wal-Mart shopper entering the store. Pastor Darryl Burry said its the enthusiasm of Bradford and the many others who man about 5,000 volunteer hours at the 20 Christmas Kettle locations across the Central Okanagan that allow for fundraising target of $750,000 to be achievable. Last year, the campaign raised $752,000. "The Central Okanagan is one of the highest fundraising target areas in all of Canada," said Burry. "If you look at Calgary, their target is set at $1 million, and we are at $750,000, so it is significant how much support our area provides to our campaign." Burry added that the Central Okanagan is one of the most generous communities he has been involved with for donating to needy families at Christmas, this being his third Christmas Kettle campaign here. "We set a high target here because of the need and because of the tremendous support we receive." Along with the Kettle donations, the Salvation Army assisted close to 600 local families through the Christmas  Food & Toy Program, and was able to provide something under the tree for 1,100 children through the toy program. All the donations collected at Christmas are able to extend well into the new year to help families in need on various levels—but the growing need is cutting into how far those food and cash donations can be extended. "Typically, our food donations used to carry us well into June of the next year, but this past year it got us to April," said Burry, reflecting on Kelowna's perception of a wealthy community doesn't always fit with the economic downturn realities of an increasing number of families. "We are always open to more volunteers helping out during the Christmas campaign because the need is great," he said. The Kettle bell ringers will be manning two-hour shifts from now until Christmas Eve. To volunteer you time to help out, email kettles@kelsa.ca or call 250-860-2329. We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Kettle Campaign in full swing (November 18, 2016) Michaels: Go to the ATM and show some love for those ringing bells for the Salvation Army (December 18, 2015) Fundraising shortfall for Salvation Army (December 16, 2015) Mystery donor drops annual $1,000 into Morgantown kettle (December 20, 2015) Saskatchewan election campaign officially underway (March 08, 2016) Central Okanagan Salvation Army reaches fundraising goals (January 15, 2016) Salvation Army looking to address Central Okanagan's Christmas needs (November 14, 2016) After another setback, Rubio sees salvation in Florida (March 09, 2016) You might like ... Community Events, November 2016 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 Kelowna Capital News Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Rockets Warriors BC Games NFL UBCO Heat Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2016  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> Local News Broward News South Florida's opioid overdose crisis: At least 800 expected to die by end of 2016 South Florida's opioid pandemic Remember flakka, the drug that made some users tear off their clothes and run naked through the streets? That was nothing, experts say. Remember flakka, the drug that made some users tear off their clothes and run naked through the streets? That was nothing, experts say. Mike ClaryContact ReporterSun Sentinel Death toll from South Florida's opioid drug crisis continues to rise, could hit 800 by end of the year Privacy Policy The man in his late 30s, dressed in shorts, an open shirt and barefoot, lay face down on the pavement outside the front door of Wal-Mart. He had been dumped out of a car and was not moving. His skin was a blue-gray. He looked dead. With all five available units from Fort Lauderdale Fire Rescue Station 2 on other calls, including two for other suspected heroin overdoses, Rescue 47 from a station nearby was sent siren wailing to the store in the 2000 block of West Broward Boulevard. When paramedics climbed out of the truck at 1:32 p.m. on a Wednesday, bystander Sharon Jones stepped forward. "He's got track marks and blood on his arm," Jones told them. "I couldn't find a pulse." Similar scenes are happening every day across the nation. The U.S. is in the grip of an opioid epidemic, and the outbreak is raging in South Florida. Every two hours, someone in southern Florida suffers an overdose from heroin, a lethal synthetic heroin called fentanyl or a similar powerful painkiller, according to federal officials. Federal lawmakers hold discussion on heroin in Bradenton U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio and Rep. Vern Buchanan, both of whom are running for re-election, will gather at a roundtable discussion at Manatee Memorial Hospital to talk about the heroin and opioid epidemic. The Bradenton Herald reports (http://bit.ly/2etS5bv) the meeting will be held at noon on Monday.... U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio and Rep. Vern Buchanan, both of whom are running for re-election, will gather at a roundtable discussion at Manatee Memorial Hospital to talk about the heroin and opioid epidemic. The Bradenton Herald reports (http://bit.ly/2etS5bv) the meeting will be held at noon on Monday....Read the story It is projected that by the end of this year, the 12-month total of those who have died of drug overdoses involving heroin and other opiates will exceed 800 in Broward, Palm Beach and Miami-Dade counties, according to data from South Florida medical examiners. Remember flakka, the drug that made some users tear off their clothes and run naked through the streets? That was nothing, experts and local cops say. "I have never seen it like this, ever," said Lt. Ozzy Tianga, a veteran Broward Sheriff's Office detective. "Nothing comes close. I have never seen as much heroin as I'm seeing now. It's tremendous." South Florida has often been the epicenter of runaway drug abuse. In the 1980s it was cocaine, and then crack cocaine. Last decade narcotics like oxycodone turned Broward County into the nation's "pill mill" capital. Flakka and other synthetics known as bath salts had a run over the last couple of years. Now South Florida, along with New England, New Jersey, Ohio and Southern Appalachia, is among the national hot spots for heroin, and the synthetic opioids fentanyl and the even more dangerous carfentanil, potent enough to knock down an elephant, according to Jim Hall, an epidemiologist at Nova Southeastern University who has studied South Florida's drug market for decades and tracks national drug use trends. "This is a wake up call for America," Hall said. "An epidemic is one more case than expected, and we're seeing thousands of cases." In recent weeks, South Florida officials have sounded an alarm about the drug crisis, repeating stark warnings from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration about the perils of fentanyl and carfentanil, both so potent they can be fatal if inhaled or come in contact with the skin of first responders such as paramedics. Animals are not immune. In October three dogs with the Broward Sheriff's Office K-9 unit working a search in a suspected Lauderhill drug house became ill with overdose-like symptoms. Chances are growing that heroin or cocaine bought on the streets of South Florida could be laced with carfentanil, the newest of the sythentic opioids used as a cheap and powerful additive. If it is present, "there's a very high chance you will die," said Craig Mallak, Broward's chief medical examiner. Overdose deaths pile up Last year, 159 people died from overdoses of heroin or synthetic heroin in Broward County. Of those about half involved fentanyl, often given to cancer patients for pain and up to 50 times more potent that heroin alone. This year deaths involving fentanyl are up by more than 200 percent over 2015, according to Mallak. In Palm Beach County, things are even worse, with the death toll from overdoses outpacing that in Broward by about 2 to 1. Of more than 300 overdose deaths recorded in 2015, fentanyl was a factor in 93, according to statistics from the Palm Beach Medical Examiner's office. This year the death toll from drug overdoses in Palm Beach County is projected to top 400, with the majority of cases involving opioids, said chief medical examiner Michael Bell. "We're getting inundated by these cases," he said. "What people think they're buying is heroin, but they are getting a combination" that often includes fentanyl. In Miami-Dade County, there have been 228 overdose deaths due to fentanyl and carfentanil so far this year, a three-fold increase from 2015. Of those, 107 have involved overdoses from carfentanil since July 1, according to the medical examiner's office. On the front lines of the epidemic are the firefighter-paramedics of Fort Lauderdale Fire Rescue Station 2, in September named by Firehouse Magazine the busiest firehouse in the nation. Last year units from the station at 528 NW 2nd St. went out on more than 33,000 calls, an average of 90 a day. Increasingly, those calls are dispatched as "sick person," and that often means a drug overdose. Police are often not involved, and Florida law prohibits criminal charges from being filed for possession of a controlled substance if the drugs were found as a result of an overdose and need for medical assistance. Throughout Broward and Palm Beach counties, paramedics are running hard just to keep up, and spraying so much naloxone — a drug that blocks the effects of heroin and revives overdose patients — up the noses of comatose addicts that they are busting the budgets. "A routine call we get now is a guy not breathing and he's blue," said Station 2 firefighter Keith Costa. "It is not often that a 35-year-old goes into cardiac arrest. So you're thinking overdose." On those routine overdose calls, Costa and his colleagues find victims in bed, slumped over toilets, sprawled on the floor or passed out on the street. They hook the patient up to a cardiac monitor, maybe slap an oxygen mask on their faces, and after checking pulse and the dilation of their eyes, shoot 2 milligrams of Narcan — the brand name of naloxone — into their nostrils. Then the paramedics brace for projectile vomiting or an outbreak of wakeful combativeness. Paramedics also get used to seeing repeat customers. "It's disturbing," Costa said. "We actually ran a young male, got him to to the hospital, and 12 hours later he was found dead. It's tough to see that cycle." The man loaded into the ambulance in front of Wal-Mart was saved. It took three doses of Narcan, but by the time Rescue 47 arrived at Broward Health Medical Center he was sitting up on the stretcher. And unlike many overdose patients revived by paramedics, he did not blame them for spoiling his high. He had a smile on his face. "What did you do, heroin?" Battalion Chief Gregory May asked him. "Quarter bag," the man said. How are you feeling? May asked. "Good," he said. "Thanks for saving my life." As the man was wheeled into the emergency room, a paramedic arriving on another truck commented aloud: "He'll be back." 'We were all so hopeful' Paramedics don't always get there in time. They did not get there in time to save Allen Timm. In his late 40s, Timm was a longtime addict found unresponsive and with a syringe in his hand in the bathroom of a West Davie Boulevard halfway house earlier this year. Timm had been discharged from a rehabilitation facility just 18 hours before he died from what the ME's office said was an overdose of fentanyl. "That is the power of addiction," said Betty Peterson of Timm, her eldest child. "It is just so rough when it has a hold on you." Like so many relatives or friends of those caught up in the culture of drug abuse, Peterson never stopped trying to help her son, or hoping that this time he could stay clean. She recalled that when he got out of rehab in January, she took him to get new clothes and toiletries. She got his bicycle out of the pawn shop and recovered one of his guitars. "It was a new beginning, and he seemed so excited for a new life," said Peterson, of Miramar. "He was all set up with everything you would need to start again. But the drug people were after him, and he immediately started using." Heartbreak and loss In a crisis like this, the stories of heartbreak pile up, one atop another. Over the weekend of Aug. 12-13, six people in Broward County died of opioid overdoses, according to Mallak. One of those fatalities was Christopher Cox, 28. Another was Robert Wentzel, 24, called Ben. Both came to Broward County to enter treatment programs. "We were all so hopeful when he left for Florida," said Rebecca Wentzel Kniceley, of Lorain, Ohio. Ben was her only child. "He was very excited about going and made all the arrangements himself," she said. After his arrival in November, Wentzel went through detox and then found a room in a Fort Lauderdale sober house, a group home for recovering addicts. He later moved to an apartment with a roommate and started working in a bar on South Andrews Avenue. "He was making pretty good money," his mother said. Although he seemed to be doing well, Kniceley said she now knows that Ben was struggling with anxiety, drinking, using Xanax and battling demons that had plagued him since high school. Wentzel was found dead on a couch in his apartment, where investigators discovered syringes, Xanax and marijuana, the ME's office said. About 10 hours later, Cox was found unresponsive in a halfway house on Northeast 27th Street in Wilton Manors. He was on the floor, a baggie of white powdery residue nearby. "When we were younger, he seemed like a teenage boy withdrawing," said Cox's twin sister, Lyndsey Cox, of Newark, Del., where they were raised. Cox began drinking and using drugs such as oxycodone as a teen, dropped out of college and found work in a bar, his sister said. But when he began using heroin and "behaving angrily," Lyndsey Cox said, the family held an intervention. Her brother agreed to rehab and in December checked into a Lauderdale-by-the-Sea treatment center. "He seemed committed to treatment, and we felt we did get him back," Lyndsey Cox said. "He was working the steps." In July the family visited South Florida so the twins could celebrate their birthday together. "He was healthy, had put on weight, enjoyed his job," Cox said. "We went to the beach, out to dinner." So what happened? "I don't know if it was anything in particular that made him want to use again," Cox said. "Maybe he got frustrated and it was a reaction. Addiction is a disease; it changes the composition of your brain." 'The devil's drug' Heather Munro can attest to the powerful allure of opiates. At 38 she is a recovering addict who remembers her last dance with fentanyl about 15 months ago. With her daughter in the car, she and an ex-boyfriend pulled over to the side of State Road 84 to shoot up drugs they had just bought in Miami. Munro said she got out to fetch a diaper from the car's trunk, and that's the last thing she remembers. Paramedics found her passed out in the trunk, her ex-boyfriend unconscious in the car, the needle still in his arm. "I had a 1-year-old in the car," said Munro, who was raised in Davie. "But heroin is the devil's drug. You could be the best person in the world, but even before you use what you have you start worrying about the next fix, and the next one, the one after that." After that episode, Munro went to jail for three months, lost custody of her child and entered a Pembroke Pines treatment center. "Jail was the best thing that could have happened to me," Munro said. "I couldn't get out, couldn't pass go, I just sat there. It was rough love." Now employed, with her own apartment in Lauderdale Lakes, Munro has regained custody of her daughter and rekindled relationships with two older children from whom she was estranged. She has hope. "To others like me, I would say, go get help. I know you're in dark place right now, probably feel life doesn't mean anything to you, nobody cares about you, you probably burned all your bridges with family and friends," Munro said. "I had nobody, my family hated me, had no friends, just the people I used with, who weren't friends at all," she said. "I had no drive to live anymore. I figured I was just a junkie and would die a junkie. "But I learned you can do it if you want to. It's real. We do recover." 'It's like whack-a-mole' How South Florida's current drug crisis ends is not clear. In July Congress passed the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, expanding access to drugs to treat heroin overdoses and encourage treatment over incarceration. But while the bill authorized up to $181 billion in spending, only a fraction of that money was actually provided. "We have a highly addicted population, and we are a destination for recovery," said Heather Davidson, prevention specialist for the United Way of Broward's Commission on Substance Abuse. "So it's like whack-a-mole: You get one drug down and another pops up." Both Davidson and Hall fear that things will get worse before they get better. "The numbers [of overdoses] will continue to go up, and that's the immediate crisis," Davidson said. "How to triage these individuals, and then get them into treatment?" Hall emphasized the need for health care practitioners to be more cautious in prescribing opioids. He also called for an expansion of treatment opportunities covered by insurance. "It's shocking what's going on, and it's time we sound the alarm," Davidson said. "Maybe all the attention and the personal stories will call attention to this. Because I think people are hungry for solutions." mwclary@sunsentinel.com Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Medical Research Crime Broward Health Medical Center Mike Stocker Sun Sentinel Heroin dealer linked to near-fatal overdose bragged on Facebook about escape, feds say sober homes All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 75°
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Internal document shows US chicken prices may have been artificially inflated for years The Washington Post 1 day ago Peter Whoriskey Click to expand Replay Video New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Embattled bank Wells Fargo announced this week that new account openings fell by 44 percent in the month October and new credit card applications have fallen by over 50 percent. New figures released show that foot traffic to branches is also down, with "branch banker interactions" down 22 percent from 2015. The figures come in the wake of a sales practice scandal that triggered multiple lawsuits, an enormous $185 million fine and the resignation of the company's longtime CEO John Stumpf. Wochit Business Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric Amazon's latest commercial targets anti-Muslim rhetoric by highlighting commonalities between a priest and an imam. CNN Money 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 The house that inspired the 1979 horror film “The Amityville Horror” has reportedly been sold after a listing of $850,00. The 5,000 square-foot home, which was built in 1927, boasts five bedrooms, three-and-a-half bathrooms, a boathouse and a slip and supposedly, plenty of demons. According to real estate site Redfin, the seller bought the property back in 2010 for $950,000, way below the asking price $1.15 million. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Wochit Business0:51 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money1:03 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 Wochit News0:45 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 5 tips to help you save this holiday season Entrepreneur2:46 Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 UP NEXT If you thought you were paying fair prices for chicken at the supermarket, think again. Now even a key player doubts their accuracy. In the vast and complicated U.S. economy, it is rare for an individual to exert much control over the price of a major commodity. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.54 -0.65 -0.94% Pilgrims Pride Corp PPC ▼ 18.31 -0.30 -1.61% Sanderson Farms Inc SAFM ▼ 81.04 -0.98 -1.19% Tyson Foods Inc TSN ▲ 67.36 +0.66 +0.99% But then there is Arty G. Schronce and the price of chicken. As director of a bulletin from the Georgia Department of Agriculture, Schronce makes a weekly calculation that gives supermarkets around the country the going rate for a pound of chicken. The price average from Schronce directly affects what big retailers such as Walmart and Safeway pay for chicken — it’s often built into supermarket purchasing contracts — and that price is then passed along to shoppers. It has, in other words, affected billions of dollars in purchases. But has it been accurate? Recently, this influential estimate has drawn questions about whether it artificially inflated chicken prices and elicited scrutiny from the U.S. Agriculture Department. Now it turns out that even Schronce has harbored serious doubts about its accuracy, according to an internal document from the Georgia Department of Agriculture obtained by The Washington Post. Over the past two years, the price estimate, known within the industry as the “Georgia Dock,” has drifted significantly upward from other chicken price averages, rising about 20 percent or more out of line with a separate but lesser known index maintained by the USDA. A deviation in supermarket chicken prices of that magnitude would have cost U.S. grocery shoppers billions of dollars in recent years. Food price estimates such as the Georgia Dock affect the price of many perishable products — such as fruits, vegetables, nuts and livestock — because producers rely on them to set the terms of long-term contracts. Many of the price measures, used for decades, are products of long tradition.© Bob Andres/AP Photo The root of the trouble with the Georgia price estimate, as Schronce sees the matter, is that it is based on a price survey of eight anonymous chicken companies in the state, and he raised doubts whether those companies have been giving him accurate information. The chicken companies are not asked to show receipts or other documentation proving that their figures are accurate. “I have come to question the validity of some of the information provided,” he wrote in September in preparation for a meeting at the Georgia Department of Agriculture. “I do not think I am getting actual weighted average prices from some companies.” Schronce indicated in his memo that he had been contacted by an investigator from the antitrust division of the Florida attorney general. Moreover, in recent months, the USDA discontinued publishing the Georgia figure, citing its inability to verify the information. Poultry is big business in Georgia, with sales exceeding $4 billion annually. An upward bias in the chicken prices would increase revenue for those Georgia companies as well as any others that sell in the United States. Some of the nation’s largest chicken producers — including Tysons, Pilgrim’s Pride, Perdue and Sanderson Farms — have had plants in the state. As Schronce noted, the state’s poultry companies benefit from the Georgia Dock because it costs them nothing and yields prices that are seen as higher. Schronce did not respond to invitations to comment. The Georgia Department of Agriculture defended the accuracy of the influential price estimate and said that it is addressing the issues raised by Schronce’s document. “All of the concerns addressed in the document are now being addressed internally,” spokesperson Julie McPeake said in a statement. “It is our responsibility at the Georgia Department of Agriculture to report the data we have received from the companies consistently and accurately.” McPeake said the Georgia Dock index reflects prices of a distinct type of bird and customer. For that reason, the index could have rightfully diverged from other chicken prices. “We trust the companies we work with,” Alec Asbridge, director of regulatory compliance at Georgia Department of Agriculture, said earlier this month. “We don’t see any reason they would submit information that wasn’t truthful.” The Georgia Dock, which has been around for decades, is influential because so many grocery chains use it in their contracts with chicken companies. While many chicken companies and retailers are secretive about how they set prices for buying and selling chicken, some very large players have acknowledged that the Georgia Dock is the basis of, or a factor in, the price they pay for chicken. “Over time, most retail grocery customers and their suppliers have come to trust the Georgia Dock whole bird price quoted weekly by the Georgia Department of Agriculture as the most reliable reflection of the supply and demand dynamics of the fresh chicken market,” officials at Sanderson Farms, one of the nation’s largest chicken producers, wrote to the SEC earlier this year. For all but one of Sanderson’s supermarket customers, the price is based on the Georgia Dock. Tyson Foods said a small portion of their supermarket contracts is “connected” to the Georgia Dock. A spokesman for Pilgrim’s Pride said that less than 5 percent of its sales are currently tied to the Georgia Dock, but company officials have repeatedly referred to the price index in calls with investors and analysts. Among supermarkets, Walmart, Safeway and others confirmed using the Georgia Dock, as well as other factors, when negotiating chicken prices. For all of its influence, however, the way it is calculated appears to have been somewhat haphazard. In the three-page document, entitled “Notes for meeting,” Schronce portrays himself as someone who was poorly prepared for the job of producing the index and who was treated contemptuously by the chicken companies from whom he was eliciting price information. Schronce came into the job of producing the estimate, part of the “Georgia Poultry Market News,” just a few years ago. He has previously authored a gardening blog, “Arty’s Garden,” for the Department of Agriculture and is seen in a Youtube video extolling the virtues of a native vine known as Carolina Jessamine. The blog describes him as “a lifelong gardener and a horticulture graduate of North Carolina State University.”© Provided by WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post Arty Schronce, a Georgia Department of Agriculture employee, calculates an important chicken price index every week but has come to doubt its accuracy. Photo credit: Georgia Department of Agriculture via youtube.com “My training was inadequate, inconsistent and sometimes in error,” Schronce wrote of his preparation for calculating the Georgia Dock. Moreover, the companies he was required to survey were surly and sometimes unresponsive. “I often received lackadaisical and rude responses to my requests for information,” Schronce wrote. Sometimes his calls were not returned, and sometimes the companies simply responded to his price questions with “just keep ’em the same.” Companies said they had provided accurate information when surveyed. Tysons said in a statement: “When the Georgia Department of Agriculture asks us for pricing data, we provide accurate information based on actual and recent transactions. We do not see the prices reported by our competitors to the Georgia Department of Agriculture.” Finally, the Schronce document suggests that the chicken industry may have too much sway over how the Georgia Department of Agriculture goes about computing the chicken price index. Georgia Agriculture Commissioner Gary Black, who was president of the Georgia Agribusiness Council, lobbied for the agriculture industry for years before winning election in November 2010. Schronce questioned the role that an advisory board composed of poultry industry executives has in shaping the chicken price estimate. “I have questions about the ‘Advisory Board’ and its role over an office of a state regulatory agency that is supposed to be independent,” Schronce wrote. “I was told I could not make any changes without clearing them with the Advisory Board.” He added he has “voiced concerns in the past.” McPeake, of the Georgia Department of Agriculture, said a review process began in December 2015 after “serious concerns” emerged. She said that while Schronce’s training “may have been abridged due to unfortunate and unforeseen circumstances, every effort was made to ensure that he was indeed trained on some level.” “I took and continue to take this job very seriously,” Schronce wrote. “However, my concern and my efforts can no longer overcome the diminished knowledge and experience and the inadequate staffing at both the Georgia Department of Agriculture and the reporting poultry companies.” Go to MSN Home More in Money 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Washington Post In Syria’s Aleppo, Shiite militias point to Iran’s unparalleled influence The Washington Post Let’s bring back earmarks, please The Washington Post Five rules for the resistance The Washington Post Donald Trump takes a new US policy position in the heat of the moment The Washington Post The Washington Post View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
It's On MyTV Everything on TV Menu Skip to content Breaking News Sports NFL MLB NBA COLLEGE Football NHL Boxing NCAAB PGA Tennis SOCCER Reality TV Technology World Search for: Walmart Black Friday 2016 Spectacle and Ads: Doorbuster deals, 1-hour guarantee, TV DEALS November 20, 2016Business and Shoppingblack friday 2016, black friday ads, black friday at walmart, walmart ads 2016, walmart black friday 2016 ads, walmart black friday ads, walmart online deals, walmart opening hoursHarlan Busto Few days from now, Walmart’s stores are opening with a big wave of saving and discounts of thousands of items for the Black Friday Shoppers The excitement rises as Wal-mart has already launched its Black Friday ads for 2016. Absolutely, Walmart remains the biggest store in in the Black Friday shopping spree. At first, Walmart’s ads leaked in the web early for the shoppers to grasp what’s inside the store on Black Friday. Walmart is one of the most avidly awaited Black Friday ads of the season, and for some great reasons. While many retailers offer not more than few doorbuster deals on electronics, Walmart is an outlier. Year after year, they don’t fail to impress the buyer with their blown away deals and 2016 is no exception. Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad sales include 50% more innovative inventory compare to last year, so that buyers expectations are met! To the curb the demand for high-end doorbuster deals, Walmart once again will shell out wristbands (distribution time vary from one place to other) so that buyers are sure to get what they want. This year they have also added 1-Hour Guaranteed slot and store map for higher convenience of shoppers. People with Walmart will have exclusive deals including Hitachi 65″ 4K Ultra HDTV for $599 and Cricut Explore One Special Edition Bluetooth Bundle for $169.00, so make sure you download the Walmart app for free. Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad sales begin at 6PM on Thanksgiving and online sale begin at 12am on 24th November. Deals on gaming consoles are one best we have seen at Walmart Black Friday. After reducing $50 on the original price Walmart is offering Xbox One S 500GB Battlefield 1 Bundle at $249 only. Bundle fans can take advantage of buying Xbox 360 500GB Forza Horizon 2 Bundle at $129 only which was $50 higher. There are assortment of products at $39 including Xbox One White (Black option) Controller, Lego Dimensions Starter Pack (PS4), Playstation 4 Controller (Assorted Designs) and Skylanders Starter Pack (PS4) all comes after huge price cut. Only Walmart can offer you Call of Duty Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition (PS4) (XONE option) at $57 (was $79) and a special buy of Call of Duty Black Ops Collection (X360) (PS4 Option) at $25 each. We have not seen such huge collection of titles starting from $8 as available at Walmart. You can buy Call Of Duty Ghosts (X360) and many such titles at $8 (open to buy now at $7.60 with Walmart Website). For some other great titles look at the range of special buy comprising Overwatch Origins Edition (PS4), NHL 17 (PS4) and more at $35. Under the toys range, Walmart has done great work to steal the show. You will find Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage at $74 ($14 savings) and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles RC Mikey at $39 ($10 savings). More great deals on Toys from Walmart have RC 1:6 Scale Raptor at $49, Ground Breakers Trucks (2-pk.) at $20, The Corps! Elite Airplane at $25 and many more you can explore to find the best! Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Post navigation ← GameStop Special Savings Black Friday 2016 ads: Gamers can enjoy plenty of discounts thru doorbusters, DealPlus and reward points Kohl’s Spectacular Black Friday Ads enthrall shoppers: Opening hours, Online Deals, Holiday Savings are available → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. HEADLINES NewEgg Black Friday 2016 ads and Flyers: Great Deals on desktop computer, tablet, laptop November 20, 2016 Kmart’s Spectacular Black Friday ads excites customers: K-mart reward program, Online Sales and Christmas Specials November 20, 2016 Like Us On Facebook Pages About US Contact US Privacy Policy blogging November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Proudly powered by WordPress
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 2 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Exploring a new frontier this holiday shopping season: Virtual reality The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Illustration by Dan Matutina for The Washington Post By Hayley Tsukayama November 18 Follow @htsuka It is a sad truth for technology enthusiasts that it’s almost the end of 2016, and we still don’t have flying cars, a moon colony or fully functional robot butlers. But there is at least one sci-fi technology that is aiming to make a breakthrough into your living room: virtual reality. Companies big and small are betting that holiday shoppers will get the appeal of being able to pop on a headset and immerse their eyes and ears — and sometimes their hands and feet — in another world. Google, Sony, Samsung, Facebook and HTC are among the major manufacturers that have put virtual reality products, mostly for playing games, on the market in the past several months. And retailers such as Walmart and Best Buy are building the excitement by setting up demonstration areas in their stores so consumers can get a good feel for these unfamiliar devices. “For most people . . . this will be their first real opportunity to play with or experience virtual reality,” said Clifton Dawson, chief executive of the market research firm Greenlight VR. “What is really important here is the reaction we’ll see from consumers who walk in these stores and get educated about it for the first time.” That could make this holiday season a critical period for VR, which is trying to prove it’s not just a gimmick like some gaming trends before it. (Remember the Wii and the Kinect?) Research firm IDC estimates that consumers — particularly gamers — will snap up 9.6 million virtual reality headsets by the end of the year, spending about $2.6 billion. Gamers, Dawson said, are an obvious key market to watch but so are those looking to use the virtual reality headsets for a family purchase, to replace screen time spent together on the computer to share funny videos or websites, or watching television. Greg Hall, Walmart’s senior vice president for entertainment, said he expects that gaming will remain tech’s big draw in the near term — but people are “warming up” to virtual reality. “We like the growth,” he said. “We like VR and think it’s got some nice legs for us.” The full potential of the virtual reality market is still quite a few years away, analysts say. And, in a reversal of the timeline that characterized technologies such as desktops, laptops and cellphones, the appetite for virtual reality is expected to start with average people buying them for their own personal use before the devices break into the business world. Greenlight VR believes the trend will be driven by consumer adoption through 2019, but that applications for business — including education, training and telecommuting — will start to make up the lion’s share of the market after that. The company projects that VR will become a $36 billion industry within the next decade. A two-tiered market Given how early in the VR trend we are, there’s a surprising variety of virtual reality headsets on the market. They come in two main types: Some are self-contained and are used primarily for high-end video games; they allow you to step completely into the virtual world and interact with it. Others work only with your smartphone, and are better suited to passively viewing specially designed 360-degree photos and videos — a super-modern update of the 19th-century stereoscopes that used to show kids slides of the wider world. If you’re skeptical of virtual reality but are intrigued by more immersive digital experiences, you may want to consider one of the latter type — say the Google Cardboard viewer. It works with smartphones up to six inches high and costs just $15. Other manufacturers are selling cardboard viewers online for even less — some as little as $5. These are good stocking stuffers for those who want to dip a toe in the virtual reality world, or for families with lots of kids who all want their own viewers. (There’s a reason Google has marketed these heavily to classrooms.) News organizations and other outlets post photos and videos for Google Cardboard on social media, and there are also apps for Android and iOS that work with the viewer to send users on virtual trips around the world, for example, or put them on stage with Paul McCartney in concert. For a little more polish, you can step up to something like the Google Daydream View or the Samsung Gear VR, which still run off the smartphone but provide a higher-quality experience. The Daydream View, Google’s $79 cloth and plastic headset, also comes with a remote that will let you play and interact with some basic games. And it’s much more comfortable to use — it stays put on your head with a strap, so you don’t have to hold it up. The Samsung Gear VR is also powered by a smartphone, but it has to be a Galaxy smartphone — specifically, the Galaxy S6 and newer models. With a touch-sensitive control pad on the side of the goggles, the Gear VR is a better choice for light gaming and has a number of high-profile titles including “Minecraft.” At $99, it’s far pricier than a cardboard reader, but it’s a far better experience. Getting serious If you’re super-serious and want something that actually lets you interact with the digital world, there are essentially three headset models to choose from: the HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR and the Oculus Rift. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. Both the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift will require connection to a high-end personal computer to work properly — a computer that itself could cost users at least $1,000 to put together if they don’t have a VR-ready computer already. There are some hidden costs as well. The $799 HTC Vive, for example, does an amazing job of tricking your senses into believing that you’re in a digital world. You really feel as if you can interact with the virtual environment, and several clever software tricks mean that you don’t ever find yourself groping blind for a dropped game controller. One reason it’s so effective is it gives you a lot of in-world space in which to move, and a lot of sensors with which to track those movements. The downside? You have to give up a lot of real-world space: a suggested minimum of 5 feet by 6.5 feet. You’ll also have to find room to plug in seven pieces of equipment: the computer, monitor, headset, chargers and sensors. That’s fine for a man-cave, but not so much for a studio apartment. The $599 Rift doesn’t require as much space. In fact, some of its best experiences take place when you’re seated, which means it can be used in a normal office or living room. Its pair of hand controllers, called the Oculus Touch, also let you interact smoothly with the digital world, though they’re not always quite as sensitive — or easy to find when dropped — as those of the Vive. The Rift shines, however, in the overall quality of its software. As one of the first companies to raise mainstream awareness of virtual reality, Oculus took pains to minimize some of the more unpleasant side effects of moving through a VR world, with rock-solid tracking that should keep all but the most sensitive player from feeling too much motion sickness. Finally, Sony’s PlayStation VR has the advantage of working automatically with the PlayStation 4 and the newly released PlayStation 4 Pro. That means it doesn’t require an extra computer and runs off the game console that its target audience knows and probably already owns. Among these three high-end headsets, PlayStation VR is also the most comfortable to wear for long periods of time. And it’s just $400 — though you’ve already paid a few hundred for your PlayStation. If you really want to buy a VR headset but are still having trouble figuring out what works for you, don’t forget to compare each headset’s unique catalog of games first, to narrow down their options. Or you could take a year or two to think about it. While the hype machine is in full force right now, and consumers are responding, that doesn’t mean that failing to buy a VR headset this year will make you the lamest house on the block. Even VR evangelists don’t see the technology truly becoming mainstream for another couple of years, and that’s if all goes well. So if you postpone the decision, you may not be on the cutting edge this holiday season; but you may also save yourself some money and space if the analysts’ forecasts are wrong. business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 2 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 For foreign diplomats, Trump hotel is place to be 2 The real secret to Asian American success was not education 3 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 4 Trump’s pick for attorney general: ‘Good people don’t smoke marijuana’ 5 The real story behind that exaggerated Ford tweet from Donald Trump Market Watch DJIA -0.19% NASDAQ -0.23% Get quote Last Update: 11/20/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Hatchimals: The Best Stores To Find Eggs Posted: Nov 19 2016, 6:17am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 19 2016, 3:22pm CST, in News | Holiday Gift Guide   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Hatchimals don't teach kids how to code, but they are the hottest holiday toy of the year. There are plenty of Holiday toy robots on the market that would teach your kids how to code, but all they want apparently is a Hatchimals Egg. The Hatchimals surfaced in stores in October and have rapidly evolved in the hottest Holiday toy. Youtube is to blame for the hype around Hatchimals in a big way. Toy Maker underestimated the demand and can't make enough Hatchimals for the Holidays. Don't Miss: The Black Friday 2016 Deals on Sale Now Update 3:54pm ET: Walmart just sold new Hatchimals inventory online at walmart.com. It was a big burst featuring stock of Pink Penguala, Burtle, and Draggle. I was able to bag two in the shopping cart. This was a sizable sale, but it still sold out in one minute. The Draggle lasted for two minutes. Walmart is apparently still selling Hatchimals online despite the upcoming Black Friday sale on Thanksgiving. At least there is still new inventory showing up each day reportedly in stores and over the past weeks online stores have offered almost every day a limited inventory. Nintendo is not even able to supply new NES Classic Edition inventory a week after the sell-out launch. The chances to find a Hatchimals in stock are much higher than finding a NES Classic in stock. Just this morning there have been Penguala Hatchimals in stock at ToysRUs online. Because of the rarity of new online inventory, the Hatchimals have sold out in mere seconds. As reported, we believe scalpers have also tasked their bot scripts to harvest Hatchimals.  Your best bet to find Hatchimals in stock this morning is at your local mall. Walmart, Target and ToysRUs stores have reportedly been getting new inventory on a daily basis. One of our reporters visited a Target Store this week to talk about the Hatchimals stock situation and to find out how parents can get their hands on a Hatchimals egg at Target. Another report confirmed that Walmart stores are getting new Hatchimals daily. The best strategy is to visit your local Walmart, Target and ToysRUs stores early in the morning. It is best to show up before the doors open, to not miss a potention overnight restocking of Hatchimals. In case there is empty shelf space where the Hatchimals are supposed to be, ask store employees when the store is restocking Hatchimals. This method is your best chance to find Hatchimals right now. You might be meeting your local Hatchimals prospectors when you show up at the time the Hatchimals get restocked. These people make about $150 profit in reselling Hatchimals on amazon.com. We have put together an extensive Hatchimals shopping guide that features a list of all stores known to potentially have Hatchimals in stock. Walmart has advertised Hatchimals in the Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad. The retailer will be forced now to stock Hatchimals in each of their stores for Thanksgiving to not suffer a huge backlash from customers. There have been reports about Hatchimals not hatching or stop working. Most of these customer reports stem from October, but there is a chance that the Hatchimals will not hatch or work on Christmas when your kids unwrap them. There could though be a simple solution to the problem. Spin Master released a video that explains everthing you need to know about Hatchimals and how to use them. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Microsoft Xbox One S Holiday TV Commercial Celebrates HDR Gaming 2 days ago, 12:41pm CST eBay Black Friday and Holiday Gift Goals Make Shopping Gifts More Social 3 days ago, 9:04am CST How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm 3 days ago, 6:04am CST Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 16 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 3 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Holiday Gift Guide Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Microsoft Xbox One S Holiday TV Commercial Celebrates HDR Gaming 2 days ago, 12:41pm CST eBay Black Friday and Holiday Gift Goals Make Shopping Gifts More Social 3 days ago, 9:04am CST How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm 3 days ago, 6:04am CST More Holiday Gift Guide Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 16 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Black Friday TV Deals To Grab Saturday At Walmart, Best Buy And Amazon Posted: Nov 19 2016, 8:24am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 19 2016, 1:13pm CST, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   The Saturday before Thanksgiving provides many of the advertised Black Friday 2016 TV deals. Black Friday has always been about TV deals. This year the overwhelming majority of deals is on 4K Ultra High Definition TVs. The top of the crop are HDR10 compatible televisions. Black Friday 2016 has deals on 4K TV without HDR that are comparable to deals on 1080p TVs a year ago and buyers can also save on the future proof 4K HDR TVs. Don't Miss: Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals Many of the advertised Black Friday 2016 TV deals are released early and on sale Saturday. Below are the TV deals on sale today at Walmart, Sam's Club, Best Buy and Amazon. Most of the listed deals are confirmed to not get any better in the Thanksgiving week. The top TV deal today is available in the Sam's Club Samsung Saturday if you like really big TVs. The 70-inch UN70KU630D 4K UHD Smart TV is on sale for $1,248 and customers get a free $150 Sam's Club gift card. We just added a new deal on a Samsung Smart TV available in the Walmart Pre-Black Friday sale. The 32" Samsung UN32J450 720p Smart TV is on sale for $157.99. Compare with deals on 32-inch Samsung Smart TVs on amazon.com. Amazon TV Deals $429.99 55" TCL 55US5800 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart TV $997 55" LG Electronics 55UH7700  4K Ultra HD Smart TV (HDR) $1,197 60" LG Electronics 60UH7700  4K Ultra HD Smart TV (HDR) $1,497 65" LG Electronics 65UH7700  4K Ultra HD Smart TV (HDR) $997.99 55" Samsung UN55KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV (HDR) $1,197.99 60" Samsung UN60KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV (HDR) $1,497.99 65" Samsung UN65KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV (HDR) Best Buy TV Deals $929.99 70" VIZIO E70-E3 4K UHD Chromecast TV $999.99 55" Samsung UN55KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV (HDR) $1,199.99 60" Samsung UN60KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV (HDR) $1,499.99 65" Samsung UN65KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV (HDR) Walmart TV Deals $97.99 32" ProScan PLDED3280A 720p 60Hz D-LED HDTV $157.99 32" Samsung UN32J450 720p Smart TV $277.99 40" Samsung UN40J6200 1080p Smart TV $577.99 60" Samsung UN60J6200 1080p Smart TV Sam's Club TV Deals $238 40" Samsung UN40J520 1080p Smart TV $698 55" Samsung UN55KU650D 4K UHD Curved TV /w 2.1 Samsung HW-JM4000C/ZA Curved Soundbar $978 55" Samsung UN55KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV $1,248 70" UN70KU630D 4K UHD Smart TV w/ $150 Gift Card find more deals in the Black Friday Deals Tracker, which helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year including thirty of the best TV deals. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 33 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 4 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 33 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 33 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video More Weather Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Remaking North Fort Myers means luring millennials, consultant says Once home to a Walmart store, Hancock Bridge Square on  U.S. 41 In North Fort Myers is now an array of vacant storefronts. Post to Facebook Remaking North Fort Myers means luring millennials, consultant says Once home to a Walmart store,  Hancock Bridge Square on  U.S. 41 In North Fort Myers is now an array of vacant storefronts.  Check out this story on news-press.com: http://newspr.es/2g83ZIP {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Remaking North Fort Myers means luring millennials, consultant says BILL SMITH , BSMITH@NEWS-PRESS.COM 9:05 a.m. EST November 19, 2016 North Fort Myers' future may lie in its transformation to a "downtown center" with white collar jobs and improved housing inspiring a commercial and cultural renaissance Buy Photo Looking south at Fort Myers from the North Shore Park. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. ItÕs a circle the county has been running in for years. (Photo: Andrea Melendez/The News-Press)Buy Photo Once the scene of parking lots filled with customers scurrying to a Walmart or the Kash N' Karry grocery, Hancock Bridge Square in North Fort Myers now offers little to lure people with money to spend. The once-thriving 14-acre shopping plaza on U.S. 41, south of Pondella Road, is now the scene of a sweeping array of vacant storefronts, spreading potholes and a depressed truck bay so steeped in stormwater run-off that it has turned into an algae-filled summer swimming hole. "We were told they're going to rebuild it; they're going to tear it down and build condos; they're going to bring Hancock Bridge Road through," said Debra Gadis, whose salon is the sole business at one end of the complex and one of only five that remain. There has been no reconstruction, no upgrades, and entering the parking lot in the rainy season is an act of faith that electrical components in one's vehicle are high enough off the ground to navigate steep puddles. Vacancies are testimony to the simple fact that there isn't enough money in the lower end of North Fort Myers to sustain the number of retail business that can fit along U.S. 41 and its business spur to the east. "We have a dead plaza in what you can consider a dead area with mobile homes and transients," Gadis said. An early draft of a county commissioned study of the area between U.S. 41 and Business 41, from the Caloosahatchee River to Pondella Road says the future of North Fort Myers may lie in its transformation from a center of struggling shopping plazas and long-abandoned franchise stores into a downtown-style business center spawning a decidedly white collar population of millennials with money to spend on their lifestyles. Waiting for people with disposable income to simply move in and start spending hasn't worked.  Today's residents of the trailer parks and bungalows that fill the side streets in the area spend their incomes on survival. "Many once-thriving businesses are in financial distress,vacancies are visibly prevalent and many properties are for sale," said the draft report from a consortium headed by DCG Corplan Consulting, a New Jersey-based economic development consulting firm. The preliminary report was made available to county officials last week. Buy Photo The entrance to one of several mobile home parks that sits just over the HWY 41 Bridge. Many mobile home parks can be found between 41 and business 41 all the way up to Pondella Road. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. ItÕs a circle the county has been running in for years.  (Photo: Andrea Melendez/news-press.com) "North Fort Myers should have emerged as a target for investment," the consultants claim. "But investor interest is lagging." Natural geography contributes an  "obvious site advantage," to North Fort Myers, as the twin U.S. 41 highways bring traffic through its commercial core, providing access to the Caloosahatchee and Edison bridges that frame a potentially idyllic riverfront expanse. It's a scene steeped in potential, offering North Shore Park as a riverfront destination. The views, though, are obscured by a patchwork of businesses, some gritty, some potential jewels, and many ravaged by time after the death of an entrepreneur's dream. The preliminary study predicts creation of office-oriented businesses that offer the prospect of  "modest growth" in retail business. It envisions a healthy increase in white collar occupations as the area's savior. Thriving businesses staffed by a millennial generation workforce would create demand for housing and services, the study suggests. The goal is "growth in management, business, science and arts occupations, helping the market for educational services, information technology, healthcare and real estate businesses, among others." Existing businesses, even those not struggling, see a benefit to new businesses luring people, even to new competitors. Buy Photo At the North Shore Park, Paige Dannenhauer of Fort Myers, works to prepare her sailboat for a lesson. She was part of the Eddison Sailing Center that meets in North Fort Myers today she was taking a sailing lesson, other days she helps instruct. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. Its a circle the county has been running in for years.  (Photo: Andrea Melendez/The News-Press) "We would love to see some offices and businesses come up, it makes sense," said John Browning, who operates the Three Fishermen restaurant in the Best Western Hotel on North Key Drive. "You're not only adjacent to downtown Fort Myers, but property prices would be much less than over there." Browning, a veteran Lee County restaurateur, says the Best Western was booked "earlier and fuller" for the tourist season than in recent years. He sees creation of a healthy permanent economy in North Fort Myers as something that will help all  businesses '"Season is going to happen, no matter what," he said.  "Creating destinations is huge in marketing areas." THE NEWS-PRESS Vacant stores adding up in North Fort Myers Bringing a permanent population to North Fort Myers would augment those already living in waterfront towers and a large gated community on Hancock Bridge Parkway. "Not a lot of folks live around there," said District 4 County Commissioner Brian Hamman, who represents the area.  "Folks travel through — from North Fort Myers and Cape Coral to downtown." Hamman, who requested the study, noted that many of the vacant storefronts were vacant even before the recession. He says, however, even the "really great suggestions require some discussion of how deeply government should get involved. "I'm on the limited government side of the spectrum," Hamman said. "Government has a real role to build infrastructure and cut red tape to create the right conditions so that private enterprises would want to buy and invest in the area." Business owners thirst for a year-round population that would drive business 12 months a year. David White, a Massachusetts transplant, operates a combined mattress store and dry cleaning depot in a plaza on the western side of Cleveland Avenue because he thought it fills a need that isn't necessarily seasonal. Buy Photo Business owner, David White, of Sunshine Cleaners and Mattress Store, in North Fort Myers is hoping his business will pick up and talked about what he would like to see happen in North Fort Myers. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. It's a circle the county has been running in for years.  (Photo: Andrea Melendez/The News-Press) "I thought (U.S.) 41 would help with the mattress business, but it needs more," White said, noting the slow business in the off-season. "It's because of who lives in the area." If grand plans to remake what has been marketed as "the opportunity side of the river" gain a toehold, displacement would appear inevitable. DCG Corplan, which is being paid by the county, says county property tax revenues would be "significantly higher" if a new population replaced the area's mobile home parks and bungalows, now "located on sites that, if redeveloped, would command higher and better uses." The consultants see a spin-off effect that could see the tired dwellings of the Cabana City neighborhood translated into a trendy "niche"  housing neighborhood featuring "old-Florida charm." Buy Photo An almost abandoned strip mall that is home to a sewing shop and a quilt store. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. ItÕs a circle the county has been running in for years.  (Photo: Andrea Melendez/The News-Press) Farther down Cleveland Avenue, in a shop in a plaza originally built by Publix Super Markets Inc., Mike Vargeson survived the housing bust at his store, Colortile, a North Fort Myers presence for nearly a quarter century that he and his daughter have owned and operated since emigrating from England a decade ago. The store sells flooring and wall materials that are a step up from the contractor grade materials used in a lot of new construction, and faces competition from discounters dealing in factory seconds. His market is people building their own homes and new buyers or long-term residents who want upgrades. His base includes residents of the Moody River community and the riverfront condos. The area near his shop, located adjacent to the Hope Hospice thrift center, have not been able to lift his business completely out of years of economic stagnation. "It's starting to come back, but slowly,"  Vargeson said. "These sort of people don't have the money to pay for the more expensive things." Buy Photo Looking south at Fort Myers from the North Shore Park. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. ItÕs a circle the county has been running in for years.  (Photo: Andrea Melendez/The News-Press) Buy Photo Looking south at Fort Myers from the North Shore Park. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. ItÕs a circle the county has been running in for years.  (Photo: Andrea Melendez/The News-Press) Buy Photo Looking south at Fort Myers from the North Shore Park. North Fort Myers businesses are on the decline and they struggle to kick-start interest from developers. They would like to see a younger crowd moving in, but can't get the businesses in to attract them. Businesses won't invest until they have the younger crowd established. ItÕs a circle the county has been running in for years.  (Photo: Andrea Melendez/The News-Press) What draft report says North Fort Myers can absorb 400 condominiums 120 hotel rooms 320,000 square feet of office space 50,000 square feet of wholesale space 18,000 square feet of new retail space Consultant's proposed steps Improve access to business from the 41s Aggregate property ownership for development Address zoning and building code restrictions Create non-profit development agency or hire county staff to facilitate Create marketing campaign for NFM as "welcoming destination" North Fort Myers demographics: Population: 271,436  (County: 661,115) Median household income: $43,833  (County: $47,908) Average hourly earnings: $14.84  (County:$19.15) Median age: 44.6 years  (County: 46.3) Source: DCG Corplan, draft North Myers Market Assessment study, U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/2g83ZIP TOP VIDEOS TSA: These things didn't make it on to a SWFL airplane Sept and Oct 1:08 Better than an apple. Second grade teacher wins new car. 1:26 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Deputy-involved shooting in south Fort Myers 1:19 Inside SWFL Football: Week 13 6:55 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Hogs And Air Dogs Fly Again 1:09 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 News-Press Election Update: 7pm Florida Polls Close 16:10 News-Press Election Update: 8pm Mailbag Reader Debate 16:42 News-Press Election Update: 9pm Poll Update 14:39 Boca Grande: The Harbor Pilot 2:04 Save Our Water: moderated panel 17:52 Inside SWFL Football: Week 11 6:31 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Dress for Success SWFL focused on inspiring women 1:35 'I will not give up.' Dress for Success SWFL leader focused on helping women 1:11 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Experience the Florida International Air Show 1:40 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 Are your kids consuming too much media? 1:07 'We're getting justice.' Family rejoices in charging of murder suspect 1:16 Stowaway snake emerges from car hood in rush hour 0:33 Iraqi forces push to take back Mosul 0:52 Gun accidents kill kids every other day 3:06 More Stories Bokeelia woman arrested for DUI manslaughter Nov. 20, 2016, 12:37 p.m. Multiple agencies called to house fire on Fort Myers Beach Nov. 19, 2016, 3:22 p.m. Preventing overdose deaths Nov. 19, 2016, 3:12 p.m. Fire guts home on Fort Myers Beach Nov. 19, 2016, 2:57 p.m.
Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features State Capture Report Bye Obama, hello Trump FeesMustFall Pravin Gordhan Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Business News Personal Finance Budget Companies Startups Markets Indicators International Opinion Leadership Financial tools Savings WEF Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Tonight News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Book Flights Scitech News Technology Science Science Forum Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy news business sport motoring tonight lifestyle travel scitech newspapers Shop @ Loot IOL PropertySections International Fedusa's new head to fight for fair wages for all Recommended National Minimum Wage set at R20 per hour SA to pursue decent standard of living for all Time abroad can crystallise career ideas Certainty, growth key in credit grade business international Bed sheet scandal roils the cotton industry International / 19 November 2016, 09:00am Matthew Campbell, Shannon Pettypiece and Rajhkumar K Shaaw New York - Huddled inside Target’s headquarters in downtown Minneapolis, a team of investigators spent the summer trying to answer what should have been a simple question: What were hundreds of thousands of the retailer’s sheets actually made of? What they discovered has undermined trust in a global luxury product and set off a salvo of class-action lawsuits that have created a king-sized public relations challenge for the Indian textiles industry and the US companies it supplies. Turns out that major American retailers, including Target and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., have been selling premium-priced sheets purportedly made of Egyptian cotton - a byword for luxury in linens - but that may in reality be woven with lower-quality cotton blends. Three suits seeking to be certified as class-actions have been filed against supplier Welspun India - and a separate one last week was directed at Wal-Mart. The complaint, filed in New York by customer Dorothy Monahan, accuses the world’s largest retailer of questioning the fibre content of Welspun’s products as early as 2008, but not halting its sales until after Target did so in August. Wal-Mart said it will “vigorously defend” itself. The other lawsuits, all filed in the US against Welspun, allege the company fraudulently labelled its bed sheets as Egyptian cotton. Welspun declined to comment on the suits. MD Rajesh Mandawewala told analysts during a conference call in August that “the error is on our side so we have to take responsibility for it.” Target, meanwhile, hasn’t been sued. “The marketing has created this image in our heads that high-quality cotton and Egypt are synonymous,” said Louis Rose, a Memphis, Tennessee-based cotton industry consultant. “Consumers should be sceptical of these marketing claims. They’ll be under a lot more scrutiny now.” Exhaustive work The fake Egyptian sheet episode came to light after exhaustive work by Target investigators who analysed sheet fibres under microscopes and tracked their journey through a global supply chain. The probe found that 750 000 of Target’s “Egyptian cotton” sheets, sold for as much as $75 a pop, didn’t contain any Egyptian cotton at all, but an amalgam of lower-quality fibres from cheaper sources. That July discovery touched off a scandal spanning from Minnesota to Mumbai and Cairo that threatens the future of Welspun, part of a $3 billion conglomerate headed by entrepreneur Balkrishan Goenka. It may also hobble Indian textile manufacturers in the race to supply Western consumers with high-quality sheets and towels, creating an opening for competitors from China and elsewhere to grab the business, according to industry analysts. The Welspun-made sheets Target examined were sold under the Fieldcrest brand. While it has interests in steel, energy, and infrastructure, textiles are the bread and butter for Welspun, which says it supplies one in five towels sold in America and posted revenue of about $900 million in the 2016 fiscal year. Tennis stars like Roger Federer mop their brows with Welspun towels at the Wimbledon championships - a fact the company highlights in investor presentations. Target has cut ties and ended all of its $90 million in annual business with the company. Wal-Mart Stores and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. also stopped selling Welspun sheets that had been labelled 100 percent Egyptian cotton. Those are significant blows coming from some of Welspun’s biggest customers, and have sent its stock down about 40 percent since August. 19 when Target announced its decision. The sheets fiasco reflects a simple reality: There’s a scarcity of Egyptian cotton. It first became a key export product in the early 19th century, when it arrived in France and became sought after for its silky feel. Production has been falling since the 1990s, however, and last year Egypt’s post-revolutionary military government ended subsidies for cotton farmers to shore up the state budget. A gradual decline in output has become a precipitous plunge. The US Department of Agriculture estimates there will be a 53 percent decrease in production this year, to an all-time low of 160 000 bales. The system for certifying Egyptian cotton is administered from Cairo by the Cotton Egypt Association, an industry group that grants stamps of approval to suppliers of 100-percent Egyptian cotton products. To receive one, CEA executive director Khaled Schuman explained, a manufacturer pays an initial fee of $5,000 and submits records of Egyptian cotton purchases and product samples, which undergo DNA analysis to identify whether the fibres were grown in Egypt or elsewhere. The companies are charged an additional $3 000 annually for the certification, according to Schuman. No supervision But once a certification is granted, producers are mostly left alone until they need to renew their label a year later. “You can’t put an employee from the association on each production line to inspect” every item being produced, said Mohamed Negm, who conducts testing of certification samples for the association to verify the fibres are Egyptian-grown. Typically, suppliers like Welspun purchase cotton in raw form from Egypt for import to Asia, where it’s turned into finished products for sale in the US and elsewhere, he said. The highest-quality Egyptian material costs twice as much as the standard grade sourced from India, providing a powerful incentive to cheat. “Factories have mixed the Egyptian cotton with other low quality cottons to make profit, which has ruined the reputation of Egyptian cotton,” said Negm, adding that’s what the DNA testing and certification aim to curtail. During the set-up of the CEA’s DNA testing program, Negm said, it started analysing random samples taken from store shelves globally; 90 percent were fake, mixed with low-quality cottons from the likes of Sudan, Burkina Faso and Pakistan. “It’s very easy to play it loose during the production process if you want,” said Liu Dang Dang, a foreign sales manager at Chinese manufacturer Jihua 3542 Textile US retailers “should have realised how obvious it is,” he said, adding that the company, which supplies Egyptian cotton fabric to manufacturers in the US and Europe, doesn’t engage in the practice. “The price they want to pay for Egyptian cotton sheets is so low when the price of Egyptian cotton is so high.” Widespread blending Blending is widespread in the industry and quietly tolerated by many retail chains, according to two executives at producers other than Welspun who asked not to be identified discussing the procedure. Sometimes that means mixing good-quality non-Egyptian cotton that maintains the same feel amid shortages of the real thing, but it also often includes using cheaper grades to save money, said the people, citing their experience with cotton processing departments and export requirements for US retailers. The CEA formally announced its DNA testing program in April, saying the “gold seal” it would give manufacturers who passed would help “rid the supply chain of falsely labelled goods.” Awkwardly, the first company to receive a gold seal was Welspun, for bed linens as well as towels and bath rugs. Target has decided not to rely on CEA certifications going forward, according to a person familiar with the retailer’s decisions who asked not to be identified discussing internal matters. Wal-Mart, by contrast, has said it will continue to rely on the CEA standard. Schuman said the organisation is “making good efforts to make the system tougher” to avoid future problems, for example by increasing the role of third-party auditors and monitoring suppliers’ inventories more closely. After discovering problems with Welspun sheets, Target quickly decided to terminate its entire relationship with the company, citing “the trust that our guests place in us.” It also opted to offer refunds to customers who’d purchased them -- even if they’d been sleeping on them for years. Wal-Mart has also offered refunds. Although Welspun knew Target was investigating its products, its executives believed that, at worst, the retailer would drop only its Egyptian cotton sheets, according to a person privy to the discussions. Target didn’t warn Welspun beforehand about its August. 19 announcement that it was ending all its business ties, the person said, which left the company blindsided. At the time chairman Goenka’s wife Dipali, who leads Welspun’s home textile business, had just returned to India from meetings in the U.S.; she turned around immediately to do damage-control with clients, according to a person familiar with the events. In Mumbai, her husband had called an emergency meeting of department heads. He told them to ignore the company’s plunging share price and to focus on their day jobs, and that Welspun would bounce back over time, the person said. Both Goenkas declined to be interviewed. Welspun, which has said the issue never affected the quality or safety of its products, hired the audit firm EY to evaluate its practices and supply chain. The company reports quarterly earnings Tuesday. The scandal is creating an opportunity for rival Indian supplier Trident, which has picked up a significant chunk of Welspun’s business from Wal-Mart, Target and Ikea, said a person familiar with the situation, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. Welspun is still a supplier for Ikea, according to a spokesperson for the Swedish company, adding that it does not buy products made from Egyptian cotton due to sustainability concerns. The company did not respond to a query on whether it’s awarded contracts to Trident. Chinese textile producers may also benefit, analysts said. Big US retailers tend to “go for Indian companies because they are cheaper,” particularly thanks to lower labor costs, said Jack Yang, an executive at Chinese manufacturer Yantai Pacific Home Fashion. Scarce cotton Anyone trying to capitalise, though, faces the same problem: a shortage of Egyptian cotton. That, in turn, might assist U.S. manufacturers of Pima cotton, another high-quality grade that promotes itself as a rival to the Egyptian variety. Back in Cairo, the guardians of the country’s sole global brand argue their efforts will be enough to rein in fakes, and they say the controversy might even have a silver lining. “If what was happening had continued, in a few years there would be zero Egyptian cotton,” Schuman said. “The turbulence now is positive. It’s raising awareness, and we are doing everything we can to protect the value of our product.” BLOOMBERG International Fedusa's new head to fight for fair wages for all Recommended National Minimum Wage set at R20 per hour SA to pursue decent standard of living for all Time abroad can crystallise career ideas Certainty, growth key in credit grade Most Read Union joins ‘Zuma must go’ chorus Junk rating inevitable for SA? Dis-Chem worth R20bn on debut Rand shivers as dollar makes broad gains India’s cash crisis hits SA tourists Advertisement MORE business internationalMenu News| Personal Finance| Budget| Companies| Startups| Markets| Indicators| International| Opinion| Leadership| Financial tools| Savings| WEF| business internationalMenu News| Personal Finance| Budget| Companies| Startups| Markets| Indicators| International| Opinion| Leadership| Financial tools| Savings| WEF| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Business Sport Motoring Tonight Lifestyle Travel Scitech About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This Why Warren Buffett Is Selling Wal-Mart Stores? Warren Buffett is steadily unloading a massive position in Wal-Mart shares, and a big reason for his decision may be the ongoing shift to online shopping. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Nov 19, 2016 at 7:21AM Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) has been a staple holding in Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-B)(NYSE:BRK-A) portfolio for years, but the Oracle of Omaha has soured on Wal-Mart's stock this year, and a new report from the U.S. Census Bureau showing that consumers continue to embrace e-commerce may mean that there's a good chance that Wal-Mart's completely out of Berkshire's portfolio by the end of this year.  IMAGE SOURCE: WAL-MART STORES. What's up? Wal-Mart may be a retail store Goliath, but it's far from the biggest online retailer, and that's a big problem for the company's future growth.. Wal-Mart's sales barely budged in the third quarter, increasing by a only a modest 0.5% from the third quarter of 2015. Meanwhile, consumers ongoing shift to online shopping propelled sales at online giant Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) 29% higher when compared to a year ago. According to the Census Bureau, that trend away from retail stores to online stores isn't losing steam. In Q3, U.S. retail e-commerce sales, adjusted for seasonal variation but not for price changes, grew 4% quarter over quarter to $101.3 billion. That handily outpaced the 0.9% quarter-over-quarter increase in total retail sales in the period, but the gap between the two is even wider when considering the year-over-year change. Compared to Q3 2015, adjusted e-commerce sales grew 15.7% last quarter, while total retail sales only grew 2.2%. Overall, the rapid growth in online purchases has led to e-commerce sales now accounting for 8.4% of total sales, up from 7.4% of sales a year ago. Growth in online shopping has been a boon to Wal-Mart competitors, especially Amazon. Online retailers have more inventory and marketing flexibility, and they also have cost advantages that help them compete better for wallet share. Trailing-12-month SG&A as a percentage of sales is more than 1% lower at Amazon than it is at Wal-Mart, and Amazon's gross profit margin is nearly 10% better than Wal-Mart's. AMZN gross profit margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Given that it's most likely that more consumer spending will migrate away from traditional stores to the internet, it's little wonder that investors like Buffett might be worrying more about Wal-Mart's future sales and profit headwinds. A tough competitor Earlier this year, Buffett praised Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, calling him a "genius." And at Berkshire Hathaway's annual investor event in Omaha, Buffett remarked, "We're not going to out-Bezos Bezos." In the past, Buffett was slow to embrace the use of the internet to boost sales at Berkshire Hathaway's wholly owned companies. However, that's recently been changing, and as he sees the sales tailwinds at his companies from his online initiatives, it may be factoring into his increasing admiration of Bezos, and his declining interest in owning bricks-and-mortar companies like Wal-Mart. It's probably not lost on Buffett that Amazon has been a much better investment than Wal-Mart over the years, either. Under Bezos' leadership, Amazon's trailing-12-month revenue has surged to $128 billion since 1994, and that's resulted in astonishing returns for long-term investors. Over the past 15 years, Amazon's 34%-per-year average return crushes the average 12.9% return for the specialty retail industry, and it absolutely demolishes Wal-Mart's 3.2% annual return over the period. Since Bezos doesn't appear ready to quit anytime soon, and e-commerce still represents less than 10% of total retail spending, it seems Wal-Mart's going to have its hands full for a long time if its going to attempt to keep Amazon at bay. Looking forward Buffett's sold tens of millions of shares in Wal-Mart this year, but he still has 12.9 million shares left in Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio. With Wal-Mart shares up 19% this year, he appears to see this as a great opportunity to "sell high" a business that could face increasingly more downside profit pressure in the coming years. Whether Buffett does sell his remaining Wal-Mart shares this year won't be known until early next year, when Berkshire Hathaway files its fourth-quarter 13F report with the Securities and Exchange Commission. But given his admiration for Bezos and his selling of 27.2 million Wal-Mart shares last quarter, I will not be surprised if Wal-Mart disappears from Berkshire's list of holdings.  Todd Campbell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Todd owns E.B. Capital Markets, LLC. E.B. Capital's clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. Like this article? Follow him on Twitter where he goes by the handle @ebcapital to see more articles like this. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 7:21AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.54 down $0.65 (-0.94%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $760.16 up $3.76 (0.50%) Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,391.00 down $-1,159.00 (-0.49%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $157.75 down $0.64 (-0.40%) Read More Why Amazon Owns Digital Reading, but Can't Kill the Physical Book What Will Amazon Do With 2,000 Grocery Stores? Amazon.com, Inc.'s CFO Gives a Crash Course on Spending Huge Sums of Money This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 Can Amazon.com Conquer China With Prime? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Kanye West declares he would have voted for Trump, if he voted at all Previous Next Idiot tweets his desire to assassinate Trump and blow up the US - guess what happens next Next 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time By Zach Epstein on Nov 18, 2016 at 2:01 PM Email @zacharye Apps & Software Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ Black Friday shopping season is officially upon us, ladies and gentlemen, and today we showed you all of the best deals currently available at Best Buy, Walmart and Amazon. You’ll save tons of cash by following along with our Black Friday 2016 coverage, but you’re still going to be spending a good amount of money this holiday season. Save a few extra bucks each day with our daily lists of paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free. DON’T MISS: 10 hidden iPhone tricks Apple never told you about These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Sleeply Normally $0.99. Track your sleep duration and stats automatically with Sleeply. Sleepy uses the phone’s sensors & time to automatically to track your sleep. FEATURES • Track your sleep duration & timings automatically • Get statistics like the approximate number of sleep cycles, time awake in between & healthy sleep durations • Get all your sleep history • Export all this data as a csv Just install Sleeply to automatically start tracking your sleep. You shouldn’t keep your phone on the bed for Sleeply to track accurately. Designed and developed by Emberify. Download Sleeply Photo Cleaner Normally $0.99. Let scan your iphone now to find out duplicate pictures and free up your gallery storage. “Photo Cleaner – Delete duplicate photo” can help you quickly scan the whole images in your device to find out duplicate pictures, similar photos, even low quality photos that are too faint or boring. You can choose to delete these images to liberate phone memory, get more space for new photos and videos. This app has many scanning options which are very convennient and fast to users, including scan snapshot, similar images, screenshoots and videos. Now users no need to spend more time to check all pictures & videos in their devices, just using this app and it can bring to you what you really need Download Photo Cleaner Center Widget Normally $0.99. Center Widget App in the Notification Center it makes using your iPhone or iPad. Quick show calendar. Download Center Widget VigTask Normally $0.99. VigTask – Smart organizer for your tasks! VigTask is an organizer for your task with a rich set of advanced features including: ADVANCED ORGANIZER • Supports multiple categories for tasks, color code and put them in the same view. • Categories can be merged. • Lunar date supported. • Group events, tasks and notes by Calendars, Dates, Manual, Contexts, Tags, Locations and Contacts. • Search in advanced. SAVE YOUR TIME – QUICK CREATION • Tasks can be created quickly with minimum of taps. • Can be created directly from categories, weather forecast, email or from main screen. ADVANCED TASK • Integrated with Contacts to add invitees, or sharing. • Alert with snooze. • Priority task with important levels. • Sorting tasks with different criteria. • Completed tasks can be exported many kinds of file format so that you can read them on PC. CHECKLIST • Sub tasks can be formatted as checklists so you know what needs to be done and what you have already accomplished. • Easy to show/hide completed checks. LINK DATA • Tasks can be linked together to make them into flows. • Task can also link to photo, audio, video, document files from Photo library or from email. INVITATION/SHARING • Send/receive invitation your task or event to a list other VigTask users via email. • Data can be shared with your friends via VigCloud. SMART SCHEDULER • Schedule your tasks one by one, in groups, or all at once. • VigTask will fit your list of tasks by booking them into your contexts’ time. SMART TIMER • Tasks can be timed, just set the timer. • Timer logs can be exported to many kinds of file format. • Set multiple times for a single task. DATA ON MAP • Show your tasks, that are around your current location, on an embedded map with adjustable distance. SYNCHRONIZATION • Task can be synced with Google tasks, built-in Reminders and Toodledo. • VigTask can sync with other VigTask (iPhone or iPad version) via iCloud/VigCloud. BACKUP AND RESTORE • Your data can be automatically (or manually) backup to Google Drive or Dropbox for future restoring. PRINT, FACEBOOK, PDF, CSV AND EMAIL • Data can be printed anywhere. • Data can be posted to Facebook anywhere. • Data can be exported as PDF/CSV/PNG and sent via email. INTUITIVE INTERFACE • Many kinds of skins. • Data can be viewed as list or folders. • Clean looking and easy to understand. • Minimal of taps to enter your data. • Easy to complete task with one click. More and more advanced features need you to explore… Download VigTask PaintVideo Normally $4.99. PaintVideo is an EASY-TO-USE video drawing application with Real-Time Editing features with which you can draw, write, fill, blur and add music within an existing video. Be as creative as you want there are no limitation with this App. Draw anything you want on the video, as many painting as you want and put them wherever you want; What’s more, you also can set the animation of your painting, it will turn your videos into funny and interesting edited movies, it is fun for every age, and it can be shared on Instagram, Facebook, Youtube, Flicker and Email in seconds; here are some of the amazing features: Paint and write on video Animation set of your painting Support adding background music Shape video in different shapes Cut out any unwanted moments Crop video and adjust scale Rotate video by 90 degree Flip video Adjust transparency of video Generate excellent video output Share your video montages in seconds No internet connection required Superior customer support and updates HOW TO USE: 1) Import your video from camera roll 2) Tap the plus sign icon (+ Button) to add your painting (choose brush size and color, duration time and animation set of the painting) 3) To cut unwanted video moment, firstly tap on the original video clip, click on “Edit” button from the menu and then select “Crop & Cut”, select the video portion with precise frame-by-frame and then mark “Start” & “End” time to remove the unwanted moment; 4) To delete a painting, tap the painting clip and then press the garbage can icon; 5) To delete the whole project, tap on the background video and then press the garbage can icon; 6) To add music, tap the “Music” button, and then tap “Add music”. You can adjust the volume of the music video with the volume controller. Download PaintVideo Angularis Normally $0.99. Are you looking for a REAL challenge? Angularis requires perfect concentration, timing and skill! You need to have the ability to concentrate on what you do in order to beat the high score. The longer you play the faster and challenging the game will be. Definitely a must have for all who like to play high score games with neon look and a high degree of difficulty. * Crazy hard gameplay * Beat the high score on Game Center * Future flat neon look * Optimized for phones and tablets Download Angularis today and test your reflexes! – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – ”The brain power required for this tap on the higher levels is probably comparable to trying to make your way home from a rave at 7am“ – 08/14 idtapthat “You’ll find yourself unable to put this game down as you compete against yourself to beat the high score. If you are looking for a quick game that exercises your concentration and reflexes, look no further” – 07/14 appadvice.com “Tetris fans will love this game for sure. It can really be learned in two seconds but can be played for hours for no apparent reason” – 07/14 appszoom.com “Those of you who like to play high score games with neon look and a high degree of difficulty, should definitely take a look at this game” – 07/14 iplayapps.de Download Angularis VigNote Normally $0.99. VigNote – Daily record for future planning! VigNote is for your daily note taker. It is an universal note application for iOS with rich set of futures including: ADVANCED NOTE – Supports rich text with multiple kinds of formatting text style such highlight, underline, strike through, different font name / font size / text color / alignment for any part or whole text. – Can be inserted shapes, photos, audios, videos, documents (PDF Text, MS Word / Excel / Power Point), music files… as inserted objects in to its content and the objects can be rotated, set title… – Can link to other notes (and vice versa), photos, audios, videos, documents, music files… as linked objects in separated panel and linked objects can set title. – Supports note date and time, alerts, multiple background styles, tag, categories and contexts. – Supports check list for each text item in note. – Supports two kinds of input: virtual keyboard and free hand drawing. – Smart drawing with various styles: solid line, dashed line, outline drawing along with color alpha supported. – Different ways of selection text / drawing lines: double tap or area select for actions. – Can record audio / video while inputing note. – Can play audio / video while inputing note. – Can phone, show map, send email, search on web, create contact, create event (to VigCal or iOS Calendar), create task (to VigCal or iOS Reminder) directly from app. – Can be starred or marked with different important levels. – Export to many kinds of document: PDF, PNG, Text to email, Facebook. – Import from popular kinds of document from Email, Web and other apps directly to app. – Supports long note with unlimited pages in the same view. – Directly create note from Weather forecast. – Directly print to air printer. SUPER ORGANIZATION – App supports multiple categories, that notes belong to, color code and put them in the same view. – Category can be merged. – Show or hide any category, notes in category will be showed/hidden corresponding. – Support multiple contexts. – Notes can be grouped under categories, dates, contexts and manual. – Notes can be sorted by note dates, by important level or by created date. – Categories and contexts can be sorted by title or created date. – Many ways of filtering notes or searching notes. – Support lunar date. – Show current weather and weather forecast. DATA ON MAP – Notes that have location specified will be on map with adjustable distance from current location. PRINT, FACEBOOK, PDF & EMAIL SHARING – Note can be printed, posted to Facebook, exported to PDF or send to your friend via email anywhere. SYNCHRONIZATION – Notes and their links can be synced between your devices via iCloud/VigCloud. BACKUP/RESTORE – Data can be backed up to Google Drive or Dropbox. You can restore from there when you need to. INTUITIVE INTERFACE – Clean looking and easy to understand. – Minimal taps to enter your data. – Rich set of skins supported. – Different note’s background supported. – Many kinds of view: 3-D or flat shape combine to list or folder view styles. More and more features are waiting for you to explore… or visit at http://www.vigstore.com for more detail Download VigNote 36 Ways For Ninja To Die Normally $0.99. Welcome to “36 Ways To Die For Ninja”! In this game, there are 36 amazing and addictive ninja games, all available in one download. With these games you only need the tap of one finger to stay alive. Simple but hardcore addictive. We’d love to hear your suggestions and comments! Download 36 Ways For Ninja To Die Where To Eat? PRO Normally $0.99. ⊛⊛⊛⊛⊛ No matter where you are in the world, WhereToEat displays the closest places to eat. Select from over 45 cuisine types and even get turn-by-turn directions to your chosen restaurant. Full Retina HD for iPhone and iPad. ⊛⊛⊛⊛⊛ An incredibly simple interface hides a sophisticated engine that plugs into the largest restaurant database and global map on the market. Fully customizable, you can order your owns list and make maximum use of your GPS. Can’t decide where to eat? Use our Shake-to-Suggest feature to explore and experiment! √ Over 100 preset searches including over 45 cuisines and 30 food types. √ Full Retina Graphics for iPhone and iPad √ Search can be done within a few taps, no typing needed. √ Fully customizable. You can sort, add, remove, rename all items. √ Simple user interface and intuitive user experience. √ Review your recent searches and most used searches. √ Configure start-up view, choose between home, recents or last viewed. √ Shake-to-Suggest, deciding on what to eat can be just a shake away. √ User Ratings and Reviews, sharing your experience with other diners. COMING SOON: Our team is already working on new features including offline restaurant database and translation into many languages. Stay tuned for the free update and feel free to contact us for any feedback so we can improve the app for you. Download Where To Eat? PRO Tags: Apple, Appsale, iPad, iPhone Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and consoles for Black Friday All the best pre-Black Friday deals you can buy right now at Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon Release date for Pokemon Go Generation 2 might have just leaked Related Articles Apple's iPhone call logging is a feature, not a security scare Stephen Colbert eviscerates Apple's ridiculous $300 photo book The worst thing about the MacBook Pro's non-replaceable SSD BGR Store Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp Pocket Tripod PRO PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle View Comments Hubs Apple Apple’s iPhone call logging is a feature, not a security scare Stephen Colbert eviscerates Apple's ridiculous $300 photo book Android New study finds iPhones fail far more often than Android devices Some Android phones have been covertly sending sensitive user data to China Mobile Apple’s iPhone call logging is a feature, not a security scare Cool HP smartphone turns into a Windows 10 desktop Retail Microsoft is offering major discounts on Xbox One games and consoles for Black Friday You can now save over 90% on a lifetime of secure internet zen FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 15 Nov Copping that apple coffee table book asap Zach Epstein @zacharye 19 Nov Late night @mcuban is the best @mcuban blogmaverick.com/2016/11/19/my-… Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Sam's Club Black Friday Sale On Saturday Features Only Samsung Deals Posted: Nov 18 2016, 11:48pm CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   The next Sam's Club Black Friday sales event takes place on Saturday, Nov. 19 online and in stores. Sam's Club Black Friday sale is spread out over select days in November. Today the Walmart owned warehouse club is hosting its second Black Friday event of the season and it is all about Samsung. How To: Find Nintendo NES Classic In Stock The Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale offers 15 Black Friday deals on Samsung products. The Samsung Saturday deals feature savings on TVs, 4K TVs, Blu-ray players, tablets, headsets and more.  The new Sam's Club Black Friday deals are on sale since midnight eastern online at samsclub.com. Based on the experience of the Sam's Club November 12 sale, the new Black Friday TV deal will sell out first, well before noon. Sam's Club most popular Black Friday TV deal today is on the 70-inch Samsung UN70KU630D 4K UHD TV. This big 4K Samsung smart TV is on sale for $1,248 and customers receive a free $150 gift card. Sam's Club Black Friday deals that are recommended to buy on Saturday include: $238 40-inch Samsung UN40J520 1080p Smart TV $698 55-inch Samsung UN55KU650D 4K UHD Curved TV /w 2.1 Samsung HW-JM4000C/ZA Curved Soundbar $978 55-inch Samsung UN55KS8000 4K SUHD Smart TV $1,248 70-inch UN70KU630D 4K UHD Smart TV w/ $150 Gift Card Find the complete list of today's Sam's Club Black Friday deals. Sale ends midnight, but most deals will be selling out long before. The Sam's Club Black Friday sale on Saturday is also available in Sam's stores at 7am local time. The Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 sale on the Thanksgiving weekend is not offering these deals on Samsung. Browse the Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 ad to see the upcoming deals. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker points shoppers to the Black Friday 2016 deals that are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 35 minutes ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 3 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 4 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 6 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 6 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 6 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 7 hours ago Walmart launches Samsung Black Friday Sales Event 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 35 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Home Our Team Contact Us Search Amazon.com Walmart Best Buy Target Kmart LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Home Our Team Contact Us Black Friday Magazine Get the best Black Friday Alerts Before Anyone Else Home Deals Best Buy The 5 Hottest Thanksgiving Day Sales Deals Best Buy Sales Black Friday Kmart Target Walmart The 5 Hottest Thanksgiving Day Sales By Linda Cauthen - November 19, 2016 74 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Even if you flatly refuse to tear yourself away from the family Turkey Day feast, you can still score some pretty cool deals this Thursday. Many retailers that will be opening their stores on Thanksgiving will also offer the same or comparable Doorbuster Deals online. Here are five chains offering deals worth checking out on Thanksgiving. Walmart OK, your local Superstore may be the last place you want to be on Thanksgiving Day, when Walmart will opens at 6 p.m. but the online deals start even earlier – at 12 a.m. Thursday morning. That means you can score a great deal on electronics while stuffing the turkey and never have to risk getting into a fist fight over the last big-screen TV in the store. Some of the better deals include a 55” Phillips Class Smart 4K TV for $298, a Roku Espress Plus for $25 and a Samsung Chromebook 3 for $119. Best Buy This retail chain promises “thousands of deals” for Black Friday but 16 of the most tempting are available online now so you don’t have to wait for stores to open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. The online action starts at 12 a.m. and Best Buy is holding out these Doorbusters for the big day: a Toshiba 49” 4K Ultra HDTV for $199.99, the Amazon 16GB Fire Tablet for $59.99 and Powerbeats2 Wireless Headphones for $89.99. Kohl’s The best thing about Kohl’s Black Friday sale is that it starts on Monday, November 21 and runs until 1 p.m. on Friday. The in-store sale begins at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving. Hot items available online Monday include a Haier 49” 4K Ultra HDTV plus $75 in Kohl’s Cash for $349.99, a Fitbit Alta special edition fitness band for $99.99 and 50% off name brand toys. Target The Thanksgiving fun starts at 6 p.m. in-stores and online for Target but there are several hot deals available now and until November 24. These include a Samsung 55” 4K Motion Rate 120 Curved Smart Ultra HDTV with a free $75 Target gift card for $697.99, an XBox One S console bundle with free $40 Target gift card for $249.99 and 50% off life-sized figurine toys including Star Wars. KMart The deals aren’t very exciting at this discount retailer but it’s going to be the place to outfit the family for winter and the house for the holidays. Kmart opens for Thanksgiving in-store and online at 7 p.m. with a BOGO deal on family footwear, 50% off Christmas supplies and select DVDs and Blu-rays for $1 each. “Thanksgiving Night Doorbusters” will be good from the time stores open until 2 p.m. on Black Friday. TAGS best buy thanksgiving sale black friday deals kmart thanksgiving deals target thanksgiving deals thanksgiving deals SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous article4 Good Reasons to Get Your Tree This Weekend Next articleHow to Get a Great Christmas Tree in NYC Linda Cauthen Linda Cauthen RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR How Buying a Christmas Tree Can Help Animals in NYC 5 Top-Rated VR Headsets on Amazon How to Get a Great Christmas Tree in NYC Search Black Friday Deals EVEN MORE NEWS How Buying a Christmas Tree Can Help Animals in NYC November 20, 2016 5 Top-Rated VR Headsets on Amazon November 20, 2016 How to Get a Great Christmas Tree in NYC November 19, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Black Friday884 Deals546 Sales417 Amazon.com146 Christmas146 Walmart130 Best Buy111 ©
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 46,903 Trump's scandal-free son-in-law crosses aisle into his presidency Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Obama’s new overtime rule may lead to more job openings By John Aidan Byrne View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) November 20, 2016 | 2:46am | Updated November 20, 2016 | 2:46am Modal Trigger Photo: AP More On: employment Jobs report won't tip the scales on Election Day US employers added 161,000 jobs in October If 'rigging' is real, this is where you'll find it Don't rule out a job applicant just because he has a criminal record There’s more seismic change about to rock the nation — and workers like Michelle Herrera, who’ve toiled for low pay, say this tremor will raise compensation in the stagnant-wage economy. A new Obama administration rule, set to take effect Dec. 1, seven weeks before President-elect Donald Trump takes the White House, will see an estimated 12.5 million salaried US workers suddenly eligible for time-and-a-half overtime pay — and mandatory OT extended to more than 4 million workers, according to the Department of Labor. “Yes, I like this news a lot,” said a jubilant Herrera, 30, a former worker at Chipotle near Columbia University, who joined a class-action suit by the law firm of Outten & Golden alleging her overtime rights were violated. “I just wish this rule was in place when I was at Chipotle,” she added. Although many employers are expected to circumvent the rule, there’ll be no escaping the ripple effects, say some analysts, once businesses are mandated, under certain parameters, to extend OT to salaried workers earning less than $913 for a 40-hour work week, double the current average of $455 nationwide. (It’s currently $674 in New York State.) In a move viewed by some as a preemptive strike, Walmart Stores recently hiked salaries for entry-level managers from $45,000 to $48,500 annually, just a tad above the new threshold for employees, including store management. The overall impact, said Judy Conti of the National Employment Law Project, will be like a virtuous circle: More workers compensated for overtime at the same time as more employers are curbed from keeping workers on the job, in sweatshop-like conditions, after 40 hours without extra pay. “It will spread the work around too,” Conti added. SEE ALSO One Long Island-based company's golden rule: no overtime :0 No overtime here, says one company owner — that’s the... One Long Island-based company's golden rule: no overtime One estimate by Goldman Sachs actually forecast a 10 percent to 15 percent reduction in employees working overtime among the ranks of the affected. But that will then open up hiring for 120,000 new workers to plug the gaps, explained Goldman. Herrera, with a bachelor’s degree from Syracuse University, recalls her long hours at Chipotle, claiming weekly overtime pay after she put in 40 hours was unheard of — indeed, 50-hour work weeks were not uncommon at fast-food chain, she said. “It was long hours on your feet, and very tiring,” she said. Under the new threshold, more workers at Chipotle and other service outlets are newly positioned to be eligible for time-and-a-half pay, analysts say. Herrera has seen it from both sides. After finishing at Chipotle in 2011, she took a job in education. Today, she manages four employees as an operations manager at a Charter School on the Upper East Side. “The rule won’t directly impact me, but it will impact some of my team members, and I am grateful to my company for recognizing overtime,” she said. Still, the new rule has come in for some criticism — one beef is that it will perpetuate and expand the low-wage economy. Some critics say it will propel many businesses to reassign salaried employees, including managers, to the hourly payroll and will generate more part-time jobs without benefits. And with a reduction in employees paid for overtime, Goldman said the potential 120,000 new hires created would have a dampening effect on wages. Goldman estimated average hourly earnings would rise by a meager 0.1 percentage point. It added that lower-cost replacement labor would push that even lower. Filed under barack obama ,  donald trump ,  employment ,  Jobs ,  overtime Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next One Long Island-based company's golden rule: no overtime Read Next One Long Island-based company's golden rule: no overtime Most Popular This Week 1 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 2 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 3 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 4 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 5 VP-elect Mike Pence booed at 'Hamilton' 6 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com Now On The Obamas are going bicoastal Kanye pulls a Kanye with rant-filled concert cut short Even Emma Stone gets excited when Ryan Gosling texts her SEE ALL Video :42 Street fight gets crazier when a car smashes through a storefront More Stories pagesix Mariah Carey shuts down settlement talks with ex-fiancé Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections 2016 Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Opinion November 20, 2016 1:08 AM Maybe we aren’t alarmist enough By Leonard Pitts Jr. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A few days ago, a black woman I know got a text from a friend who asked what she’d be wearing “to the slave auction in January.” Another friend, who is white, wrote that she is “seriously picturing trains to Auschwitz. I can’t convey how seriously.” These are the kinds of conversations I find myself having in a world suddenly grown ominous and strange. You try to keep a level head, to remind yourself and others that the tragedies alluded to — slavery and the Holocaust — are unique. They are not going to repeat. We must not be too alarmist. But the hits just keep on coming. The other day, my brother reported seeing a pickup truck emblazoned with the Confederate battle flag tooling down the road in L.A. I lived in that city for 34 years, he’s lived there 47. Neither of us can recall ever seeing that before. A few days later, he tells me some random white lady screamed “N––r!” at him — just that word, no other commentary — because she didn’t like his driving. So it goes in these first days of the Trump era. You want to say it’s just your imagination inflating random badness into a narrative of racist white bully boys and girls feeling free to vent their hatred now that one of their own has come to power. One tends to see what one is looking for, after all. But if this is just imagination, there’s a lot of it going around. A black woman in a Wal-Mart parking lot says she was called “n––r b–—h” and told to go “back to Africa” by a truck full of white men who yelled “Make America white again!” before throwing cups full of chewing tobacco saliva on her. A black woman in Charlotte reports holding the door for an older white man in a veteran’s hat. She said, “Thank you for your service.” He said, “At least you n––rs are grateful for something.” Racist messages are sent to black freshmen at the University of Pennsylvania. On a train in Oregon, a group of teenagers gang up on a Muslim woman, calling her a terrorist and saying that Trump will deport her. A Latina woman in Texas says she was walking her baby in the park when a white woman in a truck sped by yelling, “White power!” In Raleigh, a man says he and his boyfriend were called “F––-g f––ts” in another episode of drive-by hate. In Durham, graffiti declares “Black lives doesn’t matter.” The Southern Poverty Law Center says it recorded 447 incidents of hateful intimidation and vandalism in the first five days after the election. Many perpetrators explicitly invoked Trump. SPLC president Richard Cohen told USA Today that the haters are now “feeling their oats.” I can testify to that. Shortly before the election, I received in response to a column on Trump an email from “Matt,” which said things like “I want you to read about your mom being raped by Muslim terrorists and then see her burned alive in a cage.” I am hardly a stranger to hate, but “Matt” represents a new level of sickness that has become sadly familiar in the last year and a half. With apologies to Stephen Stills, there’s something happening here; what it is ain’t exactly clear. No, it’s not slavery, nor is it Holocaust. But it is something. That much, we can no longer doubt. And I am reminded of German Jews who watched a monumental evil gather itself against them, all the while assuring one another that things weren’t as bad as they seemed, that their country would soon return to its senses. Meantime, the boxcars were lining up. To recall their response to a world suddenly grown ominous and strange is to wonder at our own. Maybe we are too alarmist. Or maybe we’re not alarmist enough. Leonard Pitts Jr., winner of the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for commentary, is a columnist for the Miami Herald, 3511 N.W. 91 Avenue, Doral, FL. 33172. Readers may write to him via email at lpitts@miamiherald.com. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Opinion Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:40 Penn State professor calls on all to recognize common ground Pause 1:40 Fans in downtown State College 0:17 Deer hits cross-country runner during race 1:33 Students hold #NotMyPresident protest at Penn State 3:09 Franklin discusses upcoming game against Rutgers 1:53 Veteran taught class, let kids try on his uniform 0:52 Veteran can't believe show of generosity 4:02 2016 Election Day by the numbers 1:12 Election Night Extravaganza 3:30 Franklin discusses offensive line, Tommy Stevens triple play Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Richard Sleigh performs "Honeydripper" 1:44 3 days ago Richard Sleigh performs "Honeydripper" 0:17 3 days ago Deer hits cross-country runner during race 0:40 5 days ago Penn State professor calls on all to recognize common ground View more video Opinion McClatchy editorial cartoons for the week of Nov. 14, 2016 Maybe we aren’t alarmist enough Don’t be fooled Look internally for answer Are you feeling guilty yet, Donald Trump supporters? Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Toggle navigation MENU Subscribe Login eEdition Ads Toggle navigation Sun November 20 2016 NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES OPINION POLITICS ARTS & LIFE Subscribe Login eEdition Ads 38.7° × Home E-Edition Search News News Local State World Police/Fire Business Science Town By Town Share A News Tip Sports Sports High School Professional College Columns Send Scores Obituaries Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Cartoons Arts/Life Arts/Life Books Calendar TV Listings Entertainment Food Outdoors Home/Garden Health Milestones Politics Politics State House Federal Elections Podcast Multi Media Photos Videos Photo Reprints Submit a photo Classifieds All Classifieds Jobs Autos Real Estate Sales Real Estate Rentals Merchandise Corner Cupboard Animals Announcements Services Financial/Business Services Public Notices/Legals Place an ad Daily Deals Business Directory Jobs Advertise Reader Services Reader Services Contact Us FAQ Subscribe Pay My Bill Newsletter Signups Archive Advertise Newspaper in Education News > Business Retailers are rethinking Thanksgiving Day hours Shoppers carry bags as they cross a pedestrian walkway near Macy’s in Herald Square, New York, last year. Thanksgiving Day shopping isn’t going away and some stores are rethinking their strategies on whether it makes sense to be open. AP file By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO Associated Press Saturday, November 19, 2016 Print Thanksgiving Day shopping – a delight to some, an anathema to others – isn’t going away, but some stores are rethinking their strategies on whether it makes sense to be open on the holiday itself. Many of the nation’s major mall operators and the big retailers that anchor them, such as Toys R Us, J.C. Penney, and Macy’s, are sticking with what they want to be a new tradition, kicking off the holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving Day. Others, including the Mall of America, the nation’s largest shopping mall, are closing for Thanksgiving this year after being open for the past several years. Some retailers that are closing cite respect for the holiday, but in truth, the cost of being open may be more than the return. “Once you let the genie out of the bottle, it’s hard,” said Stephen Lebovitz, president and CEO of CBL & Associates Properties, a mall operator that is closing 72 of its malls for the day. “More retailers are coming to their senses and realizing it is a family holiday and from a business point of view, it’s not making much business sense.” Stores being open on Thanksgiving started in earnest in 2011 and took a punch out of sales on Black Friday, which had usually launched the shopping season. Many places like Macy’s, Target and J.C. Penney have been opening earlier and earlier on Thanksgiving as they try to outdo others to get first dibs on customers who could easily buy online. But the move has been controversial, as many workers have voiced complaints that stores are putting profits over workers’ time to be with their families. Some 89 of the 145 properties that Chattanooga, Tenn.-based CBL owns or has interest in opened at 6 p.m. on the holiday last year. While dozens of those will be closed this year, the department stores, movie theaters, restaurants and retailers with exterior entrances have the option to open on Thanksgiving. Other retailers including Office Depot and consumer electronics chain hhgregg Inc. plan to be closed after being open for the past several years. Plenty of retailers, particularly high-end stores like Nordstrom or those like T.J. Maxx that offer discounts every day, never opened on Thanksgiving and have collected goodwill because of that. In reality, analysts say, it’s all about stealing share in a market that isn’t growing that much. For department stores, the competition is fierce. Last year, J.C. Penney opened at 3 p.m. for the first time, three hours earlier than its rivals Kohl’s and Macy’s. That may have hurt Macy’s, which had a weak holiday season and aims to reverse a sales slump. This year, Macy’s decided to open an hour earlier at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving. Penney is sticking to 3 p.m., while Kohl’s will be opening again at 6 p.m. Most Sears stores will be open on Thanksgiving for the fourth year in a row, starting at 6 p.m. – the same as a year ago. Best Buy, the nation’s largest consumer electronics chain, suffered over Thanksgiving weekend in 2012 because it didn’t open until midnight, while stores like Wal-Mart and Target began their sales earlier in the evening. Wal-Mart, Target and Best Buy have not announced their plans for this Thanksgiving weekend. But all indications are they’ll start the doorbuster sales on the holiday. For many big retailers, covering expenses like paying employees holiday pay is not that costly, said Joel Bines, a managing director at retail consulting group AlixPartners. But for small stores or those with specialized merchandise, it may make more sense to close. AlixPartners also found for that some retailers who did open on Thanksgiving were simply pulling Friday sales a day earlier and their profit margins took a hit. Bob Riesbeck, president and CEO of hhgregg, says business on Thanksgiving actually declined over the previous two years when it opened at 4 p.m. CBL’s Lebovitz says when he surveyed stores in the company’s malls this year before deciding to close, the reaction was “overwhelmingly positive,” particularly with the specialty stores. The big anchors plan to stay open. Last year, the reaction was different. Most of the specialty stores wanted to be open. “They didn’t have enough data” to make the decision,” he said. Andy Mantis, executive vice president of NPD Group Checkout Tracking, says stores should open on both Thanksgiving and Black Friday to maximize their sales. The company, which analyzes receipt data to understand consumer behavior, found that the share of buyers who shopped on both days declined, while the number who shopped only on Thanksgiving Day or on Black Friday increased. Mantis believes specialty retailers, especially those near big stores like Macy’s that are open, should think again about whether to stay closed. “It is a heavy promotion time,” Mantis said. “People are buying, and they’re not always willing to go to multiple stores.” Opinion/Cartoons Mike Marland: November 20, 2016 Opinion/Columns Debra Marshall: Canada – a love story Opinion/Columns Jonathan P. Baird: Tom Hayden’s exceptional life Opinion/Columns Katy Burns: Goodbye to the Clintons Newsletter Signup Sign up Submissions Submit news or announcements Event Listing Submit an Obituary Submit a Sports Roundup Submit a Sports Preview Submit HS Varsity Results Letter to the Editor Send a news tip Send a photo ​Suggest a correction ​New Business Bio Editor's Picks Most Voted Most Read Pittsburg: Change and Trump Pembroke: N.H.’s most ‘purple’ town Making sense of NH’s mixed election results Hanover: Clinton’s Granite State stronghold The voter trail: Key New Hampshire towns and how they voted Washington Post: Angry? Don’t blame this guy Letter: A cold and broken hallelujah Katy Burns (and Charlotte): A fight we cannot afford to lose Editorial: A season of tension and change Letter: Appalling display Concord Monitor Office 1 Monitor Drive Concord,NH 03301 603-224-5301 © 2016 Concord Monitor Reader Services Subscribe Manage Newsletters Contact Us Discussion FAQ Archive Advertise Pay My Bill Newspaper in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Notice RSS Feeds Advertise Advertise With Us Place Classified Ad Categories News Sports Obituaries Opinion Politics Arts & Life Contribute Correction Photo News Tip Letter to the Editor High School Sports Score Birth Engagement  Wedding Anniversary New Business Bio
Subscribe | Sign in. 48° Fair See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars Today's news Opinion: Maybe we aren’t alarmist enough Email Print Facebook Tweet Comment (1) By Leonard Pitts Jr. November 20, 2016 Advertisement A few days ago, a black woman I know got a text from a friend who asked what she’d be wearing “to the slave auction in January.” Another friend, who is white, wrote that she is “seriously picturing trains to Auschwitz. I can’t convey how seriously.” These are the kinds of conversations I find myself having in a world suddenly grown ominous and strange. You try to keep a level head, to remind yourself and others that the tragedies alluded to — slavery and the Holocaust — are unique. They are not going to repeat. We must not be too alarmist. But the hits just keep on coming. The other day, my brother reported seeing a pickup truck emblazoned with the Confederate battle flag tooling down the road in L.A. I lived in that city for 34 years, he’s lived there 47. Neither of us can recall ever seeing that before. A few days later, he tells me some random white lady screamed “N——r!” at him — just that word, no other commentary — because she didn’t like his driving. So it goes in these first days of the Trump era. You want to say it’s just your imagination inflating random badness into a narrative of racist white bully boys and girls feeling free to vent their hatred now that one of their own has come to power. One tends to see what one is looking for, after all. But if this is just imagination, there’s a lot of it going around. A black woman in a Wal-Mart parking lot says she was called “n——r b—-h” and told to go “back to Africa” by a truck full of white men who yelled “Make America white again!” before throwing cups full of chewing tobacco saliva on her. A black woman in Charlotte reports holding the door for an older white man in a veteran’s hat. She said, “Thank you for your service.” He said, “At least you n——rs are grateful for something.” Racist messages are sent to black freshmen at the University of Pennsylvania. On a train in Oregon, a group of teenagers gang up on a Muslim woman, calling her a terrorist and saying that Trump will deport her. A Latina woman in Texas says she was walking her baby in the park when a white woman in a truck sped by yelling, “White power!” In Raleigh, a man says he and his boyfriend were called “F——-g f——ts” in another episode of drive-by hate. In Durham, graffiti declares “Black lives doesn’t matter.” The Southern Poverty Law Center says it recorded 447 incidents of hateful intimidation and vandalism in the first five days after the election. Many perpetrators explicitly invoked Trump. SPLC president Richard Cohen told USA Today that the haters are now “feeling their oats.” I can testify to that. Shortly before the election, I received in response to a column on Trump an email from “Matt,” which said things like “I want you to read about your mom being raped by Muslim terrorists and then see her burned alive in a cage.” I am hardly a stranger to hate, but “Matt” represents a new level of sickness that has become sadly familiar in the last year and a half. With apologies to Stephen Stills, there’s something happening here; what it is ain’t exactly clear. No, it’s not slavery, nor is it Holocaust. But it is something. That much, we can no longer doubt. And I am reminded of German Jews who watched a monumental evil gather itself against them, all the while assuring one another that things weren’t as bad as they seemed, that their country would soon return to its senses. Meantime, the boxcars were lining up. To recall their response to a world suddenly grown ominous and strange is to wonder at our own. Maybe we are too alarmist. Or maybe we’re not alarmist enough. — Leonard Pitts Jr., winner of the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for commentary, is a columnist for the Miami Herald. Copyright 2016 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published. Print Favorite 1 comment E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: More like this story on LJWorld.com FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent in 2015 The day after: Clinton says U.S. owes Trump 'chance to lead' Analysis: Trump 'rigged' vote claim may leave lasting damage Comments Bob Summers 2 hours, 20 minutes ago Pitts would not talk this "alarmist" talk about Trump, if Trump had a black paterfamilias like Obama had. 1) Obama has assassinated Americans without judicial process. 2)He has traded killers for deserters. 3) He has promulgated "alarmist" hate for men in blue. 4) He has armed countries with ability to build nukes. 5)He has armed drug cartels and ISIS. 6)He preaches domestic terrorism, "alarmist", to snowflakes. But, Pitts cannot help his alarmist hatred rant for Trump. He has the genetic Liberal condition. This is how Liberals emotionally behave. 0 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Sign in to comment Login/Signup Marketplace Quality Electric Inc 785-843-9211 Find more businesses on Marketplace Arts & Entertainment · Bars · Theatres · Restaurants · Coffeehouses · Libraries · Antiques · Services Most discussed Most e-mailed KU football upsets Texas in overtime, wins first Big 12 game November 19, 2016 · 4 comments City considers rates that penalize high water consumption November 20, 2016 · 7 comments Opinion: Progressive America must resist Trump November 17, 2016 · 23 comments Kansas Congressman Pompeo is Trump's choice to be CIA director November 18, 2016 · 43 comments Opinion: We must dramatically increase voter turnout November 19, 2016 · 17 comments Hobbs Park mural altered with anti-Trump message November 17, 2016 · 33 comments Letter to the editor: A Trump hope November 15, 2016 · 79 comments Several hundred protest President-elect Trump in downtown Lawrence November 12, 2016 · 109 comments Rep. Jenkins exits U.S. House leadership, may mull Kansas governor's race November 16, 2016 · 26 comments Editorial: The Facebook problem November 18, 2016 · 21 comments More Foul trouble holding back KU freshman Josh Jackson November 19, 2016 Opinion: Did 'backfire effect' help Trump? November 16, 2016 Meet DeAngela Burns-Wallace, shepherd of KU undergrads November 20, 2016 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The World Company. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News 2016 Presidential Election Politics Crime Education Investigations Texas Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Teen left blind after surviving vicious beating, three gunshots in the head Filed under News at 12 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Claire Ballor Connect with Claire Ballor On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Two weeks ago, an 18-year-old woman was brutally beaten inside the Fort Worth house she shares with her boyfriend, but she managed to survive. Evelyn Bunte, who just moved to Fort Worth from Illinois to start her adult life, was shot in the head three times, stabbed, beaten and possibly strangled by a group of people who came into the home while she was sleeping on Nov. 5, according to KTVT-TV (Channel 11).  She is recovering at a rehabilitation hospital in Fort Worth where she is staying optimistic and gaining back her strength, but the violent attack left her blind and partially paralyzed. Police say they do not believe the attack was random, but they have not identified a motive or have made any arrests. The recent high school graduate moved to Fort Worth with plans to start classes at Tarrant County College next semester and was working a Wal-Mart job in the meantime to save up for a car. Her father, Victor Raga, who lives in Illinois, said he jumped on the first plane to Fort Worth when got the news of the attack. When he saw her waiting to go into surgery, he fell to his knees. "She said, 'Dad, don't cry. I'm still here. Please don't cry,'" Raga recalled. Raga said he never wanted his daughter to move to Fort Worth.  "She met people down here and got involved with probably a bad crowd, unbeknownst to me," he said. There were no witnesses to the attack except for Bunte, whose memory of the ordeal is foggy, but Raga said, "she fought back." Bunte's mobility is improving and she's staying positive despite her injuries. "You might as well stay positive," she said. "There's no sense in feeling bad for yourself." Her dad believes Bunte "has angels by her side" and says her recovery has been miraculous, but he is hoping that justice is served. "I just pray every day that the police will get some guidance and put this person or persons where they belong, and that's in jail," he said. A GoFundMe account for Bunte's long recovery has been set up. View Comments Tags News Fort Worth Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
State Police will not handle calls to Derby Wal-Mart - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH WCAX Investigates The :30 Super Seniors Recipes & Food Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy WCAX Weather Team Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club WCAX Sports Team Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes State Police will not handle calls to Derby Wal-Mart Posted: Saturday, November 19, 2016 11:17 PM EST Updated: Saturday, November 19, 2016 11:17 PM EST By WCAX News BioEmail Connect Biography news@wcax.com Follow @WCAX DERBY, Vt - State Police want nothing to do with the new Wal-Mart in Derby. The retail store opened this week to hundreds in Orleans County. If there are any fender benders or shop lifting at the store state police say they won't respond. The Caledonian Record reports state police have written to selectmen saying they won't handle traffic or minor incidents at Walmart. The chairman of the Selectboard said state police did not need to send the letter because they plan on using the sheriff's department for issues.   Local NewsMore>> In The Kitchen on The Weekend: Cooking a turkey in 1 hour In The Kitchen on The Weekend: Cooking a turkey in 1 hour Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 9:58 AM EST2016-11-20 14:58:56 GMT Alex Hirsch is in Julie Kelley's kitchen cooking a turkey in one hour. Alex Hirsch is in Julie Kelley's kitchen cooking a turkey in one hour. Washington County State's Attorney Scott Williams to be honored tomorrow Washington County State's Attorney Scott Williams to be honored tomorrow Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 9:42 AM EST2016-11-20 14:42:39 GMT The shooting of a DCF worker in Vermont has led to changes in safety measures. The shooting of a DCF worker in Vermont has led to changes in safety measures. Part of Burlington Bike Path closed Part of Burlington Bike Path closed Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 9:35 AM EST2016-11-20 14:35:40 GMT Burlington was hoping for the opportunity to have an extended season of construction on the bike path.  Burlington was hoping for the opportunity to have an extended season of construction on the bike path.  Power Outages across the region Power Outages across the region Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 9:30 AM EST2016-11-20 14:30:51 GMT Green Mountain Power crews began responding early Sunday morning to outages caused by heavy, wet snow bringing down trees onto power lines across Vermont. Green Mountain Power crews began responding early Sunday morning to outages caused by heavy, wet snow bringing down trees onto power lines across Vermont. Update at 9:21 a.m.: Vermont State Police say multiple gun shots shut down areas of Saxtons River Update at 8:21 a.m.: Vermont State Police has confirmed dangerous situation in Saxtons River has ended Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 9:26 AM EST2016-11-20 14:26:08 GMT Vermont State Police are telling everyone to stay out of the Saxton's River Area where they are currently on scene. They describe the situation going on in River Street off of Main Street and fluid. They are warning anyone who lives there to stay inside and anyone trying to get in to go to a family members in a different area. We will continue to update you with more information as soon as we know more. Vermont State Police are telling everyone to stay out of the Saxton's River Area where they are currently on scene. They describe the situation going on in River Street off of Main Street and fluid. They are warning anyone who lives there to stay inside and anyone trying to get in to go to a family members in a different area. We will continue to update you with more information as soon as we know more. State Police will not handle calls to Derby Wal-Mart State Police will not handle calls to Derby Wal-Mart Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:17 PM EST2016-11-20 04:17:31 GMT If there are any fender benders or shop lifting at the store state police say they won't respond. If there are any fender benders or shop lifting at the store state police say they won't respond. New York woman traveling country for inspirational stories New York woman traveling country for inspirational stories Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 10:00 PM EST2016-11-20 03:00:41 GMT A New York woman is traveling across the country in search of inspiring stories to share.  A New York woman is traveling across the country in search of inspiring stories to share.  Working out for a good cause in St. Albans Working out for a good cause in St. Albans Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 9:59 PM EST2016-11-20 02:59:32 GMT More than 30 people hit the gym Saturday in St. Albans, and not just to get in shape, but to support a good cause. More than 30 people hit the gym Saturday in St. Albans, and not just to get in shape, but to support a good cause. News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds The :30 You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Community Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App WCAX Stream jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
clock menu more-arrow troy nunes is an absolute magician Nunes Magician Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Fanposts Fanshots Sections Library Orange Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub more Fanposts Fanshots Sections Syracuse Basketball Syracuse Football Syracuse Lacrosse Syracuse Football Recruiting Syracuse Basketball Recruiting Full Archive Library Buy Official TNIAAM Gear In The TNIAAM Shoppe Troy Nunes Is An Absolute Podcast Syracuse Future Football Opponents Contact TNIAAM Orange Stories Schedule Roster Stats Yahoo Orange News Yahoo Orange Team Page Yahoo Orange Transactions Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub ✕ Syracuse Football Syracuse vs. Florida State Three things we learned from Syracuse’s loss to Florida State New, 14 comments Learning is what we should truly be thankful for this year. by Ari Gilberg@arigilberg Nov 19, 2016, 7:38pm EST tweet share pin Rec Mark Konezny-USA TODAY Sports The Syracuse Orange (4-7, 2-5 in ACC) dropped its third consecutive game on Saturday after being blown out 45-14 by the Florida State Seminoles (8-3, 5-2 in ACC). No. 17 Florida State opened the game hot, quickly jumping out to an early 21-0 lead to dispel any ridiculous notion of a potential Syracuse upset. Here are three things we learned from Syracuse’s latest loss. Time to Hop Off the Mahoney Bandwagon Syracuse backup quarterback Zack Mahoney developed a cult following last season after “leading” the Orange to close losses against LSU and Clemson. However, after another poor performance, the Mahoney bandwagon now looks more bare than the shelves at your local Walmart after Black Friday. Officer Mahoney looked more like Hall Monitor Mahoney on Saturday, as the backup quarterback struggled mightily against the Seminoles’ stiff defense. Mahoney, who started in-place of the injured Eric Dungey, finished the game 16-of-36 passing for 196 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions. In addition, Mahoney was also sacked eight times. However, even those numbers don’t properly tell the whole story as Mahoney boosted his stats with a lucky 46-yard Hail Mary touchdown to Amba Etta-Tawo to close out the first half. That long touchdown may have saved Mahoney from being benched, as up to that point the former walk-on completed just nine-of-19 passes for 92 yards and had thrown two ugly interceptions. Mahoney has started six games for Syracuse. His record stands at 1-5, with his lone win coming against Boston College, and he has failed to complete more than 50 percent of his passes in any of his six starts. While Mahoney provided some inspirational moments last season, it’s time to finally accept what he is: a former walk-on quarterback who has plenty of heart, but not nearly enough actual passing skills to succeed at the Divison-1 level. All Aboard the #HofrichterForHeisman Campaign Sterling Hofrichter was in a tough and peculiar situation at the start of this season. It isn’t every day you’re asked to replace a legend – even less likely when you’re a punter. And yet, that is the exact situation Hofricher found himself in when he was asked to take over punting duties after Riley Dixon graduated and left for greener pastures in the NFL. Hofrichter got off to a rocky start and drew the ire of Syracuse fans still reeling from the loss of Dixon after the redshirt freshman shanked several punts in his first few games. However, it’s time to let bygones be bygones. While Hofrichter doesn’t posses the same flare for the dramatics as Dixon, what he does possess is a strong leg that has led to several booming punts. In nine of Syracuse’s 11 games, Hofrichter has recorded a punt that traveled at least 50 yards – including a 65-yard punt against NC State and a 61-yard punt against Louisville. Hofrichter punted nine times on Saturday, averaging 44.4 yards per punt. Despite his first punt being partially-blocked and terrible blocking all game, he was still able to pin Florida State within their own 20-yard line on five occasions. What If...? What if Eric Dungey didn’t get injured and was healthy enough to play? That’s the question Syracuse fans should be asking themselves after watching Saturday’s blowout loss. While Dungey most likely wouldn’t have done enough to lead Syracuse to a win, he most certainly would have been able to take advantage of Flordia State’s surprisingly mediocre pass defense to pad both his and Etta-Tawo’s stats. While Mahoney finished with a lackluster stats line, it wasn’t for a lack of trying by Florida State’s pass defense. Several times, Mahoney had an open receiver down the field only to overthrew him due to his inaccurate passing and lack of chemistry. Which, once again, begs the question what if it was Dungey behind center and not Mahoney? Prior to Dungey being forced out of Syracuse’s loss to Clemson, both he and Etta-Tawo were on pace to break several records and were near the top of the country’s leader boards in terms of passing and receiving categories. Dungey was on pace to break Syracuse’s single-season record for pass attempts, completions and yards. While Etta-Tawo ended up breaking Syracuse’s single-season record for both receiving yards and catches despite Dungey’s absence, his numbers are nowhere near where they were when Dungey was at quarterback. The graduate transfer was held to just two receptions for 58 yards (albeit, one of those catches was for a touchdown) against Florida State. BONUS: Tommy DeVito Can’t Get Here Fast Enough With Dungey’s injury history, and the lack of talented backup quarterbacks behind him, this one just goes without saying. *** What else did you learn from Syracuse’s loss? Leave a comment below and let us know. Next Up In Syracuse Football Syracuse vs. Florida State: Five things to watch Syracuse introduces another first-time uniform combination vs. Florida State Troy Nunes Is An Absolute Podcast: Syracuse vs. Florida State/Monmouth preview Syracuse vs. FSU: TV listings, time, odds, history & more Syracuse football injuries piling up: Ishmael, Byrne sound questionable at best Trending Taurean Thompson got precautionary X-rays after Syracuse win Syracuse 71 - Monmouth 50: Orange Down Hawks in Second Half Syracuse recruiting: Quade Green announcing Saturday, may sign early Recruiting: 2017 PF/C Bourama Sidibe to announce commitment Monday UPDATE: Five-star Syracuse target Billy Preston chooses Kansas Find Tickets There are no upcoming events. See Other Events From our sponsor Stubhub Logo Team Shop Syracuse Orange Stadium Athletic Arch & Logo Pullover Hoodie - Navy $27.99 Buy Now Syracuse Orange Nike 2016 Sideline Vapor Fly Rush Half-Zip Pullover Jacket - Orange $74.99 Buy Now Syracuse Orange Women's Ombre Long Sleeve Dip-Dyed Spirit Jersey - Navy $51.99 Buy Now This Article has a component height of 23. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... Chorus FanPosts FanShots Masthead Community Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles Vox Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse plaguing retail and crush Black Friday Kate Taylor Nov. 19, 2016, 6:43 PM 6,813 facebook linkedin twitter email print Spencer Platt/Getty Images Black Friday has certainly lost some of its luster. This year it may even lose its title as the biggest shopping day of the year.  But one type of retailer is predicted to thrive this Thanksgiving week: dollar stores.  According to data from location tracking company Foursquare, discount stores, such as dollar stores, are gaining in foot traffic this year as Black Friday approaches. While most retailers are expecting a slump in foot traffic, Foursquare predicts that the number of visits to dollar stores this year will exceed the last two years.  Typically, discount stores don't experience the Black Friday boost that retailers like Macy's and Walmart rely on to increase sales, according to Foursquare. Dollar stores and other similarly deeply-discounted retailers usually gain momentum later in the holiday season. Foursquare But this year, dollar stores are predicted to pull off a Black Friday win for two reasons. First, this year customers are less interested in traditional Black Friday sales. Second, more and more Americans are interested in deep-discount retailers year-round, a phenomenon that has helped fuel the growth of dollar stores across the county.  Foursquare data predicts that overall Black Friday Foot traffic will be down about 3.5% compared to last year — a decrease, but one that isn't as severe as the year-over-year drop from 2014 to 2015. Last year, Black Friday sales fell 12% to $10.2 billion compared to a year before, according to ShopperTrak. Looking at the entire four-day weekend, brick-and-mortar retail sales fell by 10.4%, to $20.4 billion last year. Black Friday's decline doesn't mean that people don't care about deals. They do. In fact, discount shoppers account for two-thirds of all customers, according to a July study by the industry research firm NPD Group. But shoppers have become accustomed to finding deals all year long, not just on Black Friday.  Flickr / m01229 That has led to a growing appreciation for dollar stores and other deep-discount retail chains. While department stores like Macy's, Nordstrom, and Kohl's have struggled to convince shoppers to buy items at full price, dollar stores are attracting shoppers with their consistently super-low prices.  "The last 10 years have seen dramatic growth within value retail, including the rapid growth in dollar stores and also the arrival and expansion of limited assortment/deep discount retailers," Jordan Rost, the vice president of consumer insights at Nielsen, told Business Insider. "These stores are eating into the share of wallet for traditional, mainstream supermarkets and mass merchandisers, leading to contractions in that channel." The number of dollar stores in the US has grown by 45% in the last 10 years, reaching 28,048 locations in 2016, according to Nielsen data.  Dollar stores aren't just popular among lower-income bargain shoppers. Affluent millennials are shopping at the super-discount retailers more and more. The number of heads of households under 35 who earn more than $100,000 a year and shop at dollar stores rose 7.1% from 2012 to 2015.  The scope of what people are shopping for at dollar stores is also growing. From July 2015 to 2016, the number of customers who purchased meat or poultry from a dollar store in the previous three months more than doubled, from 3% to 7%.   NOW WATCH: Why McDonald's and Chipotle test new food concepts in Ohio Loading video... More: Retail Black Friday black friday 2016 Dollar Store facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse plaguing retail and crush Black Friday An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse plaguing retail and crush Black Friday Black Friday has certainly lost some of its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Download the new Yahoo Mail app Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... So., 20. Nov 2016, 18:53 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte geschlossen An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse plaguing retail and crush Black FridayVon Kate Taylor | Business Insider – vor 18 Stunden Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Black Friday has certainly lost some of its luster. This year it may even lose its title as the biggest shopping day of the year.  But one type of retailer is predicted to thrive this Thanksgiving week: dollar stores.  According to data from location tracking company Foursquare, discount stores, such as dollar stores, are gaining in foot traffic this year as Black Friday approaches. While most retailers are expecting a slump in foot traffic, Foursquare predicts that the number of visits to dollar stores this year will exceed the last two years.  Typically, discount stores don't experience the Black Friday boost that retailers like Macy's and Walmart rely on to increase sales, according to Foursquare. Dollar stores and other similarly deeply-discounted retailers usually gain momentum later in the holiday season. (Foursquare) But this year, dollar stores are predicted to pull off a Black Friday win for two reasons. First, this year customers are less interested in traditional Black Friday sales. Second, more and more Americans are interested in deep-discount retailers year-round, a phenomenon that has helped fuel the growth of dollar stores across the county.  Foursquare data predicts that overall Black Friday Foot traffic will be down about 3.5% compared to last year — a decrease, but one that isn't as severe as the year-over-year drop from 2014 to 2015. Last year, Black Friday sales fell 12% to $10.2 billion compared to a year before, according to ShopperTrak. Looking at the entire four-day weekend, brick-and-mortar retail sales fell by 10.4%, to $20.4 billion last year. Black Friday's decline doesn't mean that people don't care about deals. They do. In fact, discount shoppers account for two-thirds of all customers, according to a July study by the industry research firm NPD Group. But shoppers have become accustomed to finding deals all year long, not just on Black Friday.  (Flickr / m01229) That has led to a growing appreciation for dollar stores and other deep-discount retail chains. While department stores like Macy's, Nordstrom, and Kohl's have struggled to convince shoppers to buy items at full price, dollar stores are attracting shoppers with their consistently super-low prices.  "The last 10 years have seen dramatic growth within value retail, including the rapid growth in dollar stores and also the arrival and expansion of limited assortment/deep discount retailers," Jordan Rost, the vice president of consumer insights at Nielsen, told Business Insider. "These stores are eating into the share of wallet for traditional, mainstream supermarkets and mass merchandisers, leading to contractions in that channel." The number of dollar stores in the US has grown by 45% in the last 10 years, reaching 28,048 locations in 2016, according to Nielsen data.  Dollar stores aren't just popular among lower-income bargain shoppers. Affluent millennials are shopping at the super-discount retailers more and more. The number of heads of households under 35 who earn more than $100,000 a year and shop at dollar stores rose 7.1% from 2012 to 2015.  The scope of what people are shopping for at dollar stores is also growing. From July 2015 to 2016, the number of customers who purchased meat or poultry from a dollar store in the previous three months more than doubled, from 3% to 7%.   NOW WATCH: Why McDonald's and Chipotle test new food concepts in Ohio More From Business Insider How Target, Walmart, and Amazon are facing the ultimate challenge on the biggest shopping days of the year Iowa restaurant sparks outrage for charging Trump voters higher prices 3 NBA teams are reportedly ditching Trump-branded hotels TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News Deutsche-Bank-Großaktionäre halten an Chefkontrolleur festdpa VW baut weltweit 30 000 Stellen abdpa Anzeige  42 Prozent mehr Sprit: So massiv liegen Herstellerangaben danebenYahoo Finanzen Briten diskutieren über Johnsons «Prosecco-Beleidigung»dpa Zum IT-Gipfel starten Deutschlands erste «Smart Schools»dpa Personal finance Das ist der beste Tag, um krank zu feiern – und nicht erwischt zu werdenYahoo Finanzen Die interessantesten Discounter-Angebote der Woche (ab 17.11.2016)Yahoo Finanzen Anzeige  WISO: Warum billiges Fleisch lebensgefährlich sein kannYahoo Finanzen Vermögenswirksame Leistungen richtig nutzenYahoo Finanzen Krankfeiern, aber bitte richtig! Das sind die Rechte und Pflichte der ArbeitnehmerYahoo Finanzen Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals Microsoft previews deals on Surface tablets, Dell laptops; plenty of Windows 10 machine deals surface in other retailers' Black Friday 2016 ads Bob Brown (Network World) 20 November, 2016 10:14 - - - - print email Comments While Windows phone deals are not surprisingly few and far between for Black Friday 2016, plenty of other Microsoft Windows desktops and laptops, Surface tablets and Xbox gaming deals can be had this holiday shopping season. Come Nov. 25, and even earlier for Microsoft itself and retailers, here are some of the best deals around. (Websites such as BFads.net, BlackFriday.com and BestBlackFriday.com have all been helpful in collecting this information.)  Windows Laptops & PCs Microsoft Store: Dell Inspiron 15 The price on this 15.6-inch touchscreen laptop sinks from $750 to $400 on Nov. 24. The machine has an Intel Core i5-6200U processor, 8GB of memory, 1TB of storage and runs Windows 10 Home, 64-bit edition. Office Depot/Office Max: HP 15-inch Windows 10 laptop This system boasts an Intel i7 CPU, 8GB of RAM, 1TB of storage and comes in at $450, or $400 off the usual price. Note that other HP systems from Office Depot/Office Max can also be had for $270 and $330 with less powerful processors. Best Buy: Lenovo 2-in-1 Yoga 900 laptop This versatile system is powered by an Intel Core i7 processor, has a 13.3-inch touchscreen, 8GB of memory and 256GB of storage. Regularly priced at $1,200, you can get it this holiday season for $700 at Best Buy. Staples: Dell Inspiron 15555-0012 laptop This Windows 10 systemf with a 15.6-inch display is reduced from $430 to $270 for Black Friday, and includes a quad-core AMD A8 processor, 6GB of RAM and 500GB of storage. Sam’s Club: HP 15.6-inch HD notebook Powered by an AMD A10-9600 quad-core processor and boasting 8GB of memory, a 1TB Hard Drive and Windows 10 Home software. All this can be yours for $300, rather than the usual $450 price (online only deal). Available in: Cardinal Red, Dreamy Teal, Nobel Blue  HP: Envy 15t laptop This 15-inch touch-optional Windows 10 laptop is powered by an Intel i7 processor, has 6GB of RAM and 1TB of storage. Regularly priced at $830, HP is selling it for $600 starting on Thanksgiving Day. HP Envy 15t laptop HP: Omen Desktop 870-120st This Windows 10 Home 64 gaming system, marked down from $1,800 to $1,300, cranks via an Intel Core i7-6700 CPU (four cores), an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card, 8MB shared cache, 16GB of memory and 1TB of storage. HP: Elite Slice X2 1012 G1 2-in-1 laptop This 12-inch touch display tablet/laptop combo usually starts at more than $2,000, but the price has been slashed nearly in half for HP’s Black Friday sale. The system runs Windows 10 Pro 64 and boasts a 6th generation Intel Core m processor and Intel HD Graphics 515 processor. It has 4GB of memory and 180GB of storage. Dell Inspiron 11 3000 2-in-1 laptop Dell is marking down this flexible laptop/tablet from $350 to $200 online for Black Friday. The machine, which weighs in at just over 3 pounds, boasts Windows 10 Home, 4GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drive. BJ’s Wholesale Club HP 15.6-inch laptop computer with Microsoft Office 365 Personal Lop $220 off the price of this bundle to come in at $500 for the package. The machine boasts 1TB of storage, 8GB of memory and an Intel Core i7 processor. Walmart: RCA RCA Cambio 10.1-inch 2-in-1 laptop This Windows 10 laptop/tablet combo has 32GB of storage and is powered by an Intel Tablet Atom Z3735F quad-core processor. Black Friday starts at 6pm on Thanksgiving day at Walmart stores and all-day online on Nov. 24. Dell Inspiron Micro Desktop This compact desktop will run you just $100, half off of Dell’s usual price (though we’ve seen it listed for as much as $350 too). The machine runs Windows 10 Home, has 4GB of memory and a 1TB hard drive. It’s powered by a 6th generation Intel Core i36100 processor. hhgregg: HP 14-inch AMD dual-core CPU powered laptop This system with Windows 10 Home, 4GB of RAM, 32GB hard drive and an AMD E2-7110 processor can be had for $180 ($40 suggested manufacturer’s retail price). Newegg: Acer 15.6-inch gaming laptop Boasts an Intel Core i5 6200U (2.30GHz) processor, 8GB of RAM, 128 GB SSD and 1TB HDD. It runs Windows 10.  Microsoft Surface tablets Microsoft Store: Surface Book 256GB model Microsoft on 11/24 (Thanksgiving Day) cuts the price of this tablet from $1,900 to $1,500. It's powered by an Intel 6th generation i5 processor and has 8GB of RAM. The touchscreen display is 13.5 inches in size and the machine runs Windows 10 Pro. Best Buy: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 tablet You can get this Windows tablet with a 12.3-inch screen, signature type cover and Intel Core m3 processor for $600 ($400 off). Note that the pen is sold separately. Staples: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 i5 tablet This high-end tablet is going for $800 at Staples on Black Friday, down from the usual price of $1,000. This Intel Core i5 processor-powered tablet has a 12.3-inch display and runs Windows 10. It includes 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. Keep in mind that while this tablet comes with a Surface Pen, it doesn’t include a detachable keyboard – that’ll run you another $100 or so. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 i5 tablet Office Depot/Office Max: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 tablet 12.3-inch tablet powered by Intel Core i5 processor, with 4GB of RAM, 128GB hard drive and Windows 10 software. Includes the Surface Pen, but type cover sold separately.  Marked down from $1,000 to $800. Warning that the device is not available in most stores, so would likely need to be an online purchase. Microsoft Xbox gaming system Kohl’s: Xbox One S Minecraft Console Bundle While Xbox One bundles are generally going for $250 this holiday shopping season ($50 off retail), Kohl’s kicks in another $75 in Kohl’s cash to be spent later on. Deal starts Nov. 21 and lasts until 1pm on Friday Nov. 25, in stores and online, while supplies last. GameStop: Xbox One S 500 Games of War bundle This package will go for $250 ($50 off), plus exclusive blue console and controllers available (Microsoft has actually branched out beyond black and white systems with a variety of limited edition colors). GameStop isn’t open on Thanksgiving Day, but its deals are expected to be available at least by then online. Dollar General  Xbox Live Gold membership card The store is offering 50% off the usual 3-month Microsoft Xbox Gold Membership card, listed at $25. Brand Post Whaling Anatomy of an Attack Protecting Your Organisation from CEO Email Scams More from Mimecast Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags DellMicrosoftXboxWalMartWindows 10Microsoft Surface Pro More about AcerAMDBest BuyDellGeForceHomeHPIntelLenovoMicrosoftOffice DepotOffice MaxRCAStaplesXbox Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Checklist: How to Keep Cyberattacks in Check Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. Latest Jobs ITIL Productivity Support Officer - contract Initially - Sydney NSW SOE Architect NSW EPAS Technical Support Officers NSW Chief Enterprise Architect NSW SAP Test Manager NSW Azure/Sharepoint Developer NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Network Engineer - IT managed services ACT Network Solution Designer/Architect - Finance - Contract - Sydney NSW Senior Test Analyst QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Little-known SaaS provider helps CIOs corral IT costs Intel chases AI with new chips, but still lacks a potent GPU GE wants Predix to be the Windows of industrial IoT In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation Messaging and collaboration tools are most valuable enterprise apps CSO Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk Attacks to make Ask.com Toolbar a conduit for malware are nipped in the bud IoT attacks could bring real-world damage UK mobile operator loses phones following data breach Ransomware victims able to thwart attacks, report says Computerworld How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Computerworld's holiday gift guide 2016 (with video!) Government to loan NBN money to complete rollout ARN IT workers singled out amid 457 visa changes Govt stumps up $19.5 billion loan to finish NBN rollout ​Cloud services spend set to rise as IT budgets realign ​Dicker Data ranks highest among Cisco regional distributors ​Meet the fastest growing tech companies in Australia… Techworld Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk The IRS wants to ID every US Coinbase user from 2013 to 2015 CMO LinkedIn, Facebook, Google marketers weigh in on digital marketing success 5 lessons in change from Wunderman-Bienalto’s Hurol Inan Facebook admits to further reporting errors, proposes metrics overhaul Telstra looks to bolster customer advocacy with refined CX and network investment strategy Panel: Tackling customer problems and corporate culture core to digital transformation strategy Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 54° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Partly cloudy skies this morning will give way to occasional showers during the afternoon. High around 70F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight Rain likely. Thunder possible. Low 51F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 8:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Sponsored Bakersfield Life Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Close By Felix Adamo / The Californian In this file photo, shoppers crowd Valley Plaza on Black Friday looking for the perfect gift and starting the holiday shopping season. Going Thanksgiving Day/Black Friday shopping? Here's a guide THE BAKERSFIELD CALIFORNIAN cbedell 19 hrs ago 0 By Felix Adamo / The Californian In this file photo, shoppers crowd Valley Plaza on Black Friday looking for the perfect gift and starting the holiday shopping season. If you’re one of those who likes to go after all those retail deals on Thanksgiving and/or Black Friday, it’s a good to get a game plan going. We’re here to help you. We called around to the major retailers in town to see when they’ll be open both days and put together this list: THANKSGIVING DAY Macy’s: Opens at 5 p.m. and remains so until 11 p.m. Friday JC Penney: Opens at 3 p.m. and remains so until 5 p.m. Friday Target (Valley Plaza): Opens at 6 p.m. and remains so through Friday until midnight Target (Northeast): Opens at 6 p.m. and remains so until 11 p.m. Friday Target (Northwest Promenade): Opens at 6 p.m.and remains so until 11 p.m. Friday Target (Shops at Riverwalk): Opens at 6 p.m. and remains so through Friday until midnight Nordstrom Rack: Closed Sears: Open 6 p.m. to midnight Best Buy: Open 5 p.m. to 1 a.m. Valley Plaza: 6 p.m. to midnight (the Apple store will be closed Thanksgiving but open 8 a.m. Friday) T.J. Maxx: Closed Toys”R”Us: Opens at 5 p.m. and remains so until 11 p.m. Friday. Walmart (Northwest Promenade): Open 24 hours. Black Friday deals from 5 a.m. to 2 p.m. Walmart (Colony Street): Open 6 a.m. to midnight both Thanksgiving and Black Friday Walmart (Fashion Place NE): Opens at 6 a.m. and remains so all day Friday until midnight Walmart (Gosford Road): Open 24 hours. Black Friday deals start at midnight. Kohl's (Northwest Promenade and Southwest): Opens at 6 p.m. and remains so all day Friday until midnight BLACK FRIDAY Macy’s: See above JC Penney: See above Target: See above Nordstrom Rack: Open 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sears: Open 5 a.m.-10 p.m. Best Buy: Open 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Valley Plaza: Open 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. T.J. Maxx (Ming Avenue): Open 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. T.J. Maxx (Stockdale Highway): Open 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Walmart: See above cbedell Follow cbedell Close Get email notifications on cbedell daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever cbedell posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow cbedell Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Local Video Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus Fair official fudged auction doc: 'I thought I was helping' KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session Tulare prosecutors clear KHSD police chief of wrongdoing Festive first Bakersfield Marathon has late start, quiet finish Goh wins Bakersfield mayoral race Kern prosecutor faces potential one-year suspension for falsifying confession Valley fever cases spike. Is it the weather? LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance Zach Ewing's playoff quarterfinals previews and predictions Images Videos Commented LOIS HENRY: Trustee upset by harsh press: Someone call a waaambulance (15) KHSD board allows teachers to carry guns on campus (9) How do we convince anti-oil activists our water is safe? (7) DANNY MORRISON: Dear Trump voters: Your hypocrisy is showing (7) KHSD to force CCW gun vote in unusual special session (6) Before gun vote, KHSD receives flood of concern from teachers (6) LOIS HENRY: Oilfield water injection nothing to fear (6) COMMUNITY VOICES: KHSD vote creates campus dystopia (5) Community Voices: KHSD board is dead wrong about guns on campus (5) Community Voices: Bakersfield is drowning in debt (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
Reason.com Free Minds & Free Markets TRENDING TOPICS CLOSE Election 2016 Gary Johnson Marijuana Ballot Initiatives Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Freedom of Speech Police College PC Marijuana Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Supreme Court Presidential Debate MENU CLOSE Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Digital/Print Magazine Subscribe GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Donate Shop Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Font Size + Font Size - submit Election 2016 Gary Johnson Marijuana Ballot Initiatives Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Freedom of Speech More Police College PC Marijuana Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Supreme Court Presidential Debate More Will OpenBazaar Succeed Where Silk Road Failed? A new company looks to erase the limits on what can be bought and sold online. Sean Malone from the December 2016 issue - view article in the Digital Edition EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT Sean MaloneOpenBazaar—a blockchain-based, fully decentralized online market—makes it possible to sell anything to anyone, anywhere in the word, for free. RELATED ARTICLES Ross Ulbricht's Silk Road Appeal: One Judge Seems to Question His Life Sentence without Parole Brian Doherty|10.07.16 Ross Ulbricht's Conviction, Sentencing for Running Silk Road Should be Overturned, Argues New Reply Brief Brian Doherty|8.02.16 Ross Ulbricht's Sentencing Indecent, Based on Procedural and Substantive Errors, New Amicus Brief Argues Brian Doherty|3.16.16 MORE ARTICLES BY Sean Malone Can OpenBazaar Make Free Trade Unstoppable? 8.08.16 2:57 pm Remy: iPhone Bling (FBI vs. Apple) 3.04.16 4:10 pm Remy: Straight Outta Homeroom 9.30.15 11:01 am Online Market Peer-to-peer Silk Road We know what you're probably thinking: Hasn't that been tried before, and didn't it land Ross Ulbricht in prison for life without the possibility of parole? But the team at OB1, the company that's developing the OpenBazaar network, is quick to point out that their product doesn't have the vulnerabilities of Silk Road, the online marketplace Ulbricht ran that got him busted for money laundering and conspiracy to traffic drugs. For one thing, OpenBazaar is not a website—it's a peer-to-peer network that runs on open-source software that users download and install on their computers, similar to a BitTorrent client. The software connects people to a network where they can trade with other users without a middleman taking a cut. Unlike Silk Road and eBay, OB1 doesn't maintain servers, host product listings, or store transaction data. Because of that structure, the company has no control over what is bought and sold. Whereas the online craft market Etsy forbids the sale of Washington Redskins–branded merchandise, for example, and Walmart restricts the sale of music bearing a "parental advisory" label, OpenBazaar puts absolutely no limits on what can be listed. And since the source code is publicly available, it would be virtually impossible for a governmental entity to shut the platform down. "We're merely providing a software tool to the masses, and each user is deciding what they do, how they participate on the network," explains OB1's 33-year-old CEO, Brian Hoffman. "So just as someone can write something derogatory in a Microsoft Word document, Microsoft is not liable for that." It's this aspect of the system—the direct interaction between individual users, free from political oversight—that worries critics. Won't OpenBazaar become simply a means for buying narcotics and other contraband? In fact, OB1 has its sights set on something far bigger than the drug trade. It intends to compete with the giants of online commerce like Amazon and Alibaba and disrupt the very nature of the world's $1.6 trillion internet commerce industry. And it has gotten some significant support as it pursues that lofty goal. Last year, the company received $1 million in venture capital from cryptocurrency heavyweights Union Square Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz. Angel investor William Mougayar, too, has contributed seed funding to the venture. "While it may seem amazing that Silk Road did hundreds of millions of dollars, maybe even a billion dollars, worth of illegal goods, a billion dollars is nothing in terms of how much e-commerce gets done each year," Hoffman says. "If six months from now OpenBazaar is just flooded with drug listings and illegal services, then most likely it wasn't a good enough solution for the world's trade. I would consider that a failure, because this is more about building a free market, not just an illegal market." He points to small businesses all over the planet that are already springing up to sell their wares—from comic books to caramel waffle cookies—using the OpenBazaar platform. "If we work hard to allow users to self-police, to do things legally, properly, easily, cheaply," he says, "they will rush in and overwhelm whatever could possibly come in from the dark side of the internet." Photo Credit: Sean Malone Sean W. Malone is the owner of CitizenA Media, a company specializing in creative consulting, film and video production, motion graphics design, animation, and original music composition. Media Contact Reprint Requests EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT VIEW COMMENTS (247) | LEAVE A COMMENT Editor's Note: We invite comments and request that they be civil and on-topic. We do not moderate or assume any responsibility for comments, which are owned by the readers who post them. Comments do not represent the views of Reason.com or Reason Foundation. We reserve the right to delete any comment for any reason at any time. Report abuses. On select articles, Reason is testing a new comment promotion feature developed by SolidOpinion. Commenters can purchase points and bid to promote their comments and/or the comments of others. Winning comments are displayed at the top of the comment thread for each article, and are identified as “promoted comments.” Point purchases and bidding are handled SolidOpinion. Please send any questions and feedback to promoted-comments@reason.com. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Solidopinion. Gozer the Gozarian|10.27.16 @ 11:21AM|# Even though they are playing the "we're not hosting it" card, Napster and LimeWire were both shut down for "enabling or facilitating" illegal activity. So they are still operating in a gray area and will most likely come under some significant governmental pressure if they reach a critical mass. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 1:00PM|# Not any gray area to it from the standpoint of, if a state actor wants them shut down they will be. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ChloeGilbert|11.20.16 @ 12:13PM|# My best friend's sister makes $90 an hour on the internet . She has been out of a job for six months but last month her check was $14750 just working on the internet for a few hours. Go this website and click tech tab to start your work…this website….... www.Trends88.com reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Baron Von Weinermobile|11.19.16 @ 2:54PM|# That's not how it works. There is nothing to shutdown. Napster and Limewire both were companies that either stored the actual files or hosted the exchange website, which means there was centralized data on servers somewhere. This project seems to be built on blockchain. If this is the case, then there is no centralized data to go after. There are no servers. The gov. would have to find a flaw in the software or go after every individual computer/mobile phone on earth that has stored the protocol. Sure they can punish the creator after the fact but you can't put the genie back in the bottle once it's out. that is the beauty of blockchain and distributed networks. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply jester|11.19.16 @ 3:31PM|# ...and the govt loves low hanging fruit. It'll fit right in with their approach to making the world safe...for children. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 8:29PM|# They'll probably be happy to not be able to shut it down. Think of how many more pigs they can hire to go after end users selling cupcakes with a license. For the children. You just can't have people buying and selling anything they want. Something bad might happen. I predict loads of media pants shitting followed by sheep pants shitting over this. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 8:32PM|# Without a license of course. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 5:19PM|# similar to a BitTorrent client And the government quickly "made an example" of several users of that software before apparently deciding it wasn't worth the effort. Unless this is completely encrypted and hidden from our betters, I don't see how this would be any less subject to punishment. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply combroo|11.20.16 @ 11:54AM|# Just Relaks - If This Sound Good For You - Popcorn First !!! Latest Update More HD Quality Movie Complete Available Here: ☛ ☛ ☛ http://bit.ly/2g6t4Gl ☛ ☛ ☛ Happy & Enjoy to Watch For Free reply to this report spam log in or register to reply combroo|11.20.16 @ 11:57AM|# Just Relaks - If This Sound Good For You - Popcorn First !!! Latest Update More HD Quality Movie Complete Available Here: ☛ ☛ ☛ http://bit.ly/2g6t4Gl ☛ ☛ ☛ Happy & Enjoy to Watch For Free reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Inigo Montoya|11.19.16 @ 8:57AM|# I don't get the thinking that goes against such networks. When it comes to drugs, those should all be legal anyway. Unless you force someone to take drugs, where is the crime? As for stuff that is and should be illegal, such as hiring a hit man for example, what does the venue have to do with anything? If you meet a hitman in a coffee shop, they don't go after the coffee shop, do they? That's because they realize that coffee shops can't vet all their customers or monitor each customer's conversation. Why is the web different? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Lurk Diggler|11.19.16 @ 1:43PM|# Look at this guy trying to opress us with logic. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Agammamon|11.19.16 @ 2:45PM|# Uh, actually they do. At least when it comes to drugs. Run a low-rent motel in a down-scale neighborhood? Do people sometimes do drugs in your rooms? Yeah, the cops will try to shut you down and take the business. But at least there, there's a (flimsy) rationale that the owner has some obligation to prevent this stuff or if your business is all about facilitating criminal activity like say a biker bar owned by a gang and used to plan their crimes or function as a safehouse. It will be interesting to see how this holds up on a network that has no owner. They're probably going to go after the guys who wrote and maintain the code used by the P2P network. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 8:31PM|# "If you meet a hitman in a coffee shop, they don't go after the coffee shop, do they?" OMG, that's true! We need to shut down coffee shops immediately! /average idiot. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Grinch|11.19.16 @ 9:45AM|# It shouldn't happen bit this guy is going to end up in prison. They'll get him on something no matter how much of a stretch it is. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 11:41AM|# Or he'll be hiding in NZ. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.19.16 @ 12:08PM|# Well, at least he'll be in the one place Tony won't go. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Francisco d'Anconia|11.19.16 @ 12:15PM|# What was the story behind Tony and NZ? I missed it and that's the second reference I've noticed. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 12:17PM|# Tony said he'd move to 'his bungalow' in New Zealand if Trump was elected. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Francisco d'Anconia|11.19.16 @ 12:19PM|# Do they have the internet in NZ? If so, not far enough. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 12:22PM|# They do, but it's garbage Oceania internet. And frankly I like NZ and would rather not have Tony there scumming it up. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:57PM|# Speaking of garbage and Oceania, Tony would fit right in with the giant garbage patch. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply C. Anacreon|11.19.16 @ 7:18PM|# Speaking of garbage and Oceania, Tony would fit right in with the giant garbage patch. I have it on good authority, now that California has banned plastic shopping bags, the giant garbage patch will soon disappear. Thank heavens for the altruistic voters of California! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Francisco d'Anconia|11.19.16 @ 1:43PM|# I'll be in NZ in January. Maybe he'll let me stay with him? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Holger da Dane|11.19.16 @ 2:19PM|# I think NZ has pretty strict immigration laws. Being fed up with an elected official in your home country likely isn't enough. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply combroo|11.20.16 @ 11:58AM|# Just Relaks - If This Sound Good For You - Popcorn First !!! Latest Update More HD Quality Movie Complete Available Here: ☛ ☛ ☛ http://bit.ly/2g6t4Gl ☛ ☛ ☛ Happy & Enjoy to Watch For Free reply to this report spam log in or register to reply combroo|11.20.16 @ 11:58AM|# Just Relaks - If This Sound Good For You - Popcorn First !!! Latest Update More HD Quality Movie Complete Available Here: ☛ ☛ ☛ http://bit.ly/2g6t4Gl ☛ ☛ ☛ Happy & Enjoy to Watch For Free reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Scarecrow & WoodChipper Repair|11.19.16 @ 10:05AM|# One problem: Being open source, nothing prevents the gubmunt from setting up its own servers advertising anything they want, and reporting where the purchased goods are sent. Customer gets the package, DEA gets the customer. One question: with no central servers, how does OB1 make any money? If the downloaded source includes code to send a percentage to OB1, it should be trivial to modify the source to stop doing that. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Scarecrow & WoodChipper Repair|11.19.16 @ 10:12AM|# To make it clear (EDIT button!), this setup is vulnerable where Silk Road wasn't because it is distributed and doesn't force buyers and sellers through its central servers. Therefore it has no control over what software connects to others, other than having defined some protocol. The system they've set up can work well; but I don't see how they can make any money off it, or prevent compromised programs subverting the secrecy. The problem of the gubmunt knowing the buyer's address is the same as with Silk Road. Someone buying physical product has to provide a shipping address. I'm not sure OB1 makes it easier, but it sure doesn't solve the problem. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Agammamon|11.19.16 @ 2:54PM|# As for the money - I don't think they intend to make money. I think this is simply a protest thing and an interesting practical exercise. Make it, release it into the wild. See what happens. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Scarecrow & WoodChipper Repair|11.19.16 @ 5:15PM|# They just got a $1M investment. Surely those backers expect some return. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 9:02PM|# Business support, consulting, etc. Of course, being open source software, other people will be able to get in on that action but they'll have a head start and name association. He'll make some nice bank and move on to the next thing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply 0x90|11.19.16 @ 3:45PM|# Unless you're trying to trade something illegal, then your "problem" is not a problem. This is a tool for enabling trade, nothing more, nothing less. You could build a platform on top of this technology (or another), which introduces a central third party though which all trades take place, and thereby anonymize transactions, but that would be a different thing. As far as govt is concerned, the main issue is that trade will occur directly person-to-person, so it presents many of the same inherent problems, from a tax standpoint, as a cash-only physical marketplace. This is where lack of a central server comes into the picture, and where authorities should begin to become nervous, and more so than they should ever have been about a niche silk road. As for making money, aside from investment seed money (and what Agammamon said), I'd guess the general idea would be, hopefully, to make money in the future by serving the market they create, in the new and unique ways that it affords. There will be opportunities for offering arbitration services, providing software solutions tailored to buying & selling, etc, etc. I'd think of how this will initially look, and what it may become, as being something like the difference between buying & selling on craigslist and ebay; there can be a lot of room for making money through facilitation of trade. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 8:26PM|# "There will be opportunities for offering arbitration services, providing software solutions tailored to buying & selling, etc, etc." 'Vetting users.' That's how Uber justifies its cut. Personally, I don't think software should be judged by someone's ability to extract rent from it. "there can be a lot of room for making money through facilitation of trade" There are markets for that. Peer to peer is all about cutting out the middle man. I know, a shocking concept. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply 0x90|11.19.16 @ 10:29PM|# Personally, I don't think software should be judged by someone's ability to extract rent from it. How does this come into the question? OpenBazaar is not remotely similar to uber (which we know you think, given your other posts down-thread); these guys are just the first implementers of a protocol they're establishing. By its very design, they have not the ability to extract "rent" from any user, both because transactions pass through no central server, and because anyone can go ahead and implement their own compatible client. All this, you could have understood, had you read and comprehended either the article, my post, which you replied to, or any other source of information on OpenBazaar. But you didn't, so you don't. There are markets for that. Peer to peer is all about cutting out the middle man. I know, a shocking concept. Another shocking concept: most stores and warehouses are not physically constructed by their owners' own two hands. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.20.16 @ 12:20PM|# "How does this come into the question?" Ask others. The question of extracting rent from the software is repeatedly addressed here in the comments. You yourself discuss the issue. "OpenBazaar is not remotely similar to uber (which we know you think, given your other posts down-thread)" I know. Uber is designed with rent extraction in mind. OpenBazaar is not. "Another shocking concept: most stores and warehouses are not physically constructed by their owners' own two hands." Peer to peer cuts out the middle man whose pockets you seem intent on lining. For what reason, I can only guess. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Lone Loner|11.19.16 @ 10:20AM|# "...and other contraband" you know, like stolen property, child-pornography, people, stuff like that. Oh, and poor Ross Ulbricht? What a waste of oxygen, he. No, I'll file this under the same category as California bathrooms. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hamster of Doom|11.19.16 @ 12:03PM|# California bathroom. What, like, twice as big as it needs to be and with two sinks and a TV? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 12:20PM|# I might just be filthy rural scum but I've always found the TVs in bathrooms in major cities to be one of the weirdest, dumbest things to come out of the electronic era. What's the freaking point? It's just there to spew advertising at you, and clearly I'm responsive to products I associate with taking a shit. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply C. Anacreon|11.19.16 @ 7:21PM|# California bathroom. What, like, twice as big as it needs to be and with two sinks and a TV? LOL. I just visited a friend who moved into a new house on the California central coast area, and you've perfectly described his new master bathroom. But don't forget the whirlpool tub and adjacent walk-in shower! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 1:11PM|# I suppose we should lock up Congress for funding highways, then. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 1:21PM|# "...and other contraband" Oxygen! Black market oxygen that has not gone through the rigorous federal checking out process! I predict a huge market in the stuff as soon as the potheads who don't vape discover sucking smoke into your lungs is not as healthy as they were told. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 11:36AM|# No. FYTW reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fist of Etiquette|11.19.16 @ 11:37AM|# "So just as someone can write something derogatory in a Microsoft Word document, Microsoft is not liable for that." Just wait until Hoffman (and maybe Bill Gates) is staring down the double barrels of Senator Charles Schumer's legislative tits. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 11:39AM|# One question. Who's the new AG? There's your answer. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 11:44AM|# Hi, Preet, I'm going off-topic. Here's something you can investigate: Presidential electors harassed, threatened by anti-Trump left "...anti-Trump groups have been circulating lists with personal information of the actual electors and encouraging people to pressure them into becoming "faithless electors," i.e. not voting for Trump even though he won the election in their state. The results have been predictable...." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.19.16 @ 12:17PM|# Voter intimidation is wrong, illegal, and unconstitutional, until it's not. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:51PM|# One can do no wrong if in pursuit of The Good. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 11:46AM|# Preux & Proper Is Taking Deep-Dish Pizza to the Next Level Magical things happen when you pile shrimp, chicken, smoked mozzarella, and jambalaya tomatoes onto biscuit dough reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 11:49AM|# "Sore winner" syndrome: Why are Donald Trump's supporters still so angry? Abraham Lincoln understood They won the battle, but the war's not over — and in their hearts they know they've surrendered to ugliness "It's not surprising that the election of Donald Trump would cause an upheaval in civil society. The differences between the two visions of America that were presented in this campaign couldn't be more stark, and it's inevitable that they would play out beyond the political system.... "Much of the unrest on the left has taken the form of protest marches and school walkouts, while the right is more inclined to drunken hooliganism, flying the Confederate flag and the like. This is America. We have free speech and a right to assemble, and regardless of how we feel about the "message" being sent by people on the other side, they have a right to say it. "But there also have been many reports of anonymous defacing of property with white power slogans and other racist, xenophobic and anti-Semitic phrases. And there are now hundreds of stories of individual acts of bullying and even hate crimes coming from people who call themselves Trump supporters, aimed at fellow Americans they see as their enemies." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply UnCivilServant|11.19.16 @ 12:23PM|# These incidents of vandalism have all been in very very deep blue areas - which scremas "Flase flag" Whowever, there is open video of violence and hooliganism from anti-trump people that definitvely makes clear who the perpetrators are. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Stickler in the Comments(PanZ)|11.19.16 @ 12:35PM|# Hey, these incidents happen in predominantly white areas. Racism proven! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 1:10PM|# Van Jones even called it Whitelash! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 5:25PM|# These incidents of vandalism have all been in very very deep blue areas Still that's no reason not to treat every example of "stuff written on walls of women's bathrooms" in communities that are 90%+ white as proof of the invisible racists in our midst. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ted S.|11.19.16 @ 7:47PM|# These incidents of vandalism have all been in very very deep blue areas Over on David Thompson's blog, there's an amusing subthread going on where one of the normally sane commenters is trying to claim California isn't a deep-blue state. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |11.19.16 @ 12:35PM|# Thats bullshit. Aside from one or two instances every goddamned bit of that is being done by lefty agitators. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 8:41PM|# If 60M+ Trump voters wanted to get fucked up and do fucked up shut no one would have to tell us about it. It's all BS. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 5:27PM|# Oh, Salon... never change. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 11:52AM|# Retro Baltimore: Abe Lincoln and Sarah Hale, the mother of Thanksgiving "The United States might seem like a tense place this post-election Thanksgiving season, but in 1863, it was worse." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 12:02PM|# No more Civil War art at the [Miinnesota] Capitol? ""I believe that the art in the Governor's Reception Room should be more welcoming and also more broadly representative of our state's history. It should better represent the full complexion of our state and a more varied perspective on our history, geography and culture," [Governor Mark] Dayton wrote.... "...disagreement remains over what to do with the four...portraits — "The Battle of Nashville," "The Fourth Minnesota Entering Vicksburg," The Second Minnesota Regiment at Missionary Ridge" and "The Battle of Gettysburg." Those paintings have been removed from the Governor's Reception Room so they could be restored. At issue is whether they should return at all.... "Architect Ted Lenz serves on the [Capitol Area Architectural and Planning] Board and voted in favor of removing the Civil War paintings from the reception area....He [said] that the Governor's Reception Room is Minnesota's living room, and it should reflect the state's entire history. "Part of the litmus test for me is can you walk into that room a seventh-grader, a fifth-grader, a college student and let them look at that and have them say, 'Yeah, this helps tell my story. This is the Minnesota I love,'" Lenz said." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.19.16 @ 2:09PM|# They're sore winners. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 8:45PM|# They should go with this reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:26PM|# OT: from one of my vegan friends: What are you thankful for? I am thankful for a lot~~~ Thankful that I will not spend a day to be thankful by paying another human to slice the throat of an innocent living being, a bird, turkey, then taking out the guts, only to stuff its butt hole with bread crumbs and then eat it and say what I am thankful for~~~ I am thankful that I am aware that we are all connected, including animals~~ and that I have my compassion and understanding back that was clouded from what we are all taught when we grow up... It's tough to spend holidays with loved ones, when they question why I don't eat meat, why would I say sorry for being ethical, healthy, compassionite, green, sustainable, being the real me, not what society makes me~~ reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:27PM|# what if you were in China, at a friend's house, celebrating Thanksgiving, and they served on the center piece of the table, your dog, chopped it up in pieces, stuffed its butt with bread crumbs, and served you a plate? What would you say or think? Would that upset you? Or would you feel thankful and happy and cheers to that slaughter of your pet? What is the difference than between that and a pig, ( they are smart as dogs and wag their tails ), or birds, or any other animal that bleeds, gives birth, has feelings, maybe this year for the holidays you can open your heart to a different new perspective and see the truth in your own heart and soul to what's up~~~~ When will we "get it" ? Open your mind, your heart, feel your own compassion that we are all born with and go with that, don't go with what society shoves in your face, or what everyone else is doing~~~~~ reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 12:30PM|# Ha ha, really ethnically sensitive there. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:34PM|# Yeah. I'd also like to know how eating a random turkey is analogous to eating your dog. Pretty sure I'd be pissed if I owned a turkey as a pet and someone decided to kill and eat it without my permission as I would with a pet dog. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.19.16 @ 12:35PM|# Quite old, but still hilarious: For every animal you don't eat, I'm going to eat three. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:43PM|# That is hilarious! Although I'm a little too fat already to be sponsoring a vegan. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 1:12PM|# Sponsor never gets old. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Animal|11.19.16 @ 8:08PM|# Bwuh? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 12:38PM|# "Open your mind and your heart to unquestionably accept my stupid premises and sense of moral superiority." I am thankful that I am aware that we are all connected, including animals In the sense that we're all part of an ecosystem consistently devouring each other for energy, sure. In some pseudo-religious hippie nonsense? Nope. Children's cartoons are more honest about this than she is. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:42PM|# This guy was connected with a bear for a short time. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 12:43PM|# "Mmmm...Bambi's mom sure tastes delicious, nom nom nom." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 1:01PM|# (I'm afraid Peter Singer ruined vegetarianism for me, and I associate these folks with an attempt to blur the distinction between humans and other animals, to the disadvantage of the former) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 4:09PM|# " to the disadvantage of the former" How are you victimized by people who don't eat meat? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 4:37PM|# Singer advocates infanticide and he's a very prominent vegetarian. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 4:37PM|# Don't make me go Godwin. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 4:46PM|# There are other vegetarians besides Singer and Hitler. They don't all advocate infanticide. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 6:14PM|# Sure, but I see what can happen if we say that humans and non-human animals are equivalent. That's a recipe for abolishing a distinctive concept of human rights. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 7:48PM|# "That's a recipe for abolishing a distinctive concept of human rights." It's expanding the concept of human rights. It's notable that a bit over 200 years ago, Wilberforce, the same guy that organized an important campaign against the slave trade, also was behind the first animal rights group. The infanticide stems from his embrace of Utilitarianism. His vegetarianism is incidental. "if we say that humans and non-human animals are equivalent." I don't think it's a widely held view, though the preponderance of those holding the view may well be vegetarians or even worse. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 1:14PM|# What does this culturally insensitive prick have against yellow dog? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Francisco d'Anconia|11.19.16 @ 2:02PM|# What are you thankful for? I'm thankful I'm not you. Pass the turkey and butthole stuffing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 5:33PM|# It's got to be exhausting being that smug. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 8:52PM|# My daughter is vegan and is nothing like that. In fact, her 7 year old daughter can eat whatever she wants when they go out. She'll bring vegan dishes to Thanksgiving, and my wife will make a side or two for her as well. The rest of us eat Turkey. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Uncle Jay|11.19.16 @ 12:30PM|# RE: Will OpenBazaar Succeed Where Silk Road Failed? A new company looks to erase the limits on what can be bought and sold online. "OpenBazaar is not a website—it's a peer-to-peer network that runs on open-source software that users download and install on their computers, similar to a BitTorrent client. The software connects people to a network where they can trade with other users without a middleman taking a cut." I wish OpenBazaar the very best of success. However, as we all know, it is only a matter of time before The State will take over this enterprise by strangling it with endless red tape, needless regulations, stupid laws, etc. If Trump the Grump wants to make an important impact on the economy, he will do his best for de-regulation of a number of industries. But I doubt that will happen because I doubt OpenBizzare gave him any "campaign contributions." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |11.19.16 @ 12:39PM|# I was just looking over the 'fake news' stuff and saw that list of supposed fake news sites. I also remember what the Clinton campaign said about crushing news organizations that 'have no right to exist'. We really dodged a bullet when Clinton lost. The idiots at Reason that have been foaming at the mouth over Trump were really just whistling past the graveyard. Idiots. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.19.16 @ 2:40PM|# Idiots. Reason tried to be useful. They should be ashamed they're far too establishment to even be considered for the list. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 5:13PM|# Thanks to Reason I learned that Trump found the discovery of a dead judge with a pillow on his face somewhat questionable. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 8:54PM|# No doubt she would try and bring back the "fairness" doctrine to try and kill talk radio. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 12:49PM|# A PRO-LIFE WHITE HOUSE How a Trump presidency will threaten women's reproductive rights "Repealing the Affordable Care Act "Under Obamacare, birth control for women is free, in any form, from pill to IUD.... "What exactly will happen to Obamacare is unclear.... "A vehemently anti-abortion vice-president "Trump himself has flip-flopped on abortion, so anything he said in the past should be taken with a grain of salt. But Mike Pence, his second-in-command, has been a staunch anti-abortion crusader.... "A conservative-leaning Supreme Court... "Making the Hyde Amendment permanent law... "Defunding Planned Parenthood... "State-level anti-abortion efforts..." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|11.19.16 @ 12:53PM|# How a Trump presidency will threaten women's reproductive rights ... "Under Obamacare, birth control for women is free, in any form, from pill to IUD.... What about my right to keep what I earn, you fucking thieves? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 1:16PM|# Right on! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Stickler in the Comments(PanZ)|11.19.16 @ 1:28PM|# Consider it a Fairness Tax on Male Privilege. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SimonD|11.19.16 @ 1:59PM|# "Under Obamacare, birth control for women is free, in any form, from pill to IUD.... well except for the insurance premiums which are going up 30% per year. Oh, and for the record, prostate surgeries are 'free' for women as well (whether you want them or not) Fuck off, slaver... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Crusty Juggler|11.19.16 @ 2:38PM|# I will stay out of your bedroom if you stay out of my wallet. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 9:21PM|# The hip thing lately is inviting government into the bedroom, and paying for the attention. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply LurkinInaBuildin|11.19.16 @ 3:49PM|# No more forcing nuns to pay for birth control and human abortions? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 2:59PM|# "free" They have no concept of this word reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rich|11.19.16 @ 1:21PM|# OpenBazaar is not a website—it's a peer-to-peer network that runs on open-source software that users download and install on their computers, similar to a BitTorrent client. Well, *that* will certainly keep the wolves at eBay. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 2:13PM|# I don't understand what any of that means but drugs are bad mkay, so off to the pokey you go - Sessions reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rich|11.19.16 @ 8:32PM|# Why does anyone *need* OpenBazaar? - Sessions reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 9:13PM|# Hopefully he doesn't hear it as Open Brassiere or he totally will go apeshit. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.19.16 @ 1:58PM|# OT: If Trump gives Secretary of State to Romney, could Romney could extend the power of his magic underwear to protect the USA? Maybe instead of building a wall, we could just build a yuuuuge pair of underpants and bless them appropriately. Mexico can pay for it and wear them for us. What should Canada get so they don't feel left out? A woolen cap to keep them toasty? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hamster of Doom|11.19.16 @ 2:10PM|# If Trump gives Secretary of State to Romney, could Romney could extend the power of his magic underwear to protect the USA? I think Romney would have to marry everyone first. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.19.16 @ 2:37PM|# I think it's the other way around, isn't it? You have to have magic underwear before you're permitted to marry. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply LurkinInaBuildin|11.19.16 @ 3:52PM|# He can't do that. Love hasn't won the polygamy battle yet. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ted S.|11.19.16 @ 7:50PM|# The first time I read this, I was thinking Mia Love. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply But Enough About Me|11.19.16 @ 2:18PM|# What should Canada get so they don't feel left out? A woolen cap to keep them toasty? A new set of Depends™ to freshen up Canada's Diaper? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.19.16 @ 2:35PM|# Weirdest diaper ever. Covers the elderly, flaccid Florida, but infantile California crybabies. Doesn't that imply that Canada's a big baby though? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 4:27PM|# Uber is wildly successful and its owner extracts rent from every transaction. If OpenBazaar wants similar success, they can follow suit. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Warren|11.19.16 @ 4:40PM|# There are already a dozen sites that have stepped into the void created when the government seized Silk Road. The government can keep chasing after them, but there will always be someone ready to open a new online black market. OpenBazzar will need to provide some function not already available to get the critical mass of people using it to sustain it. I can't think of what that might be. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 4:51PM|# "OpenBazzar will need to provide some function not already available to get the critical mass of people using it to sustain it. I can't think of what that might be." People have been using an OS like Linux for decades now. If there's a necessary 'critical mass' of users, it's a lot smaller than what is required for a profit seeking business. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.19.16 @ 5:12PM|# "People have been using an OS like Linux for decades now. If there's a necessary 'critical mass' of users, it's a lot smaller than what is required for a profit seeking business." You learned this from your lemonade stand? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|11.19.16 @ 5:17PM|# "You learned this from your lemonade stand?" Software is successful if it fills a niche. Critical mass is not a concept that is important for intangibles. Lemonade is notoriously tangible. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.19.16 @ 6:26PM|# Thank you, Mr. Obviousman. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.19.16 @ 5:11PM|# Butt-hurt 'community organizer' whines: "Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the presidency, 'you probably won't be there very long'" http://www.sfgate.com/technolo.....621228.php I'm hoping Trump answers from behind a podium labeled "Office of the President Elect" and tells that lying POS that advice from lame-duck losers will be treated as it should be: Ignored. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 5:26PM|# The Trump-Obama meet-up accurately sums up Obama's response to the election. Obama's "what has happened to my life" look is priceless. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 6:53PM|# "Oh, muh legacy, muh poor legacy! It's all about me! Me, me, me! Look at me, pay attention to me, love me!" /Obama reply to this report spam log in or register to reply __Warren__|11.19.16 @ 5:25PM|# Fuck you, Fight for 15 morons. Ordering kiosks are going to be installed in all McDs. Now to use tele-robotics to eliminate most of the other staff. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 5:26PM|# There's an app for that reply to this report spam log in or register to reply __Warren__|11.19.16 @ 5:34PM|# Stuffed mushroom caps? Mozzarella sticks? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 5:49PM|# that's a matter of "which bag in the freezer" to drop in the deep-fryer reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ted S.|11.19.16 @ 8:04PM|# At least you can complain to somebody when a human screws up your order. :-) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 9:25PM|# "We will now connect you to our call-center in Bangalore to process your consumer-feedback. Please hold" reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 6:54PM|# AG Sessions will be looking into your 'mushrooms caps'. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GamerFromJump|11.20.16 @ 2:52AM|# They've had these in Beijing for a while now. There's still room for fuckups when it gets to the humans, though. But the fuckupery is significantly lowered. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.20.16 @ 7:10AM|# Fight for zero. (for low-skilled workers anyway) Just wait until you can use your computer/phone to order a meal and a drone flies it out to you, both cutting down on the costs of having employees as well as opening up locations that were previously unusable. When you don't need to consider your location needing good access from the road or even be in a place where people can find it, you can obtain cheaper real estate and operating costs can go down even further. It's a damned shame that Amazon will probably be the first there and get a huge leg up over everyone else simply because our laws are retarded and protectionist towards the very biggest businesses who can afford to lobby to have them changed. John hardest hit. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply You ARE a Prog (MJG)|11.19.16 @ 5:43PM|# I want to believe this is real. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 6:24PM|# She's Canadian, so i'm guessing that's a no reply to this report spam log in or register to reply RBS|11.19.16 @ 6:31PM|# reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.19.16 @ 6:32PM|# This is real reply to this report spam log in or register to reply You ARE a Prog (MJG)|11.19.16 @ 6:45PM|# Poor guy. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 6:45PM|# Malik Obama ‏@ObamaMalik 2h2 hours ago Social media is like navigating through a forest of shadows. Agile Cyborg will be notifying him shortly for copyright violation reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 7:03PM|# Forest needz MOAR throbbing penis trees for AC reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 6:52PM|# What does SJW mean? WELP I'm moving to Kenya! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 6:51PM|# Boycott $tarbuckkk$!1! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.19.16 @ 6:35PM|# What a guy! "Obama tries to ease Trump concerns" [...] "LIMA, Peru — Warning against a rush to judgment, President Obama sought Saturday to ease concerns in Latin America that President-elect Donald Trump will wipe out trade deals and create other international problems.' http://www.sfgate.com/world/ar.....625511.php Imagine the relief! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 6:38PM|# Lima, Peru. So Obama is ensuring them that the American demand for Llamas will remain high? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.19.16 @ 7:09PM|# My question is whether anyone is listening to his patronizing BS with anything other than curiosity. If I'm PM of West Trashcanistan, I'm calling Trump to find out what Trump is considering, not some has-been. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:30PM|# The peasant class in Latin American are generally uneducated and very naive. Sort of like the peasant class in the USA, only worse. The educated people there? Probably think he is full of shit just like all of their own politicians. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Jerry on the sea|11.19.16 @ 7:16PM|# It's a good thing Trump is going to deport all those Peruvian pan flutists. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:31PM|# And llama herders. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.19.16 @ 11:58PM|# Right, he assured them that they will only have to worry about the international problems that Obama already created. "If you like your civil wars and declining American influence, you can keep your civil wars and declining American influence." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 6:36PM|# I just bought 2 bottles of Russian vodka to help welcome in our new Trumputin overlords. I hope it pisses off some Democrats as well. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 6:54PM|# *checks bottle* Mine's from Connecticut :( reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:01PM|# I didn't even know they make it there, but I just saw some gin made in Baltimore. I just glanced at it while going down the gin aisle and I guess it was sloe gin being it was brown. And sloe gin is some weird and scary looking shit that I've never tried. What vodka is made in CT? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 7:09PM|# Gordon's. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:13PM|# Gordons makes vodka? I knew they make gin. I thought they were in London or somewhere in the UK. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 7:18PM|# Wikipedia says they produce vodka only in the US and Venezuela (!). reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 7:32PM|# I'm going to bet the US distillery was some legacy vodka brand, and when Diageo formed (*merger of Guinness & Grand Met in the late 1990s), they probably took the Gordon's label, and slapped it onto whatever thing was being produced in the US at the time as a brand-extension, and called it good. *i probably used to know, but have forgotten. That deal was the very first thing i ever covered as a research analyst. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 9:30PM|# Yeah, that's what I figured too. I like it because it's relatively cheap, good enough to drink, and comes in big plastic bottles. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:34PM|# US and Venezuela. That's a weird combo. Is it commie vodka? Every time I drink Russian vodka I want to cuddle with a girl named Natasha and 3 woolly sled dogs. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ted S.|11.19.16 @ 7:55PM|# Mine was apparently bottled in Ballmer, but I deliberately bought the cheap stuff since I'm using it to spike my eggnog, not drink straight. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Nativist, Racist & Xenophobe|11.19.16 @ 6:52PM|# Apple to help Make America Great Again? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 6:56PM|# Sure, iThingy fans won't mind paying $7K for their phones. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 7:04PM|# How much is robotics now days? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:11PM|# Then Trumputin demands they build their widgets in the US of A with real humans!, cause jerbz and Make Murika great again!, so they hire illegals because no one else will work for $15 a day, but then Trumputin deports the illegals, then Apple has to hire unionized American employees for $25 an hour. And presto, there you go, 7K iPhones! Murika becomes great again because no one has a shitty Apple phone! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 7:20PM|# LOL like a union worker would slum it for only $25 an hour. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 9:07PM|# Everyone who voted against him will no longer be able to communicate. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 6:56PM|# Hm... let me think about this one for a moment. No? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Crusty Juggler|11.19.16 @ 6:55PM|# Are Canadian politics more ridiculous than American politics? You decide. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 6:58PM|# Well, we don't have time to talk about farts, racism is taking up all the time. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 7:00PM|# Trump's destruction of US politics and civil society I wonder if these people will have any sense of shame when 4 years of Trump turns out to be a nothingburger. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply JaimeRoberto|11.19.16 @ 11:29PM|# No, because they will claim that their passionate resistance prevented Hitler. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 7:01PM|# I think after this election you guys are slightly ahead, but we're always trying to catch up. Not the first time we've had freak outs over 'f words' though. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:04PM|# For outright batshit insane, no one can beat Canuckistan and the Aussies right now, but the US and the Eurotards are nipping at their heels. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 7:39PM|# Well this is also coming from Elizabeth May, the crazy Green Party candidate who has their one seat in Parliament. It's like if you gave Jill Stein actual political power, it's not representative of the majority of Canadian politicians. Now Elbowgate and anything Zoolander says, that's traditional Canadian political derp. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 7:48PM|# Trump's going to do his best to make a Warren/Stein ticket actually look attractive for 2020. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 7:27PM|# They've come a long way since "that depends on whether I embrace His Lordship's principles of His Lordship's mistress." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 7:29PM|# Slideshow of Parliamentary insults reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 7:36PM|# *or* his Lordship's mistress reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 7:38PM|# So you wanna hear the f-word, do ya? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|11.19.16 @ 7:42PM|# al Jazeera is worried about fascism "The foul stench of fascism in the US "'White America may be shocked by the election of Donald Trump, but black and brown America smelt it coming.'" reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ted S.|11.19.16 @ 7:59PM|# Does the Qatari economy count as fascist? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 9:00PM|# *checks Freedom House* Yep, still "Not Free". But I'm sure the American intelligentsia is reading this with consternation. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |11.19.16 @ 7:59PM|# Double down motherfuckers. Double down. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ted S.|11.19.16 @ 8:20PM|# Don't you mean goatfuckers? ;-) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rich|11.19.16 @ 8:34PM|# Double down motherfuckers Nice band name. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 9:01PM|# black and brown America smelt it coming Resisting urge to make a snarky joke here... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 9:18PM|# Ye who smelt it, dealt it? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 9:06PM|# Speaking of those assholes reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 9:17PM|# al Jazeera is worried about fascism Technically, that's, "Guy who writes for Al J" is worried.... Al J is sort of a mixed bag when it comes to US news/editorial. They'll pretty much run anyone who wants to write for them. So you'll find a range of 'batshit crazy' to 'actually credible' people being given space. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Palin's Buttplug|11.19.16 @ 9:11PM|# Rare footage of Ben Carson endorsing Trump at the GOP Convention: http://tinyurl.com/jhvzc3n reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Austrian Anarchy|11.19.16 @ 9:23PM|# OB1? How jive. BazaarO is way better. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 9:41PM|# "Help us OB1, you're our only hope" reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 9:53PM|# Uhg reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 9:26PM|# OT: So I just read a blurb in the mag about "No Man's Sky". I go to Steam and it's the first game I've ever seen rated "Overwhelmingly Negative". Anyone tried it? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 9:38PM|# Yes. I have 113 hours in it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 9:40PM|# So everyone's wrong? :) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 9:48PM|# Depending on what wrong means. Here's my take on it. The game was probably the most overly hyped game in history. So all these starry eyed fanboys pre-ordered the game. Then when it didn't turn out to be the greatest fucking thing ever to happen to gaming, they threw an epic fucking hissy fit. Talking about pants shitting. This election is nothing in comparison to what that was. Myself, I NEVER pre-order games. Aflter release day, I go to Steam, read the comments, then watch Youtube live streams, which there will always be copious amounts of after any major release, the same day. So I thought, well this looks pretty cool. I never buy into hype. It's a very unique and fun game IF you like exploring, for quite a few hours. Definitely worth $60. I mean I've spent more than than on lunch that I didn't like. But for the pants shitting snowflakes, $60 and being disappointed by a game is like a life threatening crisis. They're like SJWs, seriously. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 9:51PM|# Buy it and play it for less than 2 hours on Steam, and you can refund if you don't like it. Don't expect epic combat, there is none. There is no multi-player, so don't expect that either. But the game is pretty and there really is nothing else like it. Watch some Youtube and see what you think. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 9:55PM|# I pre-orderd Obduction because I had confidence in the creators of Myst. But yeah normally I would never. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 9:57PM|# Alternatively, you can just buy Kerbal Space Program, spend several real-time months trying to get to another planet, and then feel really, really smart when you actually succeed. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 10:05PM|# I have that game, it's pretty cool, just totally different sort of game where you get to actually learn about the physics of space flight. If you want a space game for combat, definitely Elite Dangerous. I also own Star Citizen which is an amazingly stunning unfinished game which will run at about 15 FPS with 3 way GTX 1080 SLI, lol. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 9:51PM|# It was so freaking overhyped... even I heard about it. and i hardly ever play games at all. So i bought it and put in maybe 2 dozen hours before i realized the entire game was effectively "Shooting Rocks", broken up by the occasional 2-sentence conversation with a Fish-person-alien. Who did nothing and served no purpose in the larger game-world. the variety generated by the 'procedurally generated worlds' was laughably shallow. They were all slight variations on the same few themes. some rocks, some animals, some weather. You pretty much saw the entire universe in 2 hours or less. It was like the "New Coke" of video games. Something everyone acted was going to be some revolutionary-paradigm-shifting-game-changer.. .but which ended up being "shittier than both old-coke and regular pepsi" I can understand why millions of people really really really didn't like it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|11.19.16 @ 9:54PM|# You definitely cannot see everything there is to see in 2 hours. I found some amazingly cool planets, but not until about 50 hours in. With mods, which there are a few now, but nothing great, it could be really epic. But yeah, over hyped to the extreme. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 10:02PM|# even if the procedural-generation eventually produces some locations that make you go, "huh that's cool".... ...What are you DOING THERE? Shooting rocks. Talking to fish-face. Leave. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 10:00PM|# The extreme hype was ridiculous when you realize this thing was designed by a company with less than a dozen employees. I stayed away because I knew it was likely going to end up a glorified tech demo of a specific mechanic (in this case, their procedural generation). reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 10:03PM|# I have never enjoyed a 'procedurally generated' game. Not my bag. Mostly I was just curious why the reviews are so bad. I usually trust the user reviews on Steam but if they're undeservedly slagging this game I may have to reconsider. I would hate to see Steam turn into Yelp. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 10:14PM|# There's plenty of bad reviews when it comes to Steam. Anything with a stupid amount of DLC tends to get a lot of bad reviews that consist of "Too much DLC, game's fine but too much DLC." Dark Souls 2 has a ton of bad reviews that basically just say "it isn't the original Dark Souls." The game's actually great and the multiplayer is better than the original, but the hype is too strong. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|11.19.16 @ 10:15PM|# Mostly I was just curious why the reviews are so bad 1 - a combination of the bait-switch development of the thing ...(even up until the last min they were telling people that it could be multiplayer...which would change the nature of the thing entirely; and that seems to have chapped most people's asses) 2 - and the epic-scale boredom of their gameplay. if they'd even thrown in some kind of "scavenger hunt" type mechanic.... or at least one with more narrative/competitive purpose than the one they sort-of-implemented... it would be as big as Pokemon Go. Or maybe just some settlement-development/colony building thing like Fallout, or strategy-game element.... Instead you endlessly wander around slight variations of the same movie set, wondering why you're there. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 10:28PM|# Ugh the bitching about multi-player on every single game is my biggest pet peeve. Single-player and multi-player are entirely different beasts and you can't shoehorn that crap into every game. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|11.19.16 @ 9:55PM|# I didn't, but I have a friend who put a couple dozen hours into it. He hates it, says it just drags on and turns into a endless grind of walking tours of boring planets coupled with a bad inventory system. Hitman's on sale too, which I've been playing as it came out, and it's basically the closest thing to a James Bond simulator I'll ever get, and I'm ok with that. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.19.16 @ 9:42PM|# "Oklahoma tribe sues to halt oil and gas drilling" [...] "The Pawnee Nation of Oklahoma has filed a lawsuit against the federal government to void drilling permits for oil and natural gas wells on tribal land that the tribe alleges cause earthquakes in northern Oklahoma." http://www.sfgate.com/nation/a.....625421.php Bullshit on the earthquake claim, but unlike the bleevers trying to stop the pipeline for religious purposes, it looks like this is their land. I presume they'll forego any compensation, too. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 9:51PM|# Fun little distraction showed up on my Youtube. New CIA Director Pompeo when he was grilling Hillary on lack of security at Benghazi. 10 minutes. https://youtu.be/VzR3Jir7ZoE reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.19.16 @ 10:07PM|# Interesting look at tge demographics of the election. http://www.forbes.com/sites/av.....8e83243b8b reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|11.19.16 @ 11:15PM|# "Hispanics have a very favorable view of Barack Obama…Hillary Clinton didn't connect with them in the same way," despite record Hispanic turnout. ----Emily Elkins Hillary Clinton is just like their abuela. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12.....s-say.html reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|11.19.16 @ 11:07PM|# Michelle "School Choice" Rhee--probably Secretary of Education. Gotta like that. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|11.19.16 @ 11:10PM|# If Romney ends up as Secretary of State, I guess Giuliani gets to spend more time with his family. I think that's the way it goes in a power play. That's the way it works in business, too. The guy who loses in a power struggle doesn't get a consolation prize. He gets good wishes in all of his future endeavors. Giuliani losing out as Attorney General to Sessions may not mean he's going to be Secretary of State after all. Not when the boss is out there interviewing other candidates on TV. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.19.16 @ 11:28PM|# If Giuliani doesn't land the plum job of his dreams it is only because he didn't want it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|11.20.16 @ 12:08AM|# If Giuliani says he didn't want to be Attorney General, he's lying. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.20.16 @ 12:56AM|# That's SIV; you can presume imbecility. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.19.16 @ 11:37PM|# "In the game of thrones, you win or you die." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.19.16 @ 11:22PM|# The size of the ships, and the considerable depth at which they lay – some 70 metres (230 feet) underwater – means removing them almost completely like this would have been incredibly difficult. "It would be almost impossible to salvage this," Paul Koole from Dutch salvage company Mammoet told the Algemeen Dagblad. "It is far too deep." Raise you glass in a toast to the ingenuity and persistence of metal salvage human achievement reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.19.16 @ 11:44PM|# In more "Facebook is a left-wing monopoly that needs to be broken up to save the Republic" news: 'Misinformation' On Facebook: Zuckerberg Lists Ways Of Fighting Fake News - Stronger detection. The most important thing we can do is improve our ability to classify misinformation. This means better technical systems to detect what people will flag as false before they do it themselves. "- Easy reporting. Making it much easier for people to report stories as fake will help us catch more misinformation faster. "- Third party verification. There are many respected fact checking organizations and, while we have reached out to some, we plan to learn from many more. "- Warnings. We are exploring labeling stories that have been flagged as false by third parties or our community, and showing warnings when people read or share them. .... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.19.16 @ 11:45PM|# .... "- Related articles quality. We are raising the bar for stories that appear in related articles under links in News Feed. "- Disrupting fake news economics. A lot of misinformation is driven by financially motivated spam. We're looking into disrupting the economics with ads policies like the one we announced earlier this week, and better ad farm detection. "- Listening. We will continue to work with journalists and others in the news industry to get their input, in particular, to better understand their fact checking systems and learn from them." Translation: if left-wing users, left-wing "factcheckers" like snopes and politifact, or MSM journalists (do I really need to say "left wing" for this one?) don't like a story, it gets nuked from the news feeds. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.19.16 @ 11:49PM|# I'm still struggling with the idea that people turn to Facebook for news. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.20.16 @ 12:04AM|# For a lot of people facebook IS the internet. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 12:17AM|# For a lot of people facebook IS the internet universe. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply JeremyR|11.20.16 @ 1:19AM|# Someone once said that Facebook is basically AOL (the old online service) for the Internet. I think that's exactly right. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 2:19AM|# We used to joke about grad students coming up in the late 2000s who assumed that if they couldn't find previously done research using Google, then it didn't exist... and wound up spending a year or two researching a topic for their thesis only to find that it had already been done. The kids coming up now have the same worldview about Facebook and Twitter. If it's not on Facebook, it's not true or at least not relevant. That's why it's extremely dangerous to be quoting dogma about their censorship. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.19.16 @ 11:49PM|# And of course the dogmatic libertarians will recite "Facebook is a private company, so they can do what they want" in between their Hail Murrays. Screw the dogma! FB and Twitter are destroying our democracy and are immune to any market-based controls at this point. The industry they are in naturally lends itself to consolidation. Uncle Bob's Messaging Service with 20 users is not going to be able compete with Twitter for ad revenue, so it will die in its crib. We need to apply antitrust to them immediately. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.20.16 @ 12:03AM|# If we're going to abandon the Constitution and/or libertarian principles I'd prefer we begin erecting a huge gallows just outside the State Department. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 12:21AM|# We just have a different view of libertarian principles. My view has the paramount principle as "protect liberty at all costs". That trumps any rights of corporations, which are just creatures of the state anyway. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.20.16 @ 12:47AM|# I just don't trust government to do anything right. Government is good at killing people though. I could be easily persuaded to support them so long as they only kill their own. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.20.16 @ 12:11AM|# Wait... you're serious? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 12:16AM|# What made you think I wasn't? Would you stand idly by while our civil society is destroyed and authoritarianism sweeps in? A propaganda machine is the first step and FB and TWTR are girding themselves for that duty. Maybe you value your adherence to abstract principle, but what difference will that make when every trace of liberty is extirpated and nobody in their right mind would touch those principles with a 20 foot pole out of fear of the secret police. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|11.20.16 @ 12:29AM|# "Maybe you value your adherence to abstract principle, but what difference will that make when every trace of liberty is extirpated and nobody in their right mind would touch those principles with a 20 foot pole out of fear of the secret police." Seig Heil! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|11.20.16 @ 12:30AM|# Maybe you value your adherence to abstract principle Well, there's that; but there's also the fact that the idea that Facebook and Twitter are some sort of propaganda machine feeding a secret police is completely fucking laughable. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 1:07AM|# They aren't there yet, but the groundwork is being laid. Half of propaganda is what you don't allow people to hear. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.20.16 @ 7:49AM|# A lot of folks here aren't paying attention to what this really means. Whose rights of free speech matter more when there is a conflict of interest? The rights of people or the rights of companies? Facebook going down the route of censorship will affect a billion people. That's a mind-bogglingly huge number. We would balk at a telephone company saying who we can or cannot talk to, even though some people who we talk to on the phone are lying. And you're absolutely right. It will end up cutting off half the conversation. If the MSM doesn't like "unverified" stories around Wikileaks that they refuse to report on because it hurts their golden candidate, they can use their "fact checking" apparatus to kill speech they don't like. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Wasteland Wanderer|11.20.16 @ 12:39AM|# People said the same thing about the news industry, then Fox News came along and ate everybody's lunch. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 1:06AM|# Not analogous. If everybody else I know watches MSNBC, my watching Fox News instead does not put me at any disadvantage. If everybody else I know uses Twitter for messaging, my using Uncle Bob's Messaging Service does put me at a disadvantage because I can't message the people I know. (Also applies to businesses trying to advertise) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Wasteland Wanderer|11.20.16 @ 2:19AM|# Except Twitter is already driving away users. If they get even worse, they're going to start hemorrhaging like a hemophiliac with Ebola, which will create room for a competitor to move in and start snagging up users. Eventually, their competitors will probably do to them what Facebook did to MySpace. Arguably, it's already happening. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 2:27AM|# Wishful thinking. Clicking through to the actual data reveals that it is a decline in the growth rate of the user base -- not a decline in users. The US Twitter user base still grew by 2% over the past year. MySpace was only dominant when social networking was in its infancy. Now that the industry has matured, FB's dominance is well-nigh unchallengable. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply JeremyR|11.20.16 @ 1:21AM|# Uh, sure. Fox News might get better ratings than CNN, but they get clobbered by the big 3 broadcast networks. One of Fox's big failures (IMHO) was to not expand their news outside cable reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 12:06AM|# Graham knocks Paul: 'He is my friend, but he's a libertarian, he's an outlier' "You can put the Republicans in a very small car who are going to follow Rand Paul's advice when it comes to national security," Graham told CNN's John Berman and Kate Bolduan on "At This Hour." ...and you can fit Lindsey Graham's voters from the GOP primary on a unicycle. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply __Warren__|11.20.16 @ 12:20AM|# I've been hiding in my safe room, is America great again yet? I'm not leaving until she is. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 12:22AM|# Turns out they mispelled "grate". Also, it is a cookbook. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply SIV|11.20.16 @ 12:51AM|# How 'bout a little alt-right music: Federal Aid reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ammythomas94|11.20.16 @ 1:33AM|# 2″I quit my office job and now I am getting paid 92 Dollars hourly. How? I work-over interneet! My old work was making me miserable, so I was to try-Something different. 2 years after…I can say my life is changeed completely for the better! Check it out what i do……… http://www.jobmax6.com reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|11.20.16 @ 2:21AM|# WHAT IS THIS INTERNEET AND HOW DO I SIGN UP? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.20.16 @ 7:56AM|# You have to send a Nigerian prince your bank account information. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Derpetologist|11.20.16 @ 2:37AM|# A prog confirms that he is on of the good ones: The Other White People This West Coast majority cares about climate change, tech and trade. They care about where their food comes and want family-friendly policies that don't knock women out of their career trajectories. They aren't afraid of raising taxes to make their cities more livable — in fact, they just raised taxes to build new infrastructure. They don't think lunatics should be able to buy assault rifles. And their issues were completely forgotten in the presidential campaign. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Hyperbole|11.20.16 @ 5:14AM|# As a mouth-breather from the old heartland I should feel insulted by that, and yet the sheer magnitude of smug is too impressive, I can only marvel at this man's self-righteousness. It truly is a wondrous thing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zero Sum Game|11.20.16 @ 8:11AM|# Please re-focus on us! We're hip, trendy, more educated, and smarter than you. We're white people that like all those people you heartlanders are racist towards. Please, be more like us! Our votes should matter more than yours! Of course the people on the coasts are all for trade liberalization. That's where the freighters from China are going to land and their economies are enriched by that. The landlocked states where manufacturing used to be huge are at a major disadvantage. I'm not saying that trade is a bad thing. On the other hand, there are growing pains felt throughout an economy and displaced workers still need to be able to make a living. Voting in their own interest should be expected because those high-minded sneering liberals on the coasts don't seem interested in them at all, in fact it's the opposite; they're outright hostile towards them. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|11.20.16 @ 9:20AM|# Stop talking about white people reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Leave a Comment * COMMENT: You must have an account and be logged in to comment. Click here to register, or here to login if you already have an account * COMMENT: Seeing Trump on the Silve… Jesse Walker | 11.06.2016 DECEMBER 2016 ISSUE Hogwarts in America Amy H. Sturgis | 11.18.2016 VIEW REASON PRINT ARCHIVES TOP STORIES Fashion Designers Are Boycotting Melania Trump. Shouldn't Bakers and Florists Have the Same Right? 11.19.16 10:45 am America Called Bullshit on the Cult of Clinton 11.20.16 9:34 am American Communism 11.20.16 6:00 am What Trump's Win Means for Food and Agricultural Policy 11.19.16 8:00 am MOST VISITED Fashion Designers Are Boycotting Melania Trump. Shouldn't Bakers and Florists Have the Same Right? Stephanie Slade | 11.19.16 10:45 am Five Reasons Jeff Sessions Would Be No Friend of Liberty In the Trump Administration Anthony Fisher | 11.16.16 2:30 pm Ignore the Mob—Long Live the Electoral College David Harsanyi | 11.18.16 12:01 am There Is No Violent Hate-Crimewave in 'Trump's America' Elizabeth Brown | 11.11.16 12:40 pm Hate Crimes, Hoaxes, and Hyperbole Elizabeth Brown | 11.18.16 11:06 am GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Hit & Run Blog How Hippie Communes Changed America: New at Reason Reason Staff | 11.20.16 10:07 am America Called Bullshit on the Cult of Clinton: New at Reason Reason Staff | 11.20.16 9:34 am Will OpenBazaar Succeed Where Silk Road Failed? New at Reason Reason Staff | 11.19.16 11:30 am Fashion Designers Are Boycotting Melania Trump. Shouldn't Bakers and Florists Have the Same Right? Stephanie Slade | 11.19.16 10:45 am READ MORE POSTS » REASONTV: FEATURED VIDEOS Donald Trump and the Coming Battle Over Legal and Illegal Immigration Nick Gillespie Justin Monticello Biting the Hands that Feed Us: Food Laws vs. Culinary Reality Nick Gillespie Joshua Swain Remy: Hallelujah (SNL Parody) Remy Austin Bragg VIEW ALL » Obamacare Affordable Care Act's Unpopularity Helped Trump Win 2016 Election Ira Stoll Will Trump Supporters Like What They Get? Steve Chapman The Four Things President-Elect Trump Could Do to Dismantle Obamacare Nick Gillespie & Jim Epstein Ferguson Ferguson Activist Darren Seals Found Shot and Dead in Burning Car in St. Louis Ed Krayewski Unaccountable Police Unions Endanger Minorities and Everyone Else Shikha Dalmia Watch Matt Welch Bash Workplace Drug Testing and Trump's Ferguson Affect on Red Eye Matt Welch Net Neutrality Hillary Clinton’s Tech Platform: Government Meddling for Some; Incentives and Deals for Others Scott Shackford Court Upholds the FCC’s Politically Driven Decision to Regulate the Internet Like a Utility Peter Suderman Does T-Mobile's Binge On Service Violate Net Neutrality? Probably, Which Is All You Need To Know About Net Neutrality. Nick Gillespie Iran Top Hillary Clinton Adviser Thinks U.S. Should Attack Iran To Benefit Saudi Interests In Yemen Anthony L. Fisher Matt Welch Talks Trump, Clinton, Iran, and Obama-Commutations on Tonight’s Kennedy Matt Welch The Secret Cyberwar is Here: Director Alex Gibney on 'Zero Days', Stuxnet, and the Future of Cyberweapons Meredith Bragg ISIS Conservatarian Novelist Brad Thor: ISIS Exemplifies Islam, Trump and Clinton are Terrible Nick Gillespie & Todd Krainin Libyans Would Have Preferred Hillary Clinton Kept Her 'Smart Power' Away From Their Country Anthony L. Fisher Tim Kaine Invokes bin Laden While Trying To Sell Hillary Clinton's Big ISIS Plan Anthony L. Fisher Reason-Rupe Poll Poll: Americans Like Free Markets More than Capitalism and Socialism More Than a Govt Managed Economy Emily Ekins 35 Percent of Americans Want Pension Reform to be “Top Priority” for Govt Emily Ekins 78 Percent of Americans Say Voters Should Get to Vote on Govt Employee Benefit Increases Emily Ekins Staff Reviews Listening to Sex Offenders Debbie Nathan Stepping in for the State in Detroit J.D. Tuccille Rep. Charles Boustany, Accused of Patronizing Murdered Sex-Workers in Louisiana, Files Defamation Lawsuit Against Reporter Elizabeth Nolan Brown Donate: Donate Online Donate via Fax or Mail Why Support Reason? Donation FAQ Stock Donations Planned Giving Shop to Support Reason Links: Home About Reason Foundation Cover Gallery Reason TV Events Advertise Staff Contributors Widgets Subscribe: Subscribe to the Print Magazine Reason Mobile Apps Apple Newsstand E-Reader Subscriptions Give Reason as a Gift Back Issues Subscription Services Email Newsletters Contact: News Tips Site Technology Questions Media Inquiries Reprint Permissions Submissions Editorial & Production Offices 5737 Mesmer Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90230 (310) 391-2245 Washington Office 1747 Connecticut Ave., NW Washington, DC 20009 (202) 986-0916 Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Magazine Subscribe Donate Advanced Search Advertise Contact ©2016 Reason Foundation.|reason.org |privacy policy|terms of use|  
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in Gilbert: Knit one, purl two, donate three Saturday Nov 19, 2016 at 12:58 PM Lori Gilbert Record Staff Writer @LoriGRecord Lynn Cornett and Ione Murphy sat with needles clacking as they worked on new projects as they waited for all to arrive for a planned presentation of gifts by the Troke Knitters to various nonprofit groups in Stockton. Well, it was a Wednesday and that is when they gather to knit, so … while in Rome, as it were. It certainly wasn’t because the group’s leader, Martha Zetter is a taskmaster. Nope, Zetter started the club a year ago at the Troke Library because she figured there were like-minded knitters in the community who wanted to give back to the community. She was the sole member for the first few months but with a little promotion by Troke reference librarian Dennis Tucker, word started to spread. Cortland was the first to join. Then Jennifer Carpenter arrived, and she brought along her mom, Diane Fender. Those four founding members went to work and within a couple of months, knitted 44 hats, 142 scarves and two hat and scarf sets to donate to Helping Hands, the outreach ministry at Lakeview Assembly Church. Earlier this month, the group that now has 12 to 14 regular knitters and another dozen or so who show up when they can, kicked off the holiday giving season by sharing 454 hand-crafted items to seven organizations. Hats, scarves, lap blankets, dolls, bears and twiddlemuffs, which have sewn on items to busy the hands of dementia patients, went to the Stockton Police Department chaplaincy program, the Women’s Center, Dignity House, Camlu Assisted Living, San Joaquin County Hospital, Pride House and Helping Hands. “The only thing I can say to you is anybody can got out and buy hats or scarves from Wal-Mart, but when we give these away, they’re handmade. Somebody took the time with that individual on their heart,” said John Schwabauer, who with his wife, Rose, runs Helping Hands. “That’s more than a hat. We really do appreciate this. These are going to go quickly.” When Zetter first retired 26 years ago from a career as a nurse — she said she’s retired three times since — she wanted to keep people in Stockton warm. She never knew how great the need really was until she began knitting. Her husband of 57 years, Joe, encourages her to pursue her love and doesn’t mind, she said, when he has to move boxes of yarn or projects in the works or completed items when he vacuums their north Stockton home. Zetter went beyond her plan to knit for others, though. She stated the group at the library, where she encourages them and teaches the craft to beginners. Some of the yarn and other materials are donated. Others are supplied by the knitters “The emphasis is on cheerful colors and our talent for using different patterns that stretch our skill levels,” Zetter said. Watching beginners become confident knitters is her greatest satisfaction, Zetter said, along with establishing new friendships. The reward though, is helping the community. The Women’s Center will use its gifts for residents of Dawn House, a safe place for women and their children who flee domestic violence, sometimes with nothing but the clothes on their backs, said the agency’s Jennifer Jones. The chaplaincy program will use the dolls and bears in giveaways to children in hospitals and Haven of Peace. And Helping Hands, which took the biggest number of items, will help the people they find throughout Stockton who need a little warmth. As the temperatures begin diving at night, as home furnaces get their first use of the fall, it’s hard not to think about how a warm hat, scarf or blanket could help someone out on the streets or in a shelter or sleeping in a car. Fortunately, the group of knitters at Troke didn’t need a cold night to think about the less fortunate. They’ve been thinking of them all year, lovingly crafting, as Jones called the pieces of art, with pieces of their heart. — Contact reporter Lori Gilbert at (209) 546-8284 or lgilbert@recordnet.com. Follow her on Twitter @lorigrecord.     About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Entertainmentlife Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do The Current Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Ask & Answer Rural Opinion Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent Hlas: Hawkeyes skip letdown, give Illini beatdown Something to be said for taking care of business — Iowa 28, Illinois 0 Coe forces nine turnovers and turns away Monmouth for 21-14 playoff victory Branstad says he won’t rule out serving in Trump administration Iowa State thrashes Texas Tech, 66-10 Five teens charged in Iowa City BB shooting spree Making sense of the election Busting myths about affordable housing and the people who live there MidAmerican Energy’s Wind XI: It’s legal but is it ethical? Election lessons learned Letter: Republicans must right the ship Mary Kemen Nov 19, 2016 at 12:01 am | Print View The greatest tragedy in our national election is the bare wound it exposed in our collective. Millions were abandoned over recent decades by jobs sent overseas, low wages, lack of health care and a mortgage crisis. Each of us was responsible as we demanded lower prices, lower taxes, more dramatic medical care. When the largest employer in the United States (Wal-Mart) paid unliveable wages and offered no benefits, we knew this was wrong, yet we demanded Chinese goods at rock-bottom prices. The Republicans have an unprecedented mandate to right the ship. Paul Ryan speaks of privatizing Medicare; we need only look at Medicaid privatization in this state to predict a dire outcome. President-elect Donald Trump has promised to bring jobs back from abroad, though all products bearing his name are made in other countries. He wishes to create a military rivaling that of the Vietnam War, while massively cutting taxes and suggests that reducing other federal programs will balance this. Which are we personally willing to reduce — Social Security, Pell grants, the postal service? To those who voted for Trump, I sincerely wish you success in uniting our country and finding solutions to health care, education, employment and immigration problems. Nothing would please me more. But I will not be silent in the face of the darker forces you put in power, that degrade women, minorities, religions. It is my right and mandate to seek “liberty and justice for all.” Mary Kemen Cedar Rapids Your next Letters to the Editor articles Letter: Republicans must right the ship Letter: Save the historic Ely's Stone Br ... Letter: Pass legislation to reduce sente ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 32° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sun and clouds mixed. High 47F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell 100 Neediest Cases Close illustration by Aaron Payne • Holt High School 2016 student artwork for the United Way 100 Neediest campaign by Aaron Payne, Holt High School   CASES 19-21: Cancer makes child rearing difficult for father From staff reports 17 hrs ago (…) illustration by Aaron Payne • Holt High School 2016 student artwork for the United Way 100 Neediest campaign by Aaron Payne, Holt High School   CASE 19 • C took the leap into fatherhood when he adopted his nephew, whose parents were unable to care for the baby. What he didn’t know then was that little J would be the just the first of a brood of boys he would take in. He has since become the full-time caregiver of 10, ranging in age from 5 to 20. The boys arrived at his home for a variety of reasons and face various obstacles, including intellectual disabilities and mental health diagnoses. C is now up against his own health issues: Cancer he fought off eight years ago has returned, and he has started having seizures. This big-hearted dad could use help with medical bills, clothing and Walmart gift cards. CASE 20 • S, 29, and her six children became homeless after they left an abusive relationship, and now they live in transitional housing. Their only income is food stamps. S has entered a job-training program, but that’s tough to juggle because four of the children are under age 5. Some of the children are in counseling because of the trauma they endured, and the twins, who are 10 months old, are in and out of the hospital because they were born prematurely. S wants a stable environment for her family. She would like beds for herself and the kids, as well as dressers and a washer. She would love to make their holidays bright with toys this year. CASE 21 • Bedbugs and the lack of electricity haunt M, a grandmother of four who lost her daughter — the children’s mother — two years ago to blood clot. M, 58, recently bought several mattresses for her grandchildren at a secondhand store, only to find that they were infested with bedbugs. She has since had to throw out the beds, linens and more. When the restaurant she worked at part time caught fire, she was no longer able to pay for electricity nor gas. Her grandchildren are 16, twin 14-year-olds and 6. She asks for beds for her grandchildren and help paying her utility bills. Case profiles by Colleen Schrappen, Valerie Schremp Hahn and Ashley Jost of the Post-Dispatch. 100 Neediest Cases: More on the campaign Nov 3, 2014 (…) Read more cases and find opportunities to give. Tags 100 Neediest Cases United Way Neediest Cases Giving Grandchild Bedbug View (…) comments How to give For generations, the 100 Neediest Cases campaign has helped thousands of disadvantaged families during the holidays. The tradition dates to 1922, when civic leaders formed the Christmas Bureau. The Post-Dispatch has partnered with the program for more than five decades, renaming the campaign 100 Neediest Cases in 1954. Annual donations to the campaign swelled to $1.3 million last year from $400 in 1922. HOW IT WORKS • More than 70 social service agencies, working through the United Way, identify thousands of needy families. This year, nearly 12,400 cases were submitted. Volunteers then select 100 cases to be profiled in the newspaper to raise awareness and encourage donations for all the families. TWO WAYS TO GIVE ADOPT A CASE • For highest-need cases, the program supplies donors with a list of a family's needs. Donors are asked to meet at least one of the stated needs and provide at least one present for each child. Everything goes directly to the family, through a social worker. Last year more than 800 high-need cases were adopted. DONATE • Monetary gifts to the 100 Neediest Cases general fund are used to help the more than 10,000 cases, and go directly to the family. TO ADOPT A CASE OR DONATE • Call 314-421-6060 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on weekdays, visit 100neediestcases.org, or mail a check (no cash) to P.O. Box 955925, St. Louis, Mo. 63195. Do you know a woman of achievement? Get this St. Louis collectible from the Post-Dispatch Store See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Multimedia Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Telegram Videos Live Video Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News  Multimedia   Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News  Telegram Videos  Live Video   Local News Sports Community News Opinion Obituaries Vinton County Family Features Lifestyle Classified Ads Public Notices/Legal Ads Electronic Newsletter RSS Feeds Event Calendar Send us a News Story Links Directory Church Directory About The Telegram About Our Website Newspaper Awards Advertise with Us Subscribe Online Telegram Staff Multimedia Photo Galleries Local News  Sports  Community News  Opinion  Obituaries  Vinton County  Family Features  Lifestyle  Classified Ads  Public Notices/Legal Ads  Electronic Newsletter  RSS Feeds  Event Calendar  Send us a News Story  Links Directory  Church Directory  About The Telegram  About Our Website  Newspaper Awards  Advertise with Us  Subscribe Online  Telegram Staff  Multimedia  Photo Galleries   home : local news : local news November 20, 2016 11/19/2016 2:00:00 PM Crime Watch for November 19, 2016 See what's happening in your neighborhood By Telegram Staff & Contributors Hamden Police Department issues report Hamden Police Chief Kevin Neel has issued the following activity report: November 5th, 2016: John Nicholson, 26, of McArthur was cited into Hamden Mayor's Court for speeding ORD 73.10(B). November 10th, 2016: The Hamden Police Department conducted a traffic stop on N. Main St. involving Laura Spencer, 47, of Hamden. Spencer was reportedly stopped for speeding. During the traffic stop, multiple open containers of an alcoholic beverage were allegedly found in Spencer's vehicle. Spencer was arrested on two outstanding arrest warrants from the Wellston Police Department and Jackson County Sheriff's Office. Spencer was also cited into Hamden Mayor's Court for speeding ORD 73.10(B), driving under suspension ORD 71.28(A), and O.V.I. ORD 73.01(A)(1). November 15th, 2016: Jennifer Hall reported her passenger van had been spray painted sometime over the weekend while it was parked on Scott Ave. Anyone with information pertaining to this offense is urged to contact Chief Neel at 740-384-5359 or through the Vinton County Sheriff's Office at 740-596-5242. Woman charged with shoplifting at Walmart Jackson Police officers were called to the Jackson Walmart Supercenter at 6:36 p.m. Thursday, November 17, where a female was being detained for an alleged shoplifting offense. The suspect was identified as Sabra White, 20, of 245 George Street, Jackson, and it was determined she had shoplifted 22 miscellaneous items with a total value of $186.13. She was charged with Theft and the police report noted she was not incarcerated due to the absence of female jail space in Jackson County. Man charged with Possession Of Drug Paraphernalia Jackson Police officers were called to the residence of Jason Tipton, 36, of 60 Wood Avenue, Apartment B, where his girlfriend, Cassie Essman, had reported a domestic disturbance. Essman told police Tipton has been using drugs and was out of control. She gave officers permission to search the residence and they found a burnt spoon with brown residue, which officers determined Tipton had used when had allegedly taken drugs. Police described Tipton's condition as "very impaired" and he was charged with Possession Of Drug Paraphernalia. Tipton was wearing an ankle monitor as a condition set in a previous drug-related case. Motorist caught with Marijuana, grinder after traffic stop At 3:35 a.m. Monday, November 14, Jackson Police officers initiated a traffic stop after seeing a motorist allegedly run a red light at the intersection of Broad and Portsmouth Streets. The driver was identified as Cameron Jenkins, 21, of 292 Tropic Street, Jackson, and officers reported detecting the odor of Marijuana from inside the vehicle. Jenkins then surrendered a Marijuana grinder which contained some raw Marijuana. Jenkins was cited for Possession Of Marijuana and Possession Of Marijuana Paraphernalia and was issued a warning for running the red light. Driver cited after wreck involving three vehicles Jackson Police officers were on the scene of a wreck involving three vehicles which occurred at 6:10 p.m. Sunday, November 13, near the Huron Street intersection. Police report a sports utility vehicle driven by Betty Dickerson, 76, of 21 Taft Street, Jackson, failed to stop and ran into the rear of a sports utility vehicle driven by Elmer Harbour, 47, of 1367 Hanley Road, Jackson. The impact knocked Harbour's vehicle into a car in front of it which was driven by Jessica Lawler, 30, of 208 Ebb Tomblin Road, Thurman. Nobody was injured, but Dickerson's SUV incurred disabling damages. Damages were minor to the other two vehicles. Police cited Dickerson with Failure To Provide Assured Clear Distance Ahead and Harbour was cited for Fictitious Tags. Article Comment Submission Form Please feel free to submit your comments about this story for possible publication online and/or in our print edition. Article comments are not immediately posted to theTelegramNews.com. Each submission must be approved by our Editor, who reserves the right to remove inappropriate language or content. There may be a delay of up to 72 hours for any submission while the Editor reviews and approves your comments. Note: All information on this form is required. Submit an Article Comment First Name: Required Last Name: Required Telephone: Required Email: Required Comment: Required Passcode: Required Click here to see a new mix of characters. This is an anti-SPAM device. It is not case sensitive.     Advanced Search < November > S M T W T F S     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30       The Telegram | www.theTelegramNews.com | WKOV-FM 96.7 | WCJO-FM 97.7 | WYRO-FM 98.7 | WYPC-AM 1330 THE TELEGRAM | PO Box 667 Jackson OH 45640 | voice 740 286-3604 | fax 740 286-0167 Copyright © 2016 JACKSON COUNTY BROADCASTING, INC. Privacy Notice | Web Site Visitor Policy Software © 1998-2016 1up! Software, All Rights Reserved
Main Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Business Living Inspiration Entertainment Politics Sports Opinion Video Follow Us Search Over 700 ‘hateful harassment’ attacks reported since Trump’s election win by thegrio | November 19, 2016 at 2:25 PM Filed in: News It has been less than two weeks since Donald Trump was elected to be the next president of the United States, and already, more than 700 “hateful harassment” attacks have been reported. Most of the attacks were targeted against minority groups such as Muslims, African-Americans, women, members of the LGBT community, and so on. Only about a dozen were reported as “anti-Trump” attacks. “They’ve been everywhere — in schools, in places of business like Walmart, on the street,” Southern Poverty Law Center President Richard Cohen said of the report issued by the center on Friday. While the law center expressed concern over the hateful acts, they did also point to a “steady drop-off” in harassment, noting that 65% of the incidents had taken place in the three days after Election Day when the results were still fresh in everyone’s minds. — Video of black woman being berated by white pro-Trump boyfriend goes viral —  206 of the reported attacks were anti-immigrant in nature, topping the list, while at the bottom of the list were anti-Trump attacks, at 27. Anti-woman attacks were second lowest, at 36. Black people were targeted in 151 attacks, Muslims in 51, and LGBT people in 80. In 60 cases, swastikas were involved. The same day the report came out, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch released a video statement on rising hate crime statistics. “I know that many Americans are concerned,” Lynch said. “We need you to continue to report these incidents to local law enforcement as well as the justice department so that our career investigators and prosecutors can take action to defend your rights.” Related Posts Teacher pleads guilty to being impregnated by 13-year-old student Designer who dressed Michelle Obama refuses to ever work with Melania Trump White supremacists create fake ‘black person’ accounts to infiltrate Black Twitter Officer indicted after fatally shooting and beating unarmed black man Trump advisor proudly compares himself to Dick Cheney and Satan Autopsy reveals Marion Barry’s son died of PCP overdose Post navigation Previous Previous post: Michigan says delivering water to Flint residents is an ‘unnecessary’ burden Next Next post: ‘Make America Great Again’ billboard features Bloody Sunday image Get news in your inbox TheGrio Favorites Worst NFL players who won the Heisman Trophy 15 richest NBA players of all time The 25 Most Influential Black American Leaders of All Time The top 10 greatest black quarterbacks of all time Infamous celebrity mugshots 15 films that hurt black America The best and worst NBA number 1 draft picks of all time The 30 greatest black movie soundtracks of all time Michelle Obama's birthday!: 52 memorable moments to celebrate the first lady's 52nd year 15 gifts we don't want for Christmas Recent Health Stories Breast cancer kills more black women than white women Fentanyl pills found at Prince's estate are 50 times stronger than heroin Woman goes to emergency room after trying new lipstick Study: Some medical students think black people feel less pain than whites Kanye West represents the victimhood, paranoia plaguing black men Gov. Rick Snyder, the best thing you can do for Flint is resign — like today UNICEF: AIDS leading cause of death for African teenagers 20 years after the Million Man March, how have black men gained, lost? Living beautifully with vitiligo For black women infertility comes with shame and coping in silence Teacher pleads guilty to being impregnated by 13-year-old student Designer who dressed Michelle Obama refuses to ever work with Melania Trump White supremacists create fake ‘black person’ accounts to infiltrate Black Twitter Officer indicted after fatally shooting and beating unarmed black man Trump advisor proudly compares himself to Dick Cheney and Satan Autopsy reveals Marion Barry’s son died of PCP overdose Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Politics Living Video Inspire Health Entertainment News Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio ©2016 Entertainment Studios LLC Powered by PressHarbor.com theGrio Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: TheGrio Theme Prod (nbcthegrio).
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Hurricane woman dies from injuries suffered in traffic accident By Wendy LeonardDeseret News@wendyleonards Published: Nov. 19, 2016 12:10 p.m. Updated: 22 hours ago + Leave a comment HURRICANE, Washington County — A Hurricane woman who was injured in a car accident on Thursday night has died from her injuries. Adela Castillo, 55, died Friday, according to Hurricane Police Sgt. Brandon Buell. He said the crash at 3400 W. State in Hurricane near Wal-Mart remains under investigation. "Our deepest condolences to her family," Buell said. The crash occurred about 6:20 p.m. Thursday between two pickup trucks. A Chevy pickup truck was making a left turn at an intersection with it collided with a westbound GMC truck, the Spectrum reported. Castillo was a passenger in the Chevy truck. Its driver was taken to Dixie Regional Medical Center in serious condition, according to the newspaper. The occupants of the other truck were not injured. + Leave a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Utah Food Bank 5 ways to make Thanksgiving even more meaningful Utah yesterday 13 local productions to see through the end of the year Utah 17 hours ago Photos: Gamers around globe gather for International Games Day The PopuList 1 How to recognize symptoms of Alzheimer's in loved ones 2 5 reasons to buy fewer toys for your kids this season 3 5 ways to make Thanksgiving even more meaningful 4 Obama’s quick visit to Utah, remembered 5 Zion shuttles running weekends only before closing for season on Nov. 26 View all for Utah most Commented 72 Audit cautions U. athletics to guard against spending more to stay competitive 61 Could Mitt Romney have role in Trump administration? 48 Sen. Orrin Hatch says he's getting pressure to run for 8th term 38 Trump is 'very high' on Mitt Romney, Hatch says 9 Chaffetz, Biskupski tout Mountain Accord in Washington, D.C. 8 Judge rejects FLDS religious rights argument, declines to toss charges 8 A.M. notes: Winter weather hits Utah, Clinton back in public arena, how to spot fake news 7 Obama’s quick visit to Utah, remembered Sunday, November, 20, 2016 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Company About Us People FAQ Careers Copyright © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships Paywall Login Login to Comment Register November 20th, 2016 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Firefighters do their part Poll Have you started Christmas shopping yet? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Mo Cranker on November 19, 2016. Firefighters Brant Becker and Donovan Buscholl pose for a photo with helper Jaxon Buscholl Saturday at the toy drive outside of Walmart. NEWS PHOTO MO CRANKER 00000 Medicine Hat News A group of firefighters are camped out in front of Walmart until 4 p.m. today accepting toy and cash donations for the Santa Claus Fund. The CFB firefighters do this toy run every year with the goal of raising hundreds of toys and thousands of dollars to help families get the Christmas they deserve each year said firefighter Brant Becker. “With times being tough right now, it’s important for people to support a cause like this,” he said. “I have no problem getting 10 guys to come and help out on a Saturday morning because we understand how important this is to the community, especially right now.” The firefighters will be in at the Walmart until 4 p.m. today and will return next Saturday to accept more donations from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2016 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Add to Google+ Circle Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME IN THE TOWNS BERKELEY HEIGHTS CLARK CRANFORD COUNTY NEWS ELIZABETH FANWOOD GARWOOD HILLSIDE KENILWORTH LINDEN MOUNTAINSIDE NEW PROVIDENCE PLAINFIELD RAHWAY ROSELLE ROSELLE PARK SCOTCH PLAINS SPRINGFIELD SUMMIT UNION WESTFIELD WINFIELD SPORTS CLARK CRANFORD ELIZABETH HILLSIDE KENILWORTH LINDEN MOUNTAINSIDE RAHWAY ROSELLE ROSELLE PARK SPRINGFIELD SUMMIT UNION ATHLETE OF THE MONTH ARTS \ EVENTS PHOTOS OBITUARIES BUSINESS NEWS ESSEX NEWS DAILY ABOUT US ABOUT US ADVERTISING INFO CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS E-EDITION FIND A NEWSPAPER PAY A BILL SUBSCRIBE CLASSIFIEDS E-EDITIONS E-EDITION DEMO LOCAL STORES & SERVICES ADVERTISE PAY A BILL Polish Cultural Foundation hosts art gallery exhibit in Clark By Jennifer Rubino on November 19, 2016No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Photo by Jennifer Rubino Majka Nowak stands beside her piece, ‘Jezus,’ whose teardrop appeared miraculously after three months. CLARK, NJ — The Skulski Art Gallery of the Polish Cultural Foundation in Clark hosted the opening of an art gallery titled, “Wood and Grain,” with reliefs by Jerzy Chojnowski and grain compositions by Majka Nowak on Sunday, Nov. 13. The work will be displayed until Dec. 2. The opening including a musical performance by Dorota Huculak, who sung poetry accompanied by the guitar. Majka Nowak is a painter, sculptor and stain-glass artist. She uses a very unique technique in her work which gives texture, and also a signature unlike any other. Nowak uses different grains to create her work. “I shop for things like bean and seeds in stores such as ShopRite and Walmart to make my pieces,” Nowak told LocalSource in an interview. One of Nowak’s most amazing works of art is her piece “Jezus” which is created using brown, black and white sesame seeds. The piece is amazing because it has a teardrop dripping from the eye, which appeared unexplainably. “The teardrop appeared three months after I completed the piece,” Nowak told LocalSource in an interview. “It’s really miraculous.” Religious influences were revealed in the artwork of both Nowak and Chojnowski. Nowak’s first piece, “Pope John Paul,” was a request made by a priest in Poland. It was her first work in grains. Another piece, “Pope Francis” was displayed but not for sale, as Nowak plans to give it to the Pope one day. The work is created with beans and seeds and stands four by five feet. Other pieces of hers include “Little Angel” and “Angel.” Chojnowski’s first piece, “Mother of God Nursing,” was how he discovered his woodworking ability. Some of his other pieces include “Mother of Jesus,” “Mother Mary with Child,” and “Molther Divine,” which depicts Mary surrounded by rays of light. In his piece, “Holy Trinity,” he carves the faces of the father and son of God along with a dove. Chojnowski was unable to attend the opening, but his son, Daniel, attended instead. Animals and nature were the subjects of the remaining works by both artists. Chojnowski’s “Thoroughbred Horse” and, “The Bear,” were on display as well as Nowak’s “Daylight” and “Dusk.” The grains gave the work of Nowak an earthy vibe, as did the wood on which Chojnowski’s work was carved. Both artists were born in Poland. Chojnowski’s favorite subjects include animals, emblems and religion. During his 30 years of working as an artist, he’s created more than 500 reliefs, using mostly basswood and linden wood. His work has been featured in New York Times magazine. About 30 of Nowak’s grain compositions were on display at this exhibit. She exhibits extensively in galleries in New Jersey and New York. Both artists’ work can be found in private collections in Poland and the United States. Nowak’s work can also be found in private collections in France and Sweden. Polish Cultural Foundation hosts art gallery exhibit in Clark added by Jennifer Rubino on November 19, 2016 View all posts by Jennifer Rubino → Or contact the author at :jrubino@thelocalsource.com Leave a Reply Cancel reply LOCAL ADS Search in Archive Select a Month Click to Select November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 Select a Category Click to Select ARTS / EVENTS HEADLINE NEWS IN THE TOWNS    BERKELEY HEIGHTS    CLARK    COUNTY NEWS    CRANFORD    ELIZABETH    FANWOOD    GARWOOD    HILLSIDE    KENILWORTH    LINDEN    MOUNTAINSIDE    NEW PROVIDENCE    PLAINFIELD    RAHWAY    ROSELLE    ROSELLE PARK    SCOTCH PLAINS    SPRINGFIELD    SUMMIT    UNION    WESTFIELD    WINFIELD LOCAL BUSINESSES MEDIA OBITUARIES OPINION SPORTS    CLARK    CRANFORD    ELIZABETH    HILLSIDE    KENILWORTH    LINDEN    MOUNTAINSIDE    RAHWAY    ROSELLE    ROSELLE PARK    SPRINGFIELD    SUMMIT    UNION       ATHLETE OF THE MONTH Uncategorized Search with Google ABOUT US ABOUT US ADVERTISING INFO CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS E-EDITION FIND A NEWSPAPER PAY A BILL SUBSCRIBE CLASSIFIEDS E-EDITIONS E-EDITION DEMO LOCAL STORES & SERVICES ADVERTISE PAY A BILL © 2016 Created by WMS All Rights Reserved Log in - Powered by WordPress - Gabfire Themes
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 46F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 16 Buy Now Michael Thomas Zach Duncan, 32, of Farmington, looks through bear costumes after purchasing a toy ahead of his daughters birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From right, Zach and Stacy Duncan, create a birth certificate for the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Madelyn Woodward, 11 and sister, Lily, 7, of House Springs look through clothing options for their toy bears on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sandy Hellinger, 47, presents Stacy Duncan, of Farmington her new stuffed character intended as a birthday gift for her daughter on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Lilly Woodward, 7, of House Springs, totes her new teddy bear in a bag on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Madelyn Woodward, 11 and sister, Lily, 7, of House Springs look through clothing options for their toy bears on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From left, Stacy and Zach Duncan, create a birth certificate for the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sandy Hellinger, 47, helps Brendan Pollihan, 18, of Eureka stuff a toy bear he's purchasing for his cousin on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Brendan Pollihan, 18, of Eureka creates a birth certificate for a toy bear he purchased for his cousin on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From left, Zach and Stacy Duncan, of Farmington checks the plushness of the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From right, Zach and Stacy Duncan, create a birth certificate for the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sandy Hellinger, 47, presents Stacy Duncan, of Farmington her new stuffed character intended as a birthday gift for her daughter on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Center, Julie Woodward, of House Springs, and daughters, Madelyn, 11 and Lily, 7, look through clothing options for their toy bears on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Handout A Build-A-Bear mall kiosk.  Handout Build-A-Bear is opening kiosks inside AMC Theatres.  Buy Now Cristina Fletes-Boutté FILE PHOTO: Build-A-Bear CEO Sharon John at Build-A-Bear's Overland headquarters on Friday, Feb. 20, 2015. Photo by Cristina Fletes-Boutte, cfletes-boutte@post-dispatch.com Build-A-Bear pursuing growth in smaller spaces, licensing deals By Lisa Brown St. Louis Post-Dispatch Lisa Brown 3 hrs ago (…) Buy Now Michael Thomas Zach Duncan, 32, of Farmington, looks through bear costumes after purchasing a toy ahead of his daughters birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From right, Zach and Stacy Duncan, create a birth certificate for the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Madelyn Woodward, 11 and sister, Lily, 7, of House Springs look through clothing options for their toy bears on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sandy Hellinger, 47, presents Stacy Duncan, of Farmington her new stuffed character intended as a birthday gift for her daughter on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Lilly Woodward, 7, of House Springs, totes her new teddy bear in a bag on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Madelyn Woodward, 11 and sister, Lily, 7, of House Springs look through clothing options for their toy bears on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From left, Stacy and Zach Duncan, create a birth certificate for the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sandy Hellinger, 47, helps Brendan Pollihan, 18, of Eureka stuff a toy bear he's purchasing for his cousin on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Brendan Pollihan, 18, of Eureka creates a birth certificate for a toy bear he purchased for his cousin on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From left, Zach and Stacy Duncan, of Farmington checks the plushness of the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas From right, Zach and Stacy Duncan, create a birth certificate for the stuffed character they intend to purchase for their daughter's birthday on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Sandy Hellinger, 47, presents Stacy Duncan, of Farmington her new stuffed character intended as a birthday gift for her daughter on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Buy Now Michael Thomas Center, Julie Woodward, of House Springs, and daughters, Madelyn, 11 and Lily, 7, look through clothing options for their toy bears on November 17, 2016 at the Build-A-Bear Workshop retail store at West County Mall in Des Peres. Build-A-Bear recently announced it is heading into the holiday season with changes that include adding kiosks in some Toys R Us stores (although not locally) and on board more Carnival cruise ships.. (Photo by Michael Thomas) Handout A Build-A-Bear mall kiosk.  Handout Build-A-Bear is opening kiosks inside AMC Theatres.  As it nears the 20th anniversary of its first store at the St. Louis Galleria, Build-A-Bear Workshop is navigating a new course that marks a departure from its mall origins with smaller locations and more licensing deals. This month, the make-your-own stuffed animal chain founded in 1997 opened eight pop-up shops at AMC Theatres in Florida, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. And, earlier this year, Carnival Cruise Lines added pop-up Build-A-Bear workstations for the first time, with plans to expand to 10 ships by the end of the year and 25 by next summer. “We don’t think of ourselves anymore as a mall retailer,” CEO Sharon John said in an interview. Instead, Build-A-Bear is making changes to ensure it’s where its consumers are. +15  Buy Now FILE PHOTO: Build-A-Bear CEO Sharon John at Build-A-Bear's Overland headquarters on Friday, Feb. 20, 2015. Photo by Cristina Fletes-Boutte, cfletes-boutte@post-dispatch.com Cristina Fletes-Boutté “For a long time, we only had one store format,” said chief operations officer Chris Hurt. “We now have four different kinds.” Having different sizes of its stuffing machines, down to the nozzles and other machinery, means Build-A-Bear can be more nimble to locate in smaller spaces within malls or other retailers that offer more visibility in heavily trafficked areas. Build-A-Bear recently opened some “concourse” locations in spaces as small as 200 square feet, compared with a traditional 3,000-square-foot store. “It’s not that malls aren’t going to be an important part of our portfolio,” John said, adding the chain is looking at adding more stores-within-stores. “You might see us in Carnival ships, or shop-in-shop stores at select Macy’s or Toys R Us stores.” Build-A-Bear also has expanded licensing deals to extend its brand at more retailers. Through a licensing agreement signed a year ago with Toronto-based Spin Master Corp., there are Build-A-Bear Workshop Stuffing Stations available at Walmart and Target nationwide. “It’s been very well received,” John said of the at-home stuffing stations, which sell for between $25 and $30. Licensing deals have been limited primarily to candy and toys, but that’s about to change. “As we turn the corner into the new year, we’ll see the brand manifest into other fresh categories,” John said. For the holiday shopping season, Build-A-Bear added new reindeer characters, Tinsel and Twinkle. Additionally, the chain is adding a new Pokémon character in early December. Since John was hired as CEO in 2013, replacing founder Maxine Clark, Build-A-Bear has been in turnaround mode. The chain closed dozens of underperforming stores in recent years and created a redesigned store layout, dubbed Discovery, that moves the toy stuffer closer to the front of the stores to increase visibility, among other changes. As store leases come up for renewal, the chain is converting to the Discovery store layout, although not yet at its local stores at West County Center or the Galleria. Recent changes also include a new logo and shift in signage at stores that emphasize more blue and less yellow. “We’re approaching our 20th year, and we hadn’t touched the brand in 20 years,” John said. She said by the end of the year, 55 of Build-A-Bear’s 330 stores will have their conversions to the Discovery format completed, with more conversions planned for next year. In addition to its corporate owned stores in North America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Denmark and China, there are 80 franchised international stores. John’s turnaround efforts helped lead the company to profitability in 2014 and 2015 following several years of losses. Its stock price has risen nearly 35 percent following its most recent quarterly earnings report late last month when the company updated its guidance for the year. Build-A-Bear’s stock closed Friday at $14.35 a share, up from $10.65 a share on Oct. 27. Build-A-Bear expects its fiscal 2016 revenue to increase in the low single-digit range compared to 2015. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Gravitating to locations inside movie theaters and other heavily trafficked areas while traffic at many malls is declining is a better approach than adding traditional mall stores, said Gerrick Johnson, an equity research analyst for BMO Capital Markets. “There are opportunities to capture incremental sales and incremental profit,” Johnson said. Analysts said they expect Build-A-Bear to continue to seek out opportunities for locations outside of the traditional mall store format. “They’ve proven that the Build-A-Bear model works in high traffic locations, and they don’t have to just be in malls,” said Alex Furhman, senior research analyst with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Strategic review As it makes changes to its stores and operations, Build-A-Bear also is undergoing a strategic review process that could include a joint venture partnership or sale, according to analysts. Build-A-Bear announced in May that its board is exploring strategic alternatives, and the company hired Guggenheim Securities as its financial adviser and Bryan Cave as its legal counsel in the review. Build-A-Bear said there’s no timetable for the review process, and executives declined to comment about it. “The process that they’re going through is to evaluate what strategic options exist for them to grow and what capital needs they have to maximize the value of the business and the brand,” said Stephanie Wissink, managing director and senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray & Co. “They might continue operating as an independent entity or find a strategic partner that has assets and capabilities that would be complementary to Build-A-Bear.” Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Lisa Brown • 314-340-8127 @lisabrownstl on Twitter lbrown@post-dispatch.com Tags Build-a-bear Carnival Cruise Lines Amc Theatres Chris Hurt Sharon John Build-a-bear Workshop Store Lisa Brown Lisa Brown is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Lisa Brown Close Get email notifications on Lisa Brown daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Lisa Brown posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Lisa Brown Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Build-A-Bear pursuing growth in smaller spaces, licensing deals Malls, retailers tweak hours as holiday shopping rush nears 4 strategies to make smart choices on holiday spending Thanksgiving cheer for consumers as turkey, ham prices fall More capital might solve the problem of too-big-to-fail banks Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Weekend Digest: The Crystal Ball, Trump victory tour, drone fireworks edition by Larry Brannan. Published Nov 19th, 2016 8:44 am ltbrannan@aol.com / @tbarkansas TV PREVIEW On this week’s TV edition of Talk Business & Politics, which airs Sundays at 9:30 a.m. on KATV Channel 7 in Central Arkansas and in Northeast Arkansas on KAIT-NBC, Sundays at 10 a.m.: A New Agenda Sen. Tom Cotton. He’s rumored for a position in the Trump administration, but the U.S. Senate has plenty of business ahead. Post-election, what are Cotton’s priorities? We’ll explore. The Aftermath Republicans and Democrats assess the aftermath of the big election. What stats stand out? And where do the two parties go from here? Chris Caldwell, campaign manager for Sen. John Boozman, and Democratic consultant Michael Cook are our guests. Inside the Numbers Plus, we’ll go inside the numbers for 3 numbers that mattered this week in business and politics. From Wal-Mart to Washington, D.C. Tune in to Talk Business & Politics in Central Arkansas on KATV Channel 7, Sundays at 9:30 a.m. and in Northeast Arkansas on KAIT-NBC, Sundays at 10 a.m. Coming in January 2017, Talk Business & Politics will air in Northwest Arkansas on KFSM Channel 5 at 10:30 a.m. following “Face the Nation.” THE 2017 FORTUNE CRYSTAL BALL Once again, Fortune has made its annual predictions from its “well-informed” staff “about the people, products, and trends that will matter in 2017.” The election of Donald Trump to the presidency represents a seismic shift in American politics, an event with implications nearly impossible to predict. One casualty of the election, indeed, may be the science of prediction itself: For all their algorithmic gymnastics, pollsters and betting markets were utterly confounded by Trump’s win. Which is why it’s essential to have a prediction tool that relies as much on art (and whimsy) as it does on science. “And this year, for some extra insight, we’ve even teamed up with artificial-intelligence powerhouse IBM Watson, which mined tens of millions of sources to help us spot hidden trends. Here, we offer our well-informed, intuitive take on the stories that will shape business — and much else — in the coming year.” Read on here. AMAZON WANTS TO BE YOUR HOUSEKEEPER In his annual letter to shareholders, Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos wrote, “We want Prime to be such a good value, you’d be irresponsible not to be a member,” posts Forbes. “To make good on that proposition, Amazon currently offers free two-day deliveries on over 30 million items, free same-day deliveries on hundreds of thousands of products, free video streaming of original series and other programming, free storage on the Amazon Cloud, the Kindle Lending Library, discounted rates on its new streaming music subscription services… The list goes on.” Now, according to reports, it appears as though Amazon plans to add housekeeping services as a perk for its Prime members. Read on at this link. HOW A NEW CEO CAN MAKE A FIRM MORE ENTREPRENEURIAL “A new face at the top brings new hopes, and often, new strategic priorities,” says Harvard Business Review. “When Target hired Brian Cornell as CEO in 2014, expectations were high that he would inject fresh energy into one of the largest U.S. retail chains. When that same year Microsoft replaced CEO Steve Ballmer with Satya Nadella, the move signaled the possibility for major change. Indeed, the company eventually announced its strategy to venture massively into cloud computing.” When new CEOs take charge, they sometimes change or even reverse the entire strategic course of the company – a course that, such as in the case of Microsoft, often aligns with entrepreneurial growth opportunities. Newly appointed CEOs might consider such an entrepreneurial focus attractive for various reasons. Following an entrepreneurial strategy ultimately means that managers and employees of a firm act more proactively and innovatively, and they take more risks — all which is known to drive growth and increase a firm’s advantage against competitors. “Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice shows that new CEOs indeed change a firm’s strategy and that this change tends to go into a more entrepreneurial direction. Interestingly, we found CEOs hired from the outside are more likely to change a firm’s strategy more drastically. However, insider CEOs are more likely to adopt new entrepreneurial strategies much sooner.” There are several reasons for the shift to more entrepreneurial strategies. Learn what they are by clicking here. THE MYTHS DEMOCRATS SWALLOWED THAT COST THEM THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION An editorial writer for The Scoop posts, “I have no problem with anyone who voted for Trump, because they wanted a Trump presidency. I have an enormous problem with anyone who voted for Trump or Stein or Johnson — or who didn’t vote at all — and who now expresses horror about the outcome of this election. If you don’t like the consequences of your own actions, shut the hell up.” The problem this election season has been that liberal Democrats — just like too many Republicans — have been consumed by provably false conspiracy theories. They have trafficked in them on Facebook and Twitter, they have read only websites that confirm what they want to believe, and they have, in the past few months, unknowingly gulped down Russian propaganda with delight. In other words, just like the conservatives they belittle, they have been inside a media bubble that blocked them from reality. So before proceeding, let’s address a few fantasies about this campaign: Here. TRUMP TEAM PLANNING SPECIAL VICTORY TOUR POLITICO posts, “President-elect Donald Trump will be embarking on a ‘victory tour’ to the states he carried, a campaign aide told reporters Thursday.” “We’re working on a victory tour now; it will happen in the next couple of weeks,” said George Gigicos, the campaign’s advance team director, who briefly talked about Trump’s first trip, according to pool reports. For more on this story, go to this link. THE DIVIDE BETWEEN CITY AND COUNTRY “The 2016 election exposed a chasm between urban and non-urban America that will likely widen under a Trump administration,” says The Atlantic. The earthquake that elected Donald Trump has left the United States approaching 2020 with a political landscape reminiscent of 1920. Not since then has the cultural chasm between urban and non-urban America shaped the struggle over the country’s direction as much as today. Of all the overlapping generational, racial, and educational divides that explained Trump’s stunning upset over Hillary Clinton last week, none proved more powerful than the distance between the Democrats’ continued dominance of the largest metropolitan areas, and the stampede toward the GOP almost everywhere else. “Trump’s victory was an empire-strikes-back moment for all the places and voters that feel left behind in an increasingly diverse, post-industrial, and urbanized America. Squeezing bigger margins from smaller places, Trump overcame a tide of resistance in the largest metropolitan areas that allowed Clinton to carry the national popular vote, but not the decisive Electoral College.” “This election thus carved a divide between cities and non-metropolitan areas as stark as American politics has produced since the years just before and after 1920. That year marked a turning point: It was the first time the Census recorded that more people lived in urban than non-urban areas. That tangible sense of shifting influence triggered a series of political and social conflicts between big cities teeming with immigrants, many of them Catholic, and small towns and rural communities that remained far more homogeneously, white, native-born, and Protestant.” For the complete post, follow this link. THE FIREWORKS OF THE FUTURE “In the 18 minutes it takes to blow up 30-some tons of fireworks for the Fourth of July show on the National Mall in D.C., it costs the government more than 200 grand. Bigger shows—like the massive Macy’s show in New York City—can cost millions,” reports Fast Company. “Fireworks also make local air pollution spike, and can pollute water and soil when chemicals and heavy metals shower down from the pyrotechnics.” But everyone likes a show. So Intel is attempting to pioneer an alternative that’s just as mesmerizing to watch: hundreds of drones, choreographed into a spectacular light display. The company first tested the idea in 2015, in an experiment with 100 manually programmed drones. Now they’ve unveiled a new drone, called the Shooting Star, designed for light shows. An algorithm automatically programs the drones to fly in formation, and a single pilot can run the display. Prepare to be amazed here. MUSK SAYS TELSA’S SOLAR SHINGLES WILL COST LESS THAN A DUMB ROOF Bloomberg reports, “It’s official: After Tesla shareholders approved the acquisition of SolarCity, the new company is now an unequivocal sun-to-vehicle energy firm. And Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk didn’t take long to make his first big announcement as head of this new enterprise.” Minutes after shareholders approved the deal — about 85 percent of them voted yes — Musk told the crowd that he had just returned from a meeting with his new solar engineering team. Tesla’s new solar roof product, he proclaimed, will actually cost less to manufacture and install than a traditional roof—even before savings from the power bill. “Electricity,” Musk said, “is just a bonus.” “If Musk’s claims prove true, this could be a real turning point in the evolution of solar power. The rooftop shingles he unveiled just a few weeks ago are something to behold: They’re made of textured glass and are virtually indistinguishable from high-end roofing products. They also transform light into power for your home and your electric car.” More on this incredible new Telsa rooftop at this link. AN ENTIRE MBA INTO ONE ONLINE COURSE Business Insider says, “If your’e looking to sharpen your finance knowledge before diving in, Udemy is currently offering a course just for you. Chris Haroun has guest lectured and advised at McGill and Columbia Universities, respectively, worked a Goldman Sachs, and authored “101 Crucial Lessons They Don’t Teach You in Business School,” which was recently named by Forbes magazine as “1 of 6 books that all entrepreneurs need to read right now”.” Haroun has taken lessons he’s taught at universities in the past and condensed them into one course that he describes as “an entire MBA.” “Through the class students will learn macro and micro economics, how to value companies, and the basics of how investment banks and management consulting firms work. In addition to the nuts and bolts, Haroun aims to teach his students about the importance of personal connections and professional presentation: how to identify and pitch venture capitalists and communicate your ideas clearly and concisely. And talk about a Black Friday deal. You’ll be amazed at how much this course costs. But you’d better hurry. Course details at this link. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 2shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Home The Loft News Commentary Fresh Ink Cartoons About Us Sunday, November 20, 2016 Contact Subscribe Home The Loft News Commentary Fresh Ink Cartoons About Us Home News Transgender Activist Charged in Triple Murder Transgender Activist Charged in Triple Murder Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, Calif.) November 19, 2016 at 6:35 am 12 News Share! Facebook Tweet Google+ Tumblr Pinterest OAKLAND — A San Jose woman on Tuesday made her first court appearance on special circumstance murder charges in the death of an Oakland couple and their son, a triple slaying that has the victims’ family members searching for answers. Dana Rivers, 61, is accused of fatally shooting and stabbing semi-retired Berkeley school district teacher Patricia Wright, 57, and her wife Charlotte Reed, 56, fatally shooting Wright’s 19-year-old son Benny Diambu-Wright and then setting fire to the family’s East Oakland home in an attempt to destroy evidence. Dana Rivers Rivers, a former Sacramento school teacher, gained national attention when she had a sex change operation to become a woman in the 1990s. “It’s just unbelievable,” said Michael Campbell, the father of Wright’s other son, Khari. He described the slain women as “normal moms.” Diambu-Wright was an aspiring nurse who was attending Laney College and working at Walmart. Wright and Reed had been married for over a year and had three children between them. Rivers was described as an acquaintance. “I knew this woman (Rivers),” said Wright’s son Khari Campbell-Wright, 19. “I don’t know the whole confines of what was going on. I know she (Rivers) was in a motorcycle club. My mom had no part of it. My brother had no part of it. “Wrong place, wrong time,” he said. Police said Rivers was covered with blood and was about to flee on a motorcycle belonging to Reed when she was arrested by police about 12:30 a.m. Friday, moments after officers responded to the house in the 9400 block of Dunbar Drive for reports of gunfire. Authorities said Rivers had tried to set the house ablaze but her fire was confined to the garage area and quickly controlled. Diambu-Wright was found shot to death outside the front of the two-story house. Court documents identified him as Toto M. Diambu, but his family and neighbors said he was known as Benny Diambu-Wright. Inside the house, police found the Wright and Reed stabbed and shot. Rivers was charged with three counts of murder, the special circumstance that there were multiple killings, arson of an inhabited structure and possession of metal knuckles. The charges call for life in prison without the possibility of parole and make her eligible for the death penalty if the Alameda County District Attorney’s Office decides to pursue capital punishment. Authorities have not released a motive but have indicated it might have been a dispute over some property. In court documents, police said Rivers “began to make spontaneous statements about her involvement in the murders.” The document also states that officers found ammunition and knives in her pockets. Two decades ago, Rivers had a sex-change operation to become a woman and was dismissed as a school teacher in a Sacramento suburb. Born David Warfield, she was an award-winning school teacher before she began hormone treatments and surgeries to become a woman in 1999, according to the Associated Press and other media accounts. After she made her intentions known to school officials at Center High School in suburban Sacramento, the school district put her on administrative leave and eventually dismissed her. She sued and reached a settlement. Rivers is being held at Santa Rita Jail without bail and returns to court Wednesday morning. ___ (c)2016 the Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, Calif.) Visit the Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, Calif.) at www.eastbaytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. —- This content is published through a licensing agreement with Acquire Media using its NewsEdge technology. VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 3.6/10 (7 votes cast) Transgender Activist Charged in Triple Murder, 3.6 out of 10 based on 7 ratings Share! Facebook Tweet Google+ Tumblr Pinterest Please leave a comment below. 12 Comments 1coachretired1 November 19, 2016 at 9:39 am He/she it?-She has a wife? What an absolute evil mess! Get behind me satan! VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 4.9/5 (9 votes cast) Log in to Reply DrGadget November 19, 2016 at 9:30 pm “Rivers, a former Sacramento school teacher, gained national attention when she had a sex change operation to become a woman in the 1990s.” OK so some dude who is into extreme self-mutilation, doesn’t understand what a gender is, and most likely voted for Hillary 3 times, killed a family and then tried to burn the bodies. This, 26 years after suing the school where he worked when they rightly decided to get the freak away from impressionable students who probably had to endure his non-stop LGBTQ rants every day in class. I’d be fine with the death penalty. Give him the chair. VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 4.7/5 (3 votes cast) ltuser November 20, 2016 at 1:27 am So if IT’s convicted, which jail does it go to?? VN:F [1.9.6_1107] please wait... Rating: 5.0/5 (2 votes cast) backpacker November 19, 2016 at 9:48 am Liberalism at its finest. Obama’s people = criminals, drug dealers, racists and no religion. VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 5.0/5 (9 votes cast) Log in to Reply baitfish November 19, 2016 at 9:49 am This seriously mentally ill MAN needs to be locked up for the duration. HE has nothing to contribute to society, and HE is obviously dangerous to others. Should have happened BEFORE he murdered people. And no, HE is not a WOMAN, and no amount of hormone therapy or surgery will change that. VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 5.0/5 (9 votes cast) Log in to Reply FrankC November 19, 2016 at 10:58 am Was there anyone involved in this who did not have some seriously defective wiring between the ears? VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 5.0/5 (8 votes cast) Log in to Reply columba November 19, 2016 at 11:52 am What? Didn’t you read the part that called the two women “married” to each other “normal moms”? Those poor kids … even the one who survived. Imagine being raised in a situation like that. VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 4.9/5 (7 votes cast) mhawkins53 November 19, 2016 at 11:03 am While I am SO confused, three persons, including a child, are dead…. Sigh… VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 2.7/5 (3 votes cast) Log in to Reply bruceinaz November 19, 2016 at 11:42 am Surgery and hormone treatments do not change ones DNA. This piece of human debris is and always will be a male. Notice I didn’t call it a man. VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 4.9/5 (9 votes cast) Log in to Reply waitingongod November 19, 2016 at 4:35 pm This all goes back to God’s commands to the first man and woman as spoken years later by Christ: God made them male and female, to be married, stay together and told them to have children. satan the devil has tried every possible way to keep mankind from being obedient to this simple command from our Creator. This “trans” thing is nothing but a tool of satan to get people to go against God. God is not to be mocked. What a man sows, he will reap. When reading about these people, it reminds me of geldings and of ancient slave men who were eunuchs and used to guard women. Back then, everyone recognized that these animals and people were not as they were created to be. The slaves were not normal men. And a woman cannot have a “wife.” A woman can have a housekeeper. VN:D [1.9.6_1107] Rating: 4.5/5 (6 votes cast) Log in to Reply jrchambers November 20, 2016 at 12:13 am We need to continue to have moral parameters connected to the culture. In America, these moral parameters were inspired by the Word of God. They work. They have contributed to the success of the greatest country on earth. “Normal Moms,” two women married to each other? Absolutely not! Here lies part of the huge problem: journalists, in their pursuit of political correctness, attempt to normalize perverted behavior through their condescending writings. Two women or two men who are “married to each other,” are unable to produce children. “They had three children among them.” Please explain. Every child has a father. Maybe the father is gone. Maybe he is dead or in prison. Maybe he just bailed. If the children were adopted, then say so. Women are unable to produce children without a man. That is just the way it was, is, and will continue to be. At times, political correctness consists of straight out lies. Part of the price that must be paid for living in a free country is to not expect everyone to agree with your lifestyle. Of course we need not be rude. We must not murder people either. VN:F [1.9.6_1107] please wait... Rating: 4.5/5 (2 votes cast) Log in to Reply ltuser November 20, 2016 at 1:29 am So.. anyone think ‘it” will be charged with a hate crime? VN:F [1.9.6_1107] please wait... Rating: 5.0/5 (1 vote cast) Log in to Reply Write a Reply or Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Login using one of your social media accounts or login to GOPUSA using the link above. Login or Register Join the discussions! Click here to login or use the link below to register and start making comments. Register You can also make comments using one of your existing social media accounts. Comment using: Get our Newsletter! Sign up for our daily newsletter. It's free! Click here to subscribe. Hot Topics Students demand their schools be turned into 'sanctuary campuses' 99 comments City Council Member's Call to Shut Down Trump Inauguration Brings Flood of Complaints 65 comments Emanuel doubts Trump will cut funding for sanctuary cities 52 comments Trump foes plead their hopeless case to Pa. Electoral College members 49 comments Obama encourages Trump protesters 43 comments Recent Comments "They're the same kind of people who, in 1913 voted to give people the direct vote for senators rather than..." Comment by Timothy Toroian Posted in Trump foes plead their hopeless case to Pa. Electoral College members "Back in 1956, I made a two for one trip to Chicago; both my first and last. As a..." Comment by jaskirksey@gmail.com Posted in Emanuel doubts Trump will cut funding for sanctuary cities "Folks: What is the first thing you do when you leave your house? Right! You lock your door. Lets put up that wall..." Comment by eagleseven Posted in Border Patrol union welcomes Trump's wall as 'vital tool' Bringing the Conservative Message to America Follow Us Get our Newsletter! Sign up for our daily newsletter. It's free! Click here to subscribe. Hot Topics Students demand their schools be turned into 'sanctuary campuses' 99 comments City Council Member's Call to Shut Down Trump Inauguration Brings Flood of Complaints 65 comments Emanuel doubts Trump will cut funding for sanctuary cities 52 comments Trump foes plead their hopeless case to Pa. Electoral College members 49 comments Obama encourages Trump protesters 43 comments Copyright © 2016 - GOPUSA.com - All rights reserved. Contact Privacy About Us
Kansas Ag Network 94.5 Country FM Country Legends 106.9 Radio Works Job Link ENTER TO WIN! WIBW News Now! Kansas Source for News, Weather and Sports - Topeka, Lawrence, Manhattan, Junction City Header Weather 45°F Clear Feels Like 38° Winds SSE 17 mph Sun54° 29° Mon58° 47° Tue64° 40° Wed52° 31° Thu59° 33° ENTER TO WIN Home News Agriculture Sports Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Winners Station Contest Rules Weather Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts News at Noon Michael Newman Show Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us Black Friday Creep is Changing Consumer Behavior by Nick Gosnell on November 19, 2016 at 8:16 AM A University of Kansas professor says some stores are letting employees spend more time with their families, because being open Thanksgiving wouldn’t help their bottom line. “There do seem to be a category of stores that are deciding it’s kind of not worth it for them to open on Thanksgiving and even for some of them on Black Friday,” said Noelle Nelson, assistant professor of marketing and consumer behavior in the KU School of Business. “They’re the ones that don’t compete with the really deep discounts, like Target and Wal-Mart.” Nelson says the store’s category generally determines whether or not they think being open extra helps them out, and with online retailers getting more and more market share, Nelson says every day is Cyber Monday during the holiday season. “Now, online retailers are so popular that they don’t even contain it to one day,” said Nelson. “Amazon started having Black Friday sales right after Halloween this year.” Nelson says she’s even seen Black Friday in July kinds of sales as online retailers spread deals out throughout the calendar. Such tactics have changed some of the psychology that used to go into getting people to camp out beside stores on Black Friday. “There’s this psychological idea of scarcity,” said Nelson. “As humans, we’re kind of wired to pay a lot of attention to when there’s a limited amount of time or a limited amount of quantity. Black Friday has been both of those things in the past. There was only one day, and you could get those deals for only that day and a lot of times they’d run out of whatever product it was.” Nelson says that consumers are smart and they’ve learned through the last few holiday cycles that they can get really good deals on days that are not Black Friday. Nick Gosnell joined the 580 News Team in 2015. You can follow him on Twitter @NickGosnell11. Headlines Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Social Icons Zone 111 Trending Stories Hornets Advance Set up Match with Bearcats in Playoffs Jayhawks Take Down Texas in OT Thriller Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach to meet with Trump Ichabods Blister Nets as they Stay Unbeaten Barnes Leads Cats to Win in Waco Drury Throttles Washburn Women on the Hard Wood Zone 112 Copyright © 2016 · Dynamik Website Builder on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Left Column Copyright © 2016 Alpha Media USA Right Column E.E.O. Public File Report WIBW Contest Rules Privacy Policy Careers Bottom Center Java/1.8.0_03-Ubuntu Page Id: 113481 ~ User IP: seth-smarttv.student.umd.edu desktop WIBW News Now! ENTER TO WIN Home News ▷ Agriculture Sports ▷ Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio ▷ 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Station Contest Rules Weather ▷ Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community ▷ Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video ▷ WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts ▷ News at Noon Michael Newman Show Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us
Home Uncovered SLO Daily Briefs Discovered Sales and Deals Opinion Eye on the Coast Login EventsEvent LocationsWeatherDonateAdvertise Employment SearchTipsStore Front Page  »   Car with Trump bumper sticker torched in Santa Maria November 16, 2016 An arsonist allegedly set fire to a car in Santa Maria on Sunday that had a Donald Trump bumper sticker. [KCOY] On Sunday evening, a driver parked a green Ford Mustang in a lot in front of the popular El Pueblo Mexican restaurant, as well as the John Deere complex and Walmart shopping center on Blosser Road. Around 6 p.m., flames erupted from the Mustang which had been severely vandalized, officials said. Santa Maria Fire Battalion Chef Mike Barneich said the incident is currently under investigation as an arson, and it might have been politically charged. Barneich said the fire started in the passenger compartment and extended into the motor area. Firefighters controlled the blaze within a few minutes. The owner of the Mustang said he lost most of his personal belongings and irreplaceable personal items in the arson attack. He confirmed his car had a Trump bumper sticker on it but would not comment further on the incident. Authorities have not made any arrests. There were a lot of witnesses at the scene, but none of them have spoken with authorities, Barneich said. Surveillance cameras failed to capture any suspects in the case. It is believed that it was either too dark outside or the cameras were not working properly at the time. Loading... Subjects: Arson    Donald Trump    Santa Maria    Santa Maria Fire Department        Print PDF                                      Related: <- Previous Next -> Cambria finance director in line for five-digit raise Pismo Beach City Council passes urgency pot ban The comments below represent the opinion of the writer and do not represent the views or policies of CalCoastNews.com.  (moderator@calcoastnews.com  Comment Guidelines ) 27 Comments Older Comments 1 2 ConfedOfDunces says: 11/17/2016 at 10:04 am It is apparent that left leaning factions are as quick with their fists as they are with the peace sign. “Pardon me sheep, but your wolf is showing.” Trump is little more than the punchline to an ongoing eight year joke. Emotions upon Obama’s election were just as vehement but not nearly as destructive. Instead of protests in elementary school classrooms there were Obama chants that likened his as the second coming. (1) 13 Total Votes - 7 up - 6 down Log in to Reply Older Comments 1 2 Leave a Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Comment Guidelines Sponsored Links Sponsored Links Search Cal Coast News.Com Sponsored Links Recent And Most Commented Recent topics Most viewed Most commented Sponsored Links Facebook Connect with us!         Popular this week Deputy’s DUI arrests leads to allegations of favoritism Harmon closing in on Marx in latest report Prosecution of Templeton robbery case sparks feud Car with Trump bumper sticker torched in Santa Maria Rizzo amends his SLO rental inspection lawsuit Pismo Beach planning urgency pot ban Nipomo package thief caught on camera, then arrested Mother to combat Paso Robles drug problem after son finds needle California deputy shot at point-blank range CCN Team Editor: Bill Loving bloving@calcoastnews.com Reporter: Karen Velie velie@calcoastnews.com Senior Correspondent: Dan Blackburn blackburn@calcoastnews.com Reporter: Josh Friedman jfriedman@calcoastnews.com Movies: Miranda Foresman mforesman@calcoastnews.com Advertising Inquiries: Jeff Lind jeff@calcoastnews.com Art Director: Roxanne roxanne@calcoastnews.com Contributors Our Contributors Be part of the news. Send pics, video and tips to CCN. Tip Your Team tips@calcoastnews.com Events events@calcoastnews.com Advertise ads@calcoastnews.com Moderator moderator@calcoastnews.com Site Issues admin@calcoastnews.com Events 12/21/2016 - SLO Elks Bingo 12/15/2016 - Straight Up Jazz with John Schnackenberg and Cougar Estrada Sax & Keyboard 12/15/2016 - Moonlight Hours 12/14/2016 - SLO Elks Bingo 12/13/2016 - SLO Friends of the Library Book Sale 12/04/2016 - PANCAKE BREAKFAST at SLO GRANGE 12/04/2016 - Public Pancake Breakfast at SLO Grange 12/03/2016 - Illuminating Evening at Vina Robles 11/24/2016 - Live Pub Karaoke at Pappy McGregor's Pub SLO 11/22/2016 - Trivia Night at Pappy McGregor's Pub SLO 11/22/2016 - Farmersâ€™ Market Tuesday 3-6pm SLO Grange Meta Register Log in Profile Events More info Links 920 KVEC Jeff Bliss Roger’s View Community Donate Blood Food Bank Coalition Slo the Stigma VolunteerSlo Woods Humane Pacific Wildlife Care More About Us Advertise Contact Us CCN @ Facebook CCN on Twitter Contributors Community Events Comment Voting Comment Guidelines Donate Employment Consumer Product Recalls Earthquakes Food Recalls and Safety Alerts Fresh Events Happy Hours Log Out More News Most Discussed Most Popular Profile Random Event Images Recent Articles Recent Comments Search Sitemap Submit Your Event Subscribe by Email Terms of Service Tip Your Team Weather ﻿ Home Uncovered SLO Daily Briefs Discovered Eye on the Coast Opinion Screening Room Home Calendar Contact Us Advertise About Us RSS Site Map Search Donate Submit Event DMCA Notice CalCoastNews Community Event Calendar    Find It, Go There and Enjoy!    Submit your Events here for free! Terms Of Service     Privacy Policy Copyright © 2008-2015 Cal Coast News. Trademarks property of their respective owners. All posts and Comments © the original authors.     
Monday, November 21, 2016 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times You are at:Home»Weekly»The Sunday Times Magazine»Janine Tugonon spreads her wings Janine Tugonon spreads her wings 1 By CARLA BIANCA RAVANES-HIGHAM on November 19, 2016 The Sunday Times Magazine Tweet It was the year 2012, and just like clockwork, the nation tuned into their televisions in the middle of the day to cheer on the Philippines’ candidate to the Miss Universe pageant. She may not have won the crown that year—albeit landing an impressive first-runner up finish—but four years later, she would bring pride to her country all the same, gaining wings and flying high all on her own in the Big Apple. From the Universe to NYC New York City is filled with beautiful people, and right smack in the middle of this pulsating vibe is the Filipina runner-up of Miss Universe 2012, Janine Tugnon. Now 27 years old, the former beauty queen exudes a different kind of confidence. It is the kind of confidence that belongs to someone who has seen the world, and because of it, developed a depth that wasn’t quite there before. This, despite the fact that she has had her share of notable achievements even before she decided to move to the United States in 2013. It was the year 2012 when the nation tuned into their televisions to cheer for Janine Tugonon, the Philippines’ candidate to the Miss Universe pageant AFP FILE PHOTO To be sure, Tugonon knows what it feels to succeed. A consistent honor student since her elementary days, she was crowned Bb. Pilipinas-Universe shortly after graduating Cum Laude as a Pharmacy major at the University of Sto. Tomas. Diverted by the beauty queen path from her college degree, she found herself uncertain what to do next with only a first runner-up sash from Miss Universe to her name. “I consider that phase of my life as a transition period. I steered away from the plan I created for myself and ventured into [what I felt]was God’s plan and purpose for me,” recalled Tugonon in this one-on-one interview with The Sunday Times Magazine. “I remember being so raw and new in the [modeling]industry. I have always been known to speak my mind, and I learned the hard way there’s a downside to that, especially in this industry. I was overwhelmed at that time yet I knew in my heart that I had to keep going.” Criticized and bashed for her bold move, Tugonon also learned through this time to keep her head up no matter what. “I’m the type of person who forgets criticism, which is good. I don’t focus on the negative and instead choose to focus on people who encourage, help, and support me. I just work hard and try to offer words of love, life, and encouragement.” Crossing oceans Tugonon says she has always wanted to live somewhere in the West, growing up watching American shows, curious what it would be like to live there “I have always wanted to live somewhere in the West,” shared Tugonon of her decision to try her luck abroad. “I grew up watching American shows and I was always curious what it was like to live there. It was my mom who saw the scholarship offered by Miss Universe for the New York Film Academy, and with her encouragement, I decided to fly across the world to pursue my interest in acting.” With a dream in her heart and an unwavering faith that she will be guided by the heavens, Janine took on her life’s biggest adventure. Besides studying, she also pursued modeling, which initially she thought would be easy. She humbly confessed, however, “When I started modeling, I thought I was going to book a lot of jobs constantly. Because to be honest, Filipina beauty is appreciated everywhere, most especially in the States. Even people in the streets would be quick to approach you to say so but in the first weeks after signing with my agency, I wasn’t getting the jobs. I was worried my agent would drop me.” Luckily, her agent, Francis Arden believed in her spirit and kept her on, but all the same, the usually optimistic young lady still felt dejected. “I was thinking that there was something wrong with me because I wasn’t booking jobs. I focused instead on losing weight while figuring out the modeling industry. It was extremely frustrating, but eventually patience paid off, and the projects became more consistent. They weren’t huge jobs, mind you, but enough to tide me over—to pay the bills, and the rent.” Frugal with money, she sustained herself through her time in New York and stints in Los Angeles. Soon enough, Tugonon became the face for many US brands including Wells Fargo, Walmart, and Kohl’s. It was in August this year that Janine Tugonon became the very first Filipina model to join the exclusive clique of Victoria Secret Angels through a 50-seconder online ad known as ‘VS Pink’ Asked how she overcame rejections before her modelling career finally picked up, she replied, “The idea of doing something else kills me. I knew this was what I wanted to pursue, and while there were days questioned it—when I didn’t have jobs lined up—something came up soon enough. The Provider provides if you’re on the right track, you just have to trust Him.” The determined lady also credits a strong support system for seeing her through her toughest times, like her friend Rasec Marc Ortega who pushed her to keep going. “He just told me, ‘Keep at it, keep at it.’ There are people placed in your life for a reason. Keep them, love them, and support them too.” Most of all, Tugonon believes her faith was her strongest and most effective shield from giving up. “Faith is everything. Without it, I would have given up a long time ago. I never liked rejections. I grew up an achiever and was a consistent honor student, so imagine how I feel about rejection. It’s discouraging, but the thing is, when God puts something in your heart, like I said the Provider provides, even in the most challenging moments. And while He won’t give it quickly, because He is building your character to prepare you for what He has in store, He is always there for you.” She is grateful for the challenges that taught her the virtue of humility. “I realized it’s because of Him that I am where I am.” Winged woman Besides studying acting at the New York Film Academy— under a scholarship— Tugonon pursued modeling It was in August this year that Janine Tugonon became the very first Filipina model to join the exclusive clique of Victoria Secret Angels. She appeared in a 50-seconder online ad known as “VS Pink.” She said of her big break, “It felt really great and I will be forever grateful to the team [behind the project]. It is one of those ads that you think is a stepping stone to something more, and true enough they called me for the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show casting.” Despite missing the cut, Tugonon served as an inspiration to Filipinas who hope to break through the international modeling scene. And like she said, when something you hope for does not happen at first, it only means “the Provider” has a different plan for you. Sure enough, she was chosen as one of the 12 winners of the annual search for the Nu Muses Calendar, which gave her the opportunity to work with renowned French fashion photographer David Bellemere whose works fill the pages of Vogue Paris, Marie Claire Italy, Nippon Vogue, and Elle USA to name a few. Her shoot for the calendar in the Dominican Republic was only the beginning of this exciting project, which has taken Tugonon back home to Manila. Apparently, each of the 12 featured models will be filmed in their home country as part of an exclusive documentary, and the beautiful balikbayan is now here for her part of it. According to Tugonon, both the docu and the calendar will be launched at Art Basil in Miami, after which she and the other featured models will be given the chance to grace the covers of international glossy magazines. It was the smart lady’s definition of timeless beauty, which landed her a place among the 12 winners. Tugonon said, “The question to define timeless beauty was actually tough. But as cliché as it may sound, I said beauty comes from within and it’s true. If we fill our minds with comparison, insecurities, hatred, it will reflect in our overall aura and how we deal with people. Inner peace and security goes a long way.” She also said that Filipinas stand out among women around the world “because our beauty is unique, and because of our good work ethic.” Janine today Tugonon is happily busy these days—thriving in a career she continues to work hard for. Not one to forget her beauty queen roots, Tugonon was spotted twice bonding with her Miss Universe Philippines successors, Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach (topmost) and Miss Universe Philippines 2016 Maxine Medina (above) “I’ve taken a part time job in a clothing store at night, while I continue to pursue modeling,” she humbly said. “I don’t consider myself ‘there’ yet but I thank God for the projects that are coming. I won’t have to worry about rent for the next few months!” she added laughing. “But there’s more work to be done—I’m just hopeful, expectant, and positive.” When asked what her advice is to women who are passionate about their dreams, she replied, “First, never compare. Each and everyone has a purpose. There are different routes for different people. Never compare your journey to another person’s journey. Just stay on your path because comparing makes you lose sight of where you’re going. “Comparing ourselves leads to doubt, anger, and jealousy and we become discouraged and insecure,” she continued. “This is where crab mentality stems from. We all have a different and unique purpose so once you find that purpose, never give up, just keep at it. “It’s not going to be easy, there will be pain and heartaches but you have to keep running your race. Work hard and strive for excellence. Don’t settle, and be the best you can be. Be right with people, have fun through the journey, and have faith you’ll be fine.” Finally asked to describe Janine Tugonon today, she declared, “I am more confident and convinced that this is the path I was made to take. When I was younger, I was hesitant and terrified to pursue it. Now, I am more focused on what the Lord has planned for me.” Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... 1 Comment rommel on November 20, 2016 4:41 am Good luck Janine to your modelling career, dont give up and wishing you more job opportunities to come. Reply Leave A Reply Cancel Reply you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1020 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2016 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Deals LEGO Classic 1,500-pc. Large Creative Box for $54 + free shipping LEGO Classic 1,500-pc. Large Creative Box for $54 + free shipping Published: 1 day ago / Buy Now $54 Buy Now Walmart still offers the LEGO Classic Large Creative Box, model no. 10697, for $54 with free shipping. That's $6 off list and the lowest total price we could find for this hard-to-find set, although we saw it for $5 less last November. (3rd-party resellers charge around $100 or more.) It includes 1,500 pieces. Also still available is the LEGO Duplo My First LEGO Duplo Large Creative Box, model no. 10622, for $49.99. Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $5.97 shipping fee. Although that's list price, it's the only major retailer carrying this set, with 3rd-party resellers charging around $87 or more. It includes 193 pieces. Note: Both of these sets will drop to $30 during Walmart's Black Friday Sale; however, they are expected to sell out extremely quickly. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL LEGO Star Wars Death Star Final Duel for $57 + free shipping LEGO Technic Race Truck for $40 + free shipping Funko Figures at GameStop from 47 cents + free shipping w/ $25 Popular deals Millennium Falcon 7-Color Table and Desk Lamp - $39.95 HDTVs at Walmart Deals from $75 + free shipping Yamaha RX-V681 7.2 Network HT Receiver - $599.99 Walmart Baby Welcome Box for free + free shipping Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Woman left sleeping child in running vehicle at Walmart, police say Print Email Bill Gallo Jr. | For NJ.com By Bill Gallo Jr. | For NJ.com Today's Sunbeam Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 19, 2016 at 8:03 AM, updated November 19, 2016 at 8:22 AM comments PENNSVILLE TWP. — A woman left her sleeping child inside a running vehicle outside the local Walmart, authorities said. Shardai T. Nichols allegedly left a sleeping child in the back seat of a car, police say. (SCCF)  Police said they noticed the car because it was parked in a fire lane outside the main entrance to the store when they arrived around 5:30 p.m. Monday. As one of the officers was writing a ticket, the cop saw a child asleep on the back seat of the vehicle, police said. The driver of the vehicle, Shardai T. Nichols, 21, of Salem came out of the store on South Broadway and allegedly gave officers a false name. Authorities said there were four outstanding warrants against her. Nichols was arrested and charged with child neglect and interfering with an officer, according to police. The the child was turned over to a family member and the state Department of Children and Families was notified. Police did not say if the child in the car was a boy or girl or give the age of the child. Man using dead cop's ID to bilk banks Bail on the child neglect and police interference charges for Nichols was set at $15,000, police said. Nichols was taken to the Salem County Correctional Facility, Mannington Township. She was released on Nov. 15, according to jail records. Bill Gallo Jr. may be reached at bgallo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow Bill Gallo Jr. on Twitter @bgallojr. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Photos from South Jersey Times N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 20+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Inspired Life I’m a Hispanic-Arab American, and Trump’s election doesn’t shake my belief in America The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Ammar Campa-Najjar November 19 However history looks back on this election, I like to believe that many of us will remember what comes next as not only a challenging time for diversity in America but also an empowering one. I understand why some people may struggle with the idea of this diversity. It’s still a radical idea after all, this notion of a nation with roots from every nation. Think about it, we are the only civilization on earth ever to be founded on this defiant worldview: that our individual differences don’t outweigh our common humanity. In many ways, America is still ahead of its time. I love this country because it’s a place where the ultimate comeback stories are written — including my family’s own story. Only in America can the son of a Hispanic woman from the barrio and an Arab man from an occupied territory have the freedom to reimagine his life and pursue his dreams. I spent my early years with my family under siege by American-made helicopters and F-16s that leveled entire buildings on the block where we lived. And then, just as surreally, I spent the second part of my life working for the U.S. government, entrusted with serving the American public. It’s not the perfect love story, but I know what I’ve witnessed in my life is nothing short of an American miracle. My father, Yasser Najjar, saw both his parents gunned down right in front of him when he was only 11 years old. Orphaned and outlawed, my father moved across Egypt, Lebanon and Morocco in search of a new home. On his 18th birthday, he found himself at a critical crossroads: continue seeking refuge across the Middle East, or move westward to America. He chose America, and America chose him. In 1986, on a sunny San Diego day, my father met my mother and they soon married. In 1993, my father asked the family to relocate to the Middle East for a few years so that he could help Yasser Arafat lead a secular unity government. Today, baba is a law-abiding, taxpaying, American Muslim who has devoted his life to promoting peace between Israel and the Palestinian people. His pain was turned into purpose, to make the world a better place for his children. Ammar Campa-Najjar as a young boy with his father, Yasser Najjar. (Courtesy of Ammar Campa-Najjar) My mother, Abigail Campa, the modest Mexican Catholic daughter of an orphaned migrant farmworker, showed me through a divorce and financial difficulty that you can dust yourself off and start again, that there’s dignity in a hard day’s work, and that your work doesn’t define you, it reveals you. She went from working as a receptionist to applying to work in a Walmart in her 50s to a career in real estate. She repeatedly inconvenienced her life for mine, whether it was choosing to live in a war zone just so her boys could have a father present or interrupting work to drive me home from school, to soccer games, to church. Her pain too was turned into purpose — to show her children all true love can do. I’ll never forget watching my mother weep when I was 9 years old. My abuelita flew from San Diego all the way to Tel Aviv to visit, only to be turned away. The second intifada — a brutal war between Israel and the Palestinian people — broke out the hour she landed. Nobody could enter, and nobody could leave. My mom’s source of comfort was so close, yet so far. I vowed to never show weakness or let her see me cry. So I didn’t cry when we said goodbye to our family in San Diego to live in the Palestinian territories for a few years. I didn’t cry when I watched a boy my age, Muhammad al-Durrah, get shot and killed while hiding behind a barrel. I didn’t cry the night they cut off the electricity to all of Gaza City, and I, my mom, stepmom, dad and younger brothers hid in the dark corner of a cold kitchen floor as they carpet bombed our neighborhood. I didn’t cry when we had to leave baba behind and finally return to the United States in August 2001. I didn’t cry when war clung to our lives like a disease and followed us to America. I didn’t cry that September when 19 terrorist hijackers committed mass murder at the World Trade Center. I didn’t cry that week when the Islamic school I attended was vandalized and declared unsafe to study or pray in. And then after working alongside hundreds of people who volunteered their labor and love to elect a man of color president of the United States, I left the only two people I’d never been separated from, my mom and younger brother, to pursue my dreams of working in Washington. Just before the inauguration in January 2013, I stood gawking at my new workplace — that grand, glorious, mysterious structure on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, where Lincoln still walks at night. Ammar Campa-Najjar outside the White House. (Courtesy of Ammar Campa=Najjar) After not being considered Arab enough in Gaza, Latino enough for the barrio, or American enough in my own country, after so many shut doors, the door to all others finally opened. On that day, in those hallowed halls, I cried. The pain was given purpose: to live to tell you this story and to give others hope. The morning after the election, I went to work for President Obama in a building where President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team had already begun settling in. There was no time to process anything. I felt sad, scared, angry, confused and numb, all at the same time. I don’t know what’s going to happen next. All I can do is take things one day at a time and be ready to respond to what’s around the corner. We can take time to feel, but then we have to regroup and move forward as one nation. In 61 days, Obama will depart the White House and it will be up to all of us, ordinary citizens, to once again be the ones we’ve been waiting for. Let’s not seek comfort in the easy traps of either normalizing or demonizing the decision half of America has made. We must do what is hard, what is necessary and what is right. We must hold our families and communities close with a firm grip, but also extend an open hand to those who reject us. We must take a stand but also find a way to understand. America’s destiny has never been at the mercy of one person. It’s always been about all of us, placing our mortal hands on the arc of history and bending it slowly, sometimes too slowly, toward justice once again. So even in our darkest hours as a nation, don’t let anyone tell you our differences are too vast to bridge, or that your individual struggles are too hard to overcome. Chase the American Dream, have faith in the alchemy of America, turn your pain into purpose and begin writing your own ultimate comeback story. Ammar Campa-Najjar, the Hispanic-Arab American son of immigrants who was born in San Diego, works for the U.S. government in Washington. Read more Inspired Life: Deep in Trump country, this Clinton voter found renewed faith in her neighbors and America This election has divided the country. Getting Clinton and Trump voters talking is one way to heal. This professor devotes her life to countering dangerous speech. She can’t ignore Donald Trump’s. Want more inspiring news and help to improve your life? Sign up for the Saturday Inspired Life newsletter. local inspired-life true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 20+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 29 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ after cast’s message to Pence 2 Fake Donald Trump returns to SNL, and the real one is not happy 3 ‘I will fall on the sword & take your tickets’: Calls to #BoycottHamilton met with mockery 4 Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ after cast’s message to Pence 5 Carolyn Hax: Mom is unduly embarrassed about having babies 13 months apart local inspired-life Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
SUN, NOV 20, 2016 | -1 °C Overcast Full Text Archive Oshawa Generals WALK-IN CLINICS EVENTS - SUBMIT NOW NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Road construction map Wellness DIGITAL PRINT EDITIONS HOME DELIVERY INQUIRIES BECOME A CARRIER Local Ads uReport the news Our lists Crossword HOT TOPICS Our magazines Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Crime Education Elections Durham Ajax Clarington Oshawa Pickering Scugog Uxbridge Whitby Ontario Canada World uReport 6 hours ago St. Joseph Catholic School in Uxbridge receives $5,000 for a naturalization project UXBRIDGE -- The schoolyard at St. Joseph Catholic School in Uxbridge keeps... Latest News SEE MORE Scugog CAO Paul Allore to headline next Chamber of Commerce breakfast meeting Body found in burning van near home Parents protest slew of school closures Generals Baseball Basketball Golf Football High School Hockey Lacrosse Olympics Soccer Tennis uReport 13 minutes ago The Latest: Suarez's milestone victory drawing attention The Latest: CEO France defends NASCAR in annual address Latest Sports News SEE MORE Land Rover BAR wins America's Cup World Series title Kerr fined $25,000 by NBA for criticizing officiating After hat trick, no one better than Ronaldo at Madrid derby Books Celebrity Contests Food and Wine Events Movies Quizzes Wow uReport 4 hours ago Warren Beatty portrays Howard Hughes in new film Warren Beatty avoids the conventional in Howard Hughes film 'Rules Don't... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Kanye West axes gig after just 30 mins Cheryl: 'I don't care what people think about me' Scooter Braun pays touching tribute to late grandmother Blogs Cartoon Columnists Columns Editorial Letters Nov 18, 2016 Column: Louisville's ugly loss clears up playoff picture Column: Louisville's ugly loss clears up playoff picture Today's cartoon: Haven't saved a nickel VIEW MORE OPINION Small Business Week Crossword Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Parenting Pets and Animals Sudoku uReport Wellness 6 hours ago Get counted when it counts at Clarington library If you’ve been meaning to check out a program at the local library, or stop... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Whitby Chamber of Commerce accepting applications for role of CEO Mourning our pets: time moves on, but the memories don’t 5 tips when making the switch to winter tires Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals YourClassifieds.ca Steelhead Trout Fillet discount: 45% | value: $55.00 | You Save: $25.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Replacing a roof – an important home investment Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Listings Steelhead Trout Fillet discount: 45% | value: $55.00 | You Save: $25.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Orthotics from Happy Feet Oshawa can ease back and leg pain Home News Business Search for new Port Perry water source continues... | Nov 19, 2016  |  Vote 0    0 Search for new Port Perry water source continues in Scugog Durham carrying out coring program in effort to find water Well water coring Jason Liebregts / Metroland PORT PERRY -- Geologists Steve Holysh and Beata Golas, from the York Peel Durham Toronto Ground Water Water Management Program, log core samples as Durham Region drilled down 230 feet to check the soil where it is planning to drill a test well at Scugog Line 3. Nov. 14, 2016 Well Water Coring Jason Liebregts / Metroland PORT PERRY -- Geologists Steve Holysh and Beata Golas, from the York Peel Durham Toronto Ground Water Water Management Program, log core samples as Durham Region drilled down 230 feet to check the soil where it is planning to drill a test well at Scugog Line 3. Nov. 14, 2016 Well Water Coring Jason Liebregts / Metroland PORT PERRY -- Geologist Steve Holysh from the York Peel Durham Toronto Ground Water Water Management Program explained the mapping process as Durham Region was in the process of drilling down 230 feet to check the soil where it is planning to drill a test well at Scugog Line 3. Nov. 14, 2016 Well water coring Jason Liebregts / Metroland PORT PERRY -- Mac Kouyoumjian took a core sample as Durham Region was in the process of drilling down 230 feet to check the soil where it is planning to drill a test well at Scugog Line 3. Nov. 14, 2016 next play/pause pre Port Perry Star By Chris Hall SCUGOG -- Durham’s efforts to address the quantity and quality of municipal water for Port Perry is continuing this fall. The Region began the process of searching for additional water supply and storage for the urban Port Perry area in early 2010 and has now identified a recommended solution. The preferred option is to drill additional wells and build a new treatment facility near the existing municipal wells just south of Port Perry and also establish a new elevated water storage tank near the Port Perry Walmart plaza. Durham’s goal, say Regional officials, is to find additional water to support future growth planned for Port Perry and address the unsavory characteristics that can now be found in the current municipal water supply. That effort took another step forward last week when crews began coring a hole near the existing Port Perry municipal wells to obtain soil samples that will help determine a water source and provide detailed information for when a well is eventually drilled. The coring continued this week as crews bore deeper into the ground, pulling up high-quality continuous soil samples in three-inch tubes that provided Durham officials with glimpses of what lay beneath the surface -- tell-tale signs of glacial movements from thousands of years ago and hints as to where the water is located. The plan, according to Regional officials, was to core down to a depth of about 70 metres or 230-feet. “This will tell us what the geotechnical formation is, where the water is,” explained Rich Tindall, a project manager with Durham Region. “This will help us figure out where the water is.” When the Region is confident that water can be found, it’s expected that a test well will be drilled in December and pump tests will be carried out in early 2017. The plan is to add another well to the three existing wells located on the east side of Simcoe Street, north of Scugog Line 3. A new treatment building is also planned for that location. Under the Durham Region Official Plan, the number of residents in the urban Port Perry area is expected to increase to just under 12,000 people by 2031, requiring the need for additional water. “Capacity is not an issue right now, but it will be down the road,” said Tindall. Regional officials also hope that any new water source will address the aesthetic qualities of the current municipal water that runs through Port Perry, specifically the ubiquitous “rotten egg” smell from hydrogen sulfide and high iron levels. “The driver right now is the aesthetics. The water quality is fine, it’s just the aesthetics,” added Tindall. “We hope we have a promising water supply of good quality and quantity.” Through its class environmental assessment, the Region tossed around a variety of options to address Port Perry’s need for additional potable water but ultimately decided on adding to the three existing wells that currently service Scugog’s largest urban area. Options that were cast aside included doing nothing, limiting growth in the urban areas and introducing water conservation measures. Durham also considered drilling wells at a new site, creating a new Lake Scugog-based water treatment plant and sourcing water from existing wells in Blackstock, Greenbank and Uxbridge, as well as those in Whitby or Oshawa. If everything goes as planned, Durham officials hope to design the treatment building in 2018 and start construction in 2020. The preliminary cost for the design portion is $3 million and construction will be approximately $14.8 million, said Tindall. Once additional water supplies are found, Durham must also find a way to store it. The current standpipe storage tank located near Port Perry High School currently does not have enough capacity to sufficiently meet fire needs or the forecasted Port Perry population, say Regional officials. During the current review, the Region considered five options for storage, including adding an elevated tank near the existing standpipe, introducing an elevated tank near the Scugog Line 4 and Old Simcoe Road intersection or somewhere along Hwy. 7A, and building an inground storage tank near the existing wells. Durham ultimately decided on an elevated tank east of Taylor Boulevard, within the Port Perry employment lands area. The existing standpipe storage tank will remain in service. Design work on the new storage tank is expected to take place in 2017 and construction is expected to begin in 2019 and take two years. The Region plans on holding another public meeting next spring in Port Perry to update residents on the search for a new water source. And, while Durham carries out its groundwater exploration program south of Port Perry, work continues just north of town to expand the Nonquon Water Pollution Control Plant. The Region needed to expand the sewage treatment plant as well to meet the needs of the growing urban Port Perry area. “It’s winding up, (construction) will be done somewhere near the end of the year,” said Tindall. The treatment building and accompanying tanks are “pretty much done” while construction work continues on the administration building, he added. It’s expected the work will be completed on budget and time, depending on weather. “We know it’s Canada,” said Tindall. Once construction is completed, it will take time for new facility to become operational. “The whole treatment plant, functioning and running by itself as intended, will be early 2017,” said Tindall. For more information about the work, visit www.durham.ca. Chris Hall is a reporter covering Scugog Township for Metroland Media Group’s Durham Region Division. He can be reached at CHall@durhamregion.com . Follow DurhamRegion.com on Twitter and Facebook | (1) Comment By Jeff | NOVEMBER 19, 2016 10:34 AM If we find any, let’s keep Nestle away from it... 1   0 Report as Offensive ( Page 1 of 1 ) Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Most Read SEE MORE Motorcade carrying Major Scott Foote’s remains to travel through Northumberland, Durham on Sunday UPDATE: Power outage in area of Oshawa Centre is over Arrest made in thefts of poppy boxes in Ajax UPDATE: Kingston woman accused of assaulting dog arrested, dogs removed and being cared for by humane society Teen dies in hospital following shooting in North York: police In Your Neighbourhood Today Top 9 places to celebrate National Vegan Month Toronto's Menu Palace can answer the age-old question of where you should go for dinner. This... The right short term loan Not every loan is perfect, but the right one can set your credit in the right direction. While it... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... What to expect when you hire a tutor for your child Hiring a tutor for yourself or your child to improve academic performance is like many other things... Keeping the roof of your home in good shape The roof on your home protects your investment and Adorn Home Improvements in Whitby is a leading... Adults get guidance at Durham Continuing Education When an adult registers with Durham Continuing Education to hit the books again, the school’s... Help for broken windows and ripped screens If you have a broken pane of glass in a window or a torn screen, turn to the window experts in... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... How to help your child get better marks in school It’s possible to help your child improve their academic performance at school this year without... Hot food with a view at Vos’ Independent, Port Perry Customers of Vos’ Independent in Port Perry can take a break from cooking with the store’s... Gluten-free products baked daily at Vos’ Independent, Port Perry The bakery store ovens get turned on for another day’s work at 6 a.m. at the Vos’ Independent... 5 ways for business owners to understand the competition When it comes to running a successful business venture, there's more to it than keeping an eye on... Parent hack: Cure homesickness with a college care package Maybe you’re dreading it? Or perhaps you’re counting down the days? But for many of us, no matter... Going for gold: Check out the Ontario Sires Stakes Gold Super Final If you’re a fan of horseracing and you want to support local, Ontario sired horses, go to Mohawk... Choosing quality in window and door home upgrades Home renovations are an important investment and Adorn Home Improvements in Whitby can help ensure... When to replace your windows There are definite signs you’ll notice when it’s time to replace the windows on your home, and if... Big mistakes to avoid with your furnace this winter Every year it happens to someone: it’s the coldest day of winter and the furnace breaks down,... Why your pet bird is angry, biting and plucking its feathers Owning a pet bird can turn into a frustrating experience for those who don’t realize a bird needs... Responsible mobile phone usage tips for children When you give your children smartphones to help them stay connected with the rest of the family and... How to tell if you need a new furnace There are really only three ways people arrive at the conclusion they need a new furnace: the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 54% off Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal Sockeye Alaskan Salmon Fillets $50 View Deal 42% off Canadian Haddock $35 View Deal Up to 44% off Burritos or Salad Bowls and Drinks $13 View Deal 42% off Stir-Fry Argentinian Shrimp $35 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal Steelhead Trout Fillet $30 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Scugog CAO Paul Allore to headline next Chamber of Commerce breakfast meeting Toronto edges higher, New York markets fall Health-care firms hit by energy price slump Higher down payments should be considered: CMHC Higher down payments should be considered: CMHC DurhamRegion Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Consumer Shows Corporate Sales FAQs Join our Team Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Staff Directory Sitemap Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com InsideBelleville.com InsideBrockville.com InsideOttawaValley.com InsideToronto.com KingstonRegion.com Mississauga.com MyKawartha.com NorthumberlandNews.com OttawaCommunityNews.com Simcoe.com YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca HockeyNow.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
null
null
null
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, November 20, 2016, 11:54 a.m. Home / Sports / Off the wire By Compiled from Democrat-Gazette press services This article was published November 19, 2016 at 2:20 a.m. Comments aAFont Size GOLF Hughes leads by 2 Mackenzie Hughes had another bogey-free round Friday and took care of the par 5s on the Plantation Course at Sea Island for a 5-under 67, giving him a two-shot lead over C.T. Pan going into the weekend of the RSM Classic at St. Simons Island, Ga., the final PGA Tour event of the year. Hughes at was at 14-under 128. There wasn't much of a gallery at Sea Island on another pristine day for scoring, so ideal that the cut came at 5-under par. That probably won't change for the weekend, especially with tournament host Davis Love III and Sea Island neighbors Zach Johnson and Matt Kuchar among those missing the cut. It was the lowest cut on the PGA Tour since 5 under at the 2015 Zurich Classic. Twenty-five players were separated by just five shots with two more rounds to play. That group includes Jim Furyk and Stewart Cink. Four shots behind was Jonathan Byrd, a five-time PGA Tour winner who spent last year on the Web.com Tour and still doesn't have full status. He is playing this week on a sponsor's exemption. Bryce Molder (Conway) shot a 5-under 65 and is 10 under going into the weekend. He is tied for 7th. Tag Ridings (Arkansas Razorbacks) had a 67 and is 7 under. Ken Duke (Arkadelphia, Henderson State) did not make the cut. Ko out front by 3 Lydia Ko shot a tournament-record 10-under 62 on Friday to take a three-stroke lead in the CME Group Tour Championship at Naples, Fla., putting the top-ranked New Zealander in position to sweep the season points title and player of the year award. The 2014 winner at Tiburon Golf Club, Ko birdied four of the first six holes and had seven birdies and a bogey on the back nine to get to 12-under 132 in the LPGA Tour season finale. Ryann O'Toole (67) and So Yeon Ryu (68) were tied for second, and Sei Young Kim (68) and Beatriz Recari (68) followed at 8 under. The 62 matched Ko's lowest score of the season, shot in the second round of her Wal-Mart NW Arkansas victory in June. First-round leader Shanshan Feng followed her opening 66 with a 73 to drop into a tie for 16th at 5 under. Stacy Lewis (Arkansas Razorbacks) shot a 2-under 70 and is 3 under after two rounds. Gaby Lopez (Razorbacks) had a 3-under 69 and is 3 over going into the weekend. Pair share 1-stroke lead Sergio Garcia and Francesco Molinari share a one-stroke lead halfway through the World Tour Championship in Dubai after shooting 5-under-par 67s on Friday. They each made six birdies and a solitary bogey, and moved to 9-under 135 totals, one better than overnight leader Lee Westwood. Westwood carded a 70, dropping a shot on the final hole after hitting his second shot into the water. Fellow Englishman Tyrrell Hatton (66), Austria's Bernd Wiesberger (67), South African Charl Schwartzel (67) and Dutchman Joost Luiten (69) were tied for fourth at 7 under in the season-ending championship of the European Tour. Defending champion Rory McIlroy improved on his horror start of 75 with a 68. BASEBALL Cashner to Rangers Right-hander Andrew Cashner is going home for a spot in the Texas Rangers' rotation. A person familiar with the decision told The Associated Press on Friday that the free agent pitcher and the team had reached an agreement on a $10 million, one-year deal. That person spoke on condition of anonymity because the deal was pending a physical and wasn't finalized, and the AL West champions had not made an official announcement. Cashner, 30, a Texas native who was a first-round draft pick out of TCU in 2008, finished last season with the Miami Marlins after the San Diego Padres traded him July 29. He was 5-11 with a 5.25 ERA in 28 games last season. Cashner has a 31-53 record with a 3.89 ERA in 202 career games. Are Marlins for sale? A Boston-based investment firm headed by former presidential candidate Mitt Romney and his oldest son, Tagg, looked into buying the Miami Marlins, South Florida's major league baseball franchise, in recent weeks, according to a report in the Boston Globe. A potential deal involving Boston-based Solamere Capital appears to have fallen through, according to the report. Jeffrey Loria has owned the Marlins since 2002. The Marlins declined to comment on the report. Matt Waldrip, who works in business development and external affairs at Solamere, told the Globe that Mitt Romney himself was not heavily involved in the talks. "Mitt Romney is associated with the firm but he's not leading the charge on this by any stretch of the imagination," Waldrip said. "We (had) been looking at the Marlins on behalf of some of the families that are a part of Solamere." TENNIS Murray advances Andy Murray retained his No. 1 ranking for at least another day. The Wimbledon champion qualified for the semifinals of the ATP finals on Friday in London by beating Stan Wawrinka 6-4, 6-2. Murray, who needs to do better than Novak Djokovic this weekend to finish the season as the top-ranked player, broke Wawrinka late in the first set and twice at the start of the second. Murray took over the No. 1 ranking at the Paris Masters this month, but Djokovic can take it back if the second-ranked Serb does better at the season-ending tournament. Djokovic has already qualified for the semifinals. Murray will next face Milos Raonic today, while Djokovic meets Kei Nishikori. In Friday's late match, Marin Cilic beat Nishikori 3-6, 6-2, 6-3 after the semifinal spots had already been decided. BASKETBALL Sterling drops lawsuit Former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has dropped a lawsuit that claimed the NBA, his wife and others conspired to illegally sell the team for $2 billion. Sterling's lawyer, Bobby Samini, said he filed a request Friday to have the federal appeals case dismissed and that a settlement was reached. He would not reveal details but said Sterling is "very happy with the outcome." However, the lawyer for his wife, Shelly Sterling, calls it a capitulation. Messages seeking NBA comment weren't immediately returned. Sterling was banned from the NBA for life in 2014 after it was revealed he'd made racist remarks to a friend. His antitrust suit was filed in 2014 after his wife agreed to sell the Clippers to ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. A judge dismissed the suit in March. SOCCER Soccer Federation, women’s team in contract talks Talks are ongoing between players for the World Cup-winning U.S. women’s national team and the U.S. Soccer Federation in advance of the Dec. 31 expiration of their current contract. The team played its final two matches of the season last week in California. On Sunday, the CBS news show 60 Minutes is set to air an interview with a group of players. The team has been playing under a memorandum of understanding between the U.S. Women’s National Soccer Team Players Association and the USSF that was struck in March 2013 and runs through the end of this year. Earlier this year, a group of players filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission alleging wage discrimination. They claimed that they are not paid the same as their counterparts on the men’s national team. Defender Becky Sauerbrunn told The Associated Press this week that the two sides met a couple of weeks ago and more talks are scheduled for this month and December. “We’re still fighting very hard for equal pay,” she said. “We’re not going to move on that. We’re always encouraged because we know that’s what we’re fighting for and we feel like we’re in the right to fight for something like that. Really, it’s convincing U.S. Soccer that we deserve that.” U.S. Soccer reiterated Friday that it is working to reach a new collective bargaining agreement with the women’s national team. Much of the disparity in wages between the men’s and women’s teams stem from the different ways the players are paid. The women earn salaries while the men are paid based on national team appearances, results and other factors. The pay structure was set up under separate collective bargaining agreements negotiated by unions for the men’s and women’s teams. There has been no decision in the EEOC complaint, which was brought by Sauerbrunn, Hope Solo, Alex Morgan, Megan Rapinoe and Carli Lloyd. All five were on the team that won the World Cup last year in Canada. The U.S. women’s team is coming off a disappointing showing at the Olympics this summer in Brazil, where they were ousted by Sweden in the quarterfinals. The U.S. had won three consecutive gold medals going into the Rio Games. Sports on 11/19/2016 Print Headline: Off the wire Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Sports Concussion stops Kuechly again NFL notes State sports briefs Earnhardt: Returning to race in February Off the wire Kids ask the darndest questions Football: Rematches set for semifinals in 7A Greenwood shuts down El Dorado Watson Chapel holds off Alma, 42-35 More Sports stories > Comments on: Off the wire To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented State GOP electors: Changing Trump vote out of the question (6 comments) Super in Starkville (5 comments) Pence due play cast apology, Trump says (7 comments) Letters (2 comments) Rawleigh Williams' career night keys Hogs' win at Mississippi State (2 comments) Trump, Romney talk about world (1 comment) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 20, 2016 12:54 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Canonsburg shooter cited combat trauma in mental health evaluation November 19, 2016 12:06 AM Darrell Sapp/Post-Gazette Investigation continues on Nov. 10 at the scene where two officers were ambushed as they responded to a domestic dispute. Michael Cwiklinski By Jonathan D. Silver / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette More than a week after authorities say Michael Cwiklinski gunned down his wife and two Canonsburg police officers before fatally shooting himself, investigators Friday still had not determined what spurred the former Army sharpshooter to deadly violence. But a glimpse into the 47-year-old machine shop technician’s frame of mind can be found in a four-page mental health evaluation that was part of a plea deal between his lawyer and the Washington County District Attorney’s office in a domestic violence case involving his wife. In the January evaluation, Mr. Cwiklinski, a self-described workaholic, disclosed that he had been in military combat and endured life-threatening experiences while in the Army. But besides a determination that “military combat was Mr. Cwiklinski’s trauma” and mentions of “periodic anger problems” and a separation from his wife, Dalia Sabae, nothing in the report indicated that he might be teetering on the edge of murder. Instead it stated that he had enjoyed a stable childhood and did not suffer from any depression, anxiety attacks, psychiatric problems or hospitalizations. The only medication he took was for blood pressure. “Suicidal ideas or intentions are denied,” Steven Adams, a licensed professional counselor, wrote in the report, which the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette went to court to obtain. “Homicidal ideas or intentions are denied.” Both determinations proved off the mark. On Nov. 10, Canonsburg police officers Scott Bashioum and James Saieva responded to a duplex on Woodcrest Drive for a domestic violence call. Investigators said Mr. Cwiklinski — who earned a sharpshooter marksmanship badge in the Army — shot and killed Officer Bashioum, 52, and wounded Officer Saieva. After a lengthy standoff, police found Mr. Cwiklinski dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound; they also found the body of Ms. Sabae, 28, and determined that he had killed her. At the time of her death, Ms. Sabae had a restraining order against her husband of less than two years. David Bayard Wolf, the attorney who represented Mr. Cwiklinski in the domestic violence case, said the Canonsburg native met his future wife, a native of Egypt, online and later in person while traveling in Russia. “Just as a disinterested observer, it was an odd coupling,” Mr. Wolf said this week. “She was a wonderful person. The whole situation is just very sad.” Six months after their wedding — presided over by District Judge Jay Weller, who would later oversee the plea deal in the couple’s domestic violence case — Ms. Sabae filed for a protection-from-abuse order, alleging that he struck her in the face with a bag full of cans at a Wal-Mart when she asked if she could help him, didn’t allow her to have friends, and “used sex as a way to threaten me about my green card.” Mr. Cwiklinski told his evaluator a different story, that he had “turned around with a bag in my hand, and I hit her, and she thought I was hitting her on purpose,” Mr. Adams said. “He was playing it as if it was a misunderstanding, and he seemed sincere. I didn’t know him well enough to know that he was sincere or not.” Earlier this year, prosecutors agreed to withdraw a simple assault charge and allow Mr. Cwiklinski to plead guilty to summary harassment. He had to attend 16 anger management sessions, which he completed, and undergo a mental health evaluation. Mr. Adams said he might have spent two sessions speaking with Mr. Cwiklinski before writing his report. He said he did nothing to verify any of the information Mr. Cwiklinski provided, assuming that if the court found any discrepancies he would be notified. “He just called up one day and said he needed an evaluation,” Mr. Adams recalled, adding that he never anticipated that Mr. Cwiklinski would end up as a killer. “I was surprised. I never would have seen that outcome coming,” Mr. Adams said. “I never would have expected the level of craziness.” Mr. Cwiklinski told Mr. Adams that he was the youngest of three children and came from an intact family. The counselor noted, “Childhood was emotionally and economically supportive and maritally intact.” Mr. Cwiklinski described himself as a community college dropout and self-taught machinist who worked at the same place for 28 years. Representatives for Tygard Machine & Manufacturing Co., where Mr. Cwiklinski was employed until recently, could not be reached for comment. His evaluation indicated that anger occasionally bubbled over, even in the workplace. “Mr. Cwiklinski has exhibited periodic anger problems. His anger manifests itself in aggressive but non-violent ways. He uses harsh and angry words. Angry verbal outbursts have been reported,” Mr. Adams wrote. “Loss of control of Mr. Cwilinski’s anger is an occasional occurrence. His anger passes quickly, in minutes. Marital difficulties have been caused by his anger. His anger has interfered with his occupational functioning on one occasion.” Mr. Adams’ report notes that Mr. Cwiklinski said he had been in combat, saw mutilated bodies and saw people “dying or being killed.” But there are no details about the combat experience. Records show that Mr. Cwiklinski was in the Army and the Army Reserve from December 1986 to October 1994, including during the Persian Gulf War. He was a heavy-wheel vehicle mechanic who received decorations consistent with having served during a period of combat while Operation Desert Storm was underway. But the only information in the public record shows only a 17-month deployment to South Korea just before his discharge. Mr. Cwiklinski joined the Army as specialist but left as a private, a lower grade. His evaluation indicates he received a general discharge, and information released by the Army related to his departure was redacted. Ms. Sabae indicated in her applications for restraining orders that she did not think her husband had weapons, although as far back as 1994 court records show he carried a Sig Sauer 9 mm pistol. Other than saying that Officer Saieva was shot with a rifle, police have not disclosed what type of gun was used last week, to whom it belonged, how Mr. Cwiklinski got it or whether he had it at the time his wife sought protection. Although cooperative, calm and friendly in person at his evaluation sessions, Mr. Cwilinski “had a way of explaining things away,” Mr. Adams said. “He came to a couple of sessions,” Mr. Adams said, “and when I started to push a little bit, he stopped coming.” Jonathan D. Silver: jsilver@post-gazette.com, 412-263-1962 or on Twitter @jsilverpg. Liz Navratil contributed. Related Media: Slain Canonsburg woman Dalia Sabae remembered for kindness, professionalism Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 60° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 60° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Shoppers, stores prepare for Black Friday By Kathryn Cargo Nov. 18, 2016 at 10:21 p.m. Updated Nov. 19, 2016 at 6 a.m. • Academy Sports and Outdoors: 5 a.m. Friday • Bath and Body Works: 6 p.m. Thursday • Bealls: noon Thursday • Best Buy: 5 p.m. Thursday • Aeropostale: 6 p.m. Thursday • American Eagle: 6 p.m. Thursday • Bed, Bath and Beyond: 6 a.m. Friday • Big Lots: 6 a.m. Friday • Burkes Outlet: 7 a.m. Friday • Cavender's Boot City: 7 a.m. Friday • Buckle: 6 p.m. Thursday • Charlotte Russe: 10 a.m. Wednesday • Champs: 6 p.m Thursday • The Children's Place: 6 p.m. Thursday • The Children's Heaven: 6 p.m. Thursday • Claire's: 9 a.m. Wednesday • Dillard's: 8 a.m. Friday • Finish Line: 6 p.m. Thursday • Foot Locker: 6 p.m. Thursday • Francesca's: 8 a.m. Friday • GameStop: 5 a.m. Friday both locations • Gordon's Jewelers: 8 a.m. Friday • Harbor Freight: 8 a.m. Friday • H-E-B plus: 6 a.m. Friday • Hibbett Sporting Goods: 6 p.m. Thursday • Home Depot: 6 a.m. Friday • JCPenney: 3 p.m. Thursday • Justice: 8 p.m. Thursday • Kirkland's: 8 p.m. Thursday • Kohl's: 6 p.m. Thursday • Lowe's: 5 a.m. Friday • Maurices: 8 a.m. Friday • Melrose Family Fashions: 6 p.m. Thursday • Office Depot: 6 a.m Friday, both locations • Payless ShoeSource: 6 p.m. Thursday at Victoria Mall; 9:30 a.m. Friday on Rio Grande Street • PetSmart: 7 a.m. Friday • Perfumania: 6 p.m. Thursday • Pier 1 Imports: 8 a.m. Friday • RadioShack: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Friday • rue21, etc.: 6 p.m. Thursday • Sam's Club: 7 a.m. Friday • Sears: 6 p.m. Thursday • The Shoe Dept. Encore: 7 p.m. Thursday • Shop The World: 8 a.m. Friday • Spencer's: 6 p.m. Thursday • Target: 6 p.m. Thursday • Things Remembered: 8 a.m. Friday • Tractor Supply Company: 6 a.m. Friday • Trudy's Hallmark: 8 a.m. Friday • Victoria's Secret: 7 p.m. Thursday • Wal-Mart: 6 p.m. Thursday Safety tips • Park near a secondary entrance instead of near the store entrance. This will put the customer in a position to deal with less traffic, have better choice of spaces and lower risk of collision. • Customers should be aware of their surroundings while parking and look out for small cars, children and pedestrians. • Avoid parking parking between two cars, which can make it hard to see when backing out. • Vehicles should be parked in well lit areas, and drivers should have their keys ready when approaching their vehicle. • All purchases and valuables should be stored in the trunk. Source: AAA Texas Shopping tips Advertisers often use the terms such as "sales" and "lowest price." Sales should be a limited time and have a significant reduction in the retailer's price on an item. Lowest price fluctuates and is hard for customers to compare, so make sure the retailer has evidence their price is the lowest. Be aware and understand asterisks and fine print on advertisements. Customers should make sure to take advertisements with them about the items they want to buy. Planning a budget helps customers track what they need and how much they want to spend. Be aware of the return policy for items purchased. Customers should also be cautious of the store credit card offers, which can often have high interest rates or expensive annual fees. Source: Better Business Bureau Black Friday is more than just a shopping spree for Krystal Hancock and her family. It's a long-standing family tradition. Hancock, along with her immediate and extended family, have been taking on Black Friday adventures for more than 20 years, she said. About 20 to 25 of four generations of women in the family, including Hancock's children and her grandmother, wear matching T-shirts as they search for all their Christmas gifts. The women gather after their Thanksgiving meals and make a game plan based on what they want, the advertisements for products and what times stores open, Hancock said. Black Friday gives her a chance to spend time with extended family she doesn't see often, she said. "When I moved out of state, that's something I could look forward to - Black Friday shopping," the 31-year-old Victoria native said. "As a big family, you have different Thanksgivings you have to go to. When we get together for Black Friday shopping, it is everyone. It consists of laughing, joking and telling stories. If you hadn't seen someone for a year or two, it is a way of catching up." To succeed during Black Friday shopping, research is essential, said Mary Hancock, Krystal Hancock's mother. While shopping, the family will have relatives stand in line with carts while others go out and find sale items, Mary Hancock said. Matching T-shirts makes the process easier, she said. "We're able to find our family members really fast," she said. "If we're looking for the basket with the teenagers, we're able to spot them in a crowd." Mary Hancock doesn't know yet what items she will hunt down, but she landed great deals last year, she said. She bought $100 worth of items from JCPenney for almost nothing with a $100 discount coupon. "Be patient and don't forget to have fun," she said. Because stores have started opening on Thanksgiving Day for Black Friday sales, the family heads out to Wal-Mart first on Thursday and then hits the mall. After shopping at the mall, some family members go home to sleep while others shop through the night, Krystal Hancock said. Wal-Mart opens at 6 p.m. Thursday as well as many stores in the Victoria Mall. Managers at Kohl's in Victoria are preparing for Black Friday sales by making sure the store is overstaffed for Thanksgiving and Black Friday and organizing extra merchandise, said Troyleen Roberson, Koh's administrator. On a regular day, Koh's will staff about 70 employees, but on Thanksgiving and Black Friday about 130 employees will work. Black Friday shopping benefits customers because they are often able to purchase items for less than 50 percent of the original cost, Roberson said. Kohl's opens 6 p.m. Thursday for the third year in a row. Previously the store would open early in the morning on Black Friday. The extended hours into Thanksgiving help employees manage the large sale crowds and makes it easier on customers, she said. "Before, we basically had to have security because managing the crowds were so bad," she said. "Now, we still have lines but it gives a bigger window of opportunity to shop, and it's not all at once." During the 10 years Roberson has worked at Kohl's, she noticed that many families make Black Friday shopping an extension of their Thanksgiving holiday. "We have a lot of ladies that come in all times of the night in teams, and they just love shopping together," Roberson said. "It seems like a great experience." The most popular items at Kohl's during Black Friday sales are small electric appliances and gaming systems, Roberson said. Many people will buy online for Black Friday sales and pick up their items at their chosen Koohkl's location, Roberson said. Customers can start buying items online Monday and pick them up when the store opens for sales. Jade and Madalynn Bridal Boutique will have a Black Friday sale for the first time since it has been open for nine years, said manager Erika Olguin. From 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday all gowns in the store will be 40 percent off, and Black Friday hours will be 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. "It'll be fun to have one; it will be a new experience," she said. "Everyone is going to be shopping and looking for deals, so this will help get the name out more." RELATED Best bridal wear: All About the Dress Number of weddings drops sharply in 2015 Victoria Professional Express Network hosts fashion show Best bridal/formal wear: All About the Dress Thank you for creating dream wedding -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 16  Port Lavaca man auditioning for 'America's Got Talent' 12  Medical examiner: Methadone caused jailed teen's death 12  Woman asks that people pray for America, president 06  Jury acquits teen of assault 05  Truck hits pole as driver texts while driving Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer breaks down the retailers for Black Friday — one winner proves the mall isn’t dead Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 6:52 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer breaks down the retailers for Black Friday: One winner that proves the mall isn&rsquo;t dead</p> <p>Jim Cramer goes down his playbook of retailers hanging on by a thread, and discovered one winner of the mall.</p> Cramer breaks down the retailers for Black Friday: One winner that proves the mall isn’t dead    Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 6:25 PM ET | 08:34 Retail has been all over the map lately, and Jim Cramer found it almost unbelievable. "We have too many retailers. Some are hanging on by a thread. Some simply aren't needed. Some seem atavistic and antediluvian and they are just waiting to be destroyed by Amazon. Then we have other retailers that could be saved by the, well, Trump," the "Mad Money" host said. With the drastic difference in retail options ahead of Black Friday, Cramer reviewed the trends and how the market has reacted to them. Shares of Macy's, Kohl's and Nordstrom have all done well since the election. Cramer speculated this is due to anticipated tax cuts that the Republicans will create, which will mean more cash for shoppers. Oli Scarff | Getty Images Cramer was also impressed by J.C. Penney, whose stock rose despite the fact that it reported mediocre numbers and slashed guidance. This was a reflection of the optimism in the stock market. Home Depot pulled ahead of Lowe's, and Cramer was "aghast" at how much stronger Home Depot has performed on all levels, especially the big ticket appliances. He believes Home Depot has a better idea of what customers want right now. Cramer picked Target over Wal-Mart, as well. Target put up stellar numbers and indicated a robust back-to-school and upcoming holiday season. Next week, Dollar Tree will report and Cramer will compare the numbers versus Wal-Mart, TJX and Ross Stores, where he thinks the growth was tremendous. Ross Stores confirmed Cramer's thesis that discount stores would have full priced merchandise because of the disarray from broad line retailers like Macy's. Sporting goods were a mixed bag, as Foot Locker seemed to benefit from the sneaker war going on. Dick's Sporting Goods also reported good numbers, thanks to Sports Authority closing. One pleasant surprise for Cramer was Best Buy, which was supposed to be hurt by Amazon by now. "This stock is back to its just won't quit days, although it did have a refreshing pullback today," Cramer said. The retailers in the mall were truly sad, with only one shining star. The biggest losers were Gap Stores and Abercrombie. Williams Sonoma saw a surprising 4.5 percent decline at its Pottery Barn brand. The one place that could have a comeback in sight is L Brands, as Amazon couldn't replicate Bath & Body Works and Pink has been strong. The problem was Victoria's Secret, Cramer said. He thinks management is addressing the issues. The new winner of the mall was Children's Place, which reported an amazing quarter. The stock rallied in response. "Children's Place … has cracked the code and is winning both online and off. It's pure execution: the right styles and the right sizes. The Childrens Place is the NVIDIA of retail and a reminder that not only is the mall not dead, but you can make a ton of money in it if you have the right stuff," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- PLCE --- TJX --- LB --- BBY --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s iPhone call logging is a feature, not a security scare Chris Smith BGR NewsNovember 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share A Russian company that makes iPhone-hacking software said earlier this week that Apple quietly collects iPhone call data in iCloud, including both cellular voice calls and FaceTime calls. But it turns out that’s a feature built into iOS and macOS for the user’s “convenience.” So there’s no point freaking out about it. That said, Apple could certainly have done a better job informing the user what happens with call data. DON’T MISS: All the best pre-Black Friday deals you can buy right now at Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon If you’ve got iCloud enabled on your Apple devices, and most people do, then Apple will record data from all your calls, whether it’s a regular phone call or VoIP-based calls including FaceTime, Skype, WhatsApp, Viber and others. Everything gets synced to the cloud, complete with phone numbers, call dates and times, and call duration. The reasoning here is pretty simple. Apple wants you to be able to access those calls and return missed calls from any of your devices. This is possible through Apple’s Continuity feature. The actual contents of a call aren’t saved in iCloud. After all, Apple doesn’t listen in on your conversations. However, the worry with some people is that the data stored in iCloud can be decrypted by Apple, and can be shared with law enforcement if a warrant requires Apple to do so. Hackers might also access call history, and Elcomsoft updated its Phone Breaker software to extract call records from iCloud using only an authentication token for an account from a computer belonging to the account holder. To make those call records disappear, you have to delete them from a device. Otherwise, they’ll remain in iCloud for up to four months. FaceTime call invitations can be stored for up to 30 days. “We offer call history syncing as a convenience to our customers so that they can return calls from any of their devices,” an Apple spokesperson said about the matter. “Device data is encrypted with a user’s passcode, and access to iCloud data including backups requires the user’s Apple ID and password. Apple recommends all customers select strong passwords and use two-factor authentication.” MacRumors notes that while Apple may not explain exactly what happens in the background, it does state that it collects call history for iCloud backups in a 63-page white paper about iOS security. Trending right now: Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time Best Buy is offering a solid Black Friday deal on the new Google Home See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz People are wildly misinterpreting a “heartwarming” video of a polar bear playing with a dog Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Apple Reportedly Throttling Verizon iPhone 7 (Update: Confirmed) Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech The Truth Behind the Google Pixel Account Ban Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Weather USA Today Obituaries Photos/Video Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 757 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Port St. Lucie father wants justice for son fatally shot by police Samson Fleurant, 25, accused of charging officers while armed with a machete at his home Post to Facebook Port St. Lucie father wants justice for son fatally shot by police Samson Fleurant, 25, accused of charging officers while armed with a machete at his home  Check out this story on tcpalm.com: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/local/st-lucie-county/2016/11/18/port-st-lucie-father-wants-justice-son-fatally-shot-police/94102616/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 13 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Port St. Lucie father wants justice for son fatally shot by police Laurie K. Blandford and Nicholas Samuel , Treasure Coast 10:48 p.m. EST November 18, 2016 FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Fatal police-involved shooting in Port St. Lucie  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Family members console each other near the scene where 25-year-old Samson Fleurant, accused of approaching police with a machete, was fatally shot at his residence by a Port St. Lucie police officer Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, after a domestic disturbance call to the home on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen Port St. Lucie Police Chief John Bolduc (center) speaks to news media about the fatal police-involved shooting Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, at a home on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie. Bolduc said the incident is being investigated by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen Ylovy Fleurant, father of Samson Fleurant, talks to news media about his son Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. Samson Fleurant was fatally shot as Port St. Lucie police were responding to domestic disturbance call on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen Family members console each other near the scene where 25-year-old Samson Fleurant, accused of approaching police with a machete, was fatally shot at his residence by a Port St. Lucie police officer Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, after a domestic disturbance call to the home on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie.   XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen Family members console each other near the scene where 25-year-old Samson Fleurant, accused of approaching police with a machete, was fatally shot at his residence by a Port St. Lucie police officer Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, after a domestic disturbance call to the home on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie.   XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen The scene of a fatal police-involved shooting on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie is seen Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, where Samson Fleurant was fatally shot by a Port St. Lucie police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call, according to authorities.  XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 17 2 of 17 3 of 17 4 of 17 5 of 17 6 of 17 7 of 17 8 of 17 9 of 17 10 of 17 11 of 17 12 of 17 13 of 17 14 of 17 15 of 17 16 of 17 17 of 17 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Ylovy Fleurant, father of Samson Fleurant, talks to news media about his son Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. Samson Fleurant was fatally shot as Port St. Lucie police were responding to domestic disturbance call on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie. (Photo: XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) 757 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE PORT ST. LUCIE — When Ylovy Fleurant moved his family to the U.S., he said, he wanted to get them away from killings in Haiti. “I came here for a better life,” Ylovy Fleurant said. “I didn’t bring my son here to get killed.” Ylovy Fleurant said he was in shock Friday night as he stood beyond the yellow crime scene tape surrounding his Port St. Lucie home after his 25-year-old son, Samson Fleurant, was fatally shot that afternoon by a police officer. While Ylovy Fleurant was at work, a family member at his home in the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue called 911 about 2:15 p.m. to report a person, later identified as his son, was cutting up the house with a knife, Police Chief John Bolduc said. Officers arrived and found Samson Fleurant armed with a machete, Bolduc said. He then charged at the officers. Officer Kenneth Frid tried to stop Samson Fleurant with a Taser, Bolduc said, but it didn’t work. When Samson Fleurant continued with the machete toward them, Bolduc said, K-9 Officer Colin Duncombe shot him. Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Port St. Lucie Police Chief John Bolduc talks about the officer-involved shooting in Port St. Lucie on Friday. NICHOLAS SAMUEL/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Josue Maury, who lives nearby, said he drove by the house and saw officers around a man who appeared to be unarmed lying motionless on the grass in front of the home. Maury said officers told him to keep driving. Samson Fleurant was taken to Lawnwood Regional Medical Center & Heart Institute in Fort Pierce, where he died. It's unknown how many times Samson Fleurant was shot or whether drugs were a factor in the incident, Bolduc said. Florida Department of Law Enforcement officials were taking over the investigation, which is typical for officer-involved shootings. Ylovy Fleurant said what officials have told him of the incident doesn’t sound like his son. He said he had a nice son who never gave him trouble in 25 years. “My son is not a bad guy,” Ylovy Fleurant said. “He’s a cool guy.” When Samson Fleurant wasn’t working 12- to 13-hour shifts at Wal-Mart to pay for college or going to church on Sundays, he would watch TV at home, said his father. Family members console each other near the scene where 25-year-old Samson Fleurant, accused of approaching police with a machete, was fatally shot at his residence by a Port St. Lucie police officer Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, after a domestic disturbance call to the home on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie.  (Photo: XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) Ylovy Fleurant said he didn’t know what happened inside his home Friday afternoon because he was working at the time. He came home after work to find police officers had blocked off a large area surrounding his home and learned somebody had been shot. He said he became emotional when he found out it was his son. He said his wife wasn’t home either because she also was at work. When she got to the house and learned about her son, she sobbed in front of their home. It’s unknown who inside the house called 911, but Ylovy Fleurant said his three daughters were home with his son at the time of the disturbance. He said the 3- to 4-foot machete was used only to cut meat and never as a weapon. Samson Fleurant had no criminal history in Florida, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. A check of court records in Martin, St. Lucie and Indian River counties also show he has no traffic infractions or civil actions filed against him. Ylovy Fleurant said he’s lived in the area for 25 years — two years in the Port St. Lucie home and Fort Pierce before that. He said he’s a pastor at the Fort Pierce Wesleyan Church. Even though he became a U.S. citizen in 2006, he said, he regrets that now. Ylovy Fleurant said he doesn’t understand how someone without a gun could be shot, and he doesn’t think the shooting was justified. Not only are law enforcement officials biased against black people, he said, they need more training. Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share A witness talks about the officer-involved shooting in the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie on Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. NICHOLAS SAMUEL/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS Duncombe, who shot Samson Fleurant, is a 47-year-old black officer who has been with the Police Department for 18 years, said police spokesman Master Sgt. Frank Sabol. Frid, who used the Taser, is a 47-year-old white officer with 11 years of service. Sgt. Tara Pavlyshin, a 44-year-old white officer with 15 years of service, was the supervisor on scene, Sabol said. Lt. Leo Niemczyk, a 47-year-old white officer with 14 years of service, was the district commander on scene. All four officers had been placed on paid administrative leave while the investigation is ongoing, Bolduc said. If the officers were lying about what Samson Fleurant son did, said his father, God will judge them in the end. “God is a powerful God; he will deal with it,” Ylovy Fleurant said. “My son will have justice.” Reporter Melissa E. Holsman contributed to this report. Port St. Lucie Police Chief John Bolduc (center) speaks to news media about the fatal police-involved shooting Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, at a home on the 600 block of Southwest Colleen Avenue in Port St. Lucie. Bolduc said the incident is being investigated by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.  (Photo: XAVIER MASCAREÑAS/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) TCPALM Man dies after police-involved shooting in Port St. Lucie 757 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.tcpalm.com/story/news/local/st-lucie-county/2016/11/18/port-st-lucie-father-wants-justice-son-fatally-shot-police/94102616/ More Stories Fatal police-involved shooting in Port St. Lucie Nov. 18, 2016, 10:20 p.m. Red, White and Blue Concert at St. Lucie West Centennial High School Nov. 18, 2016, 9:03 p.m. Man dies after police-involved shooting in Port St. Lucie | Video Nov. 18, 2016, 8:08 p.m. Shrinking Shores: How Florida leaders are failing the state’s famous beaches Nov. 18, 2016, 12:32 p.m.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Daryl may have quietly made ‘The Walking Dead’ great again Chris Smith BGR NewsNovember 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Following last week’s The Walking Dead, I was surprised, again, at how silly stupid Rick and Co. can be sometimes. The Alexandria gang seemed utterly unprepared to deal with Negan’s arrival, even though they all knew he was coming to collect his protection tax. That said, there was a moment in the episode almost everyone missed that might make Daryl great again. And with him, the entire season. Beware, spoilers follow below. DON’T MISS: All the best pre-Black Friday deals you can buy right now at Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon There’s one scene in episode four where Daryl blinks strangely, and the camera focuses on him. The easiest interpretation for his blinking (see GIF below) is that he’s readjusting to the sunlight, considering that he spends most of the time in darkness. daryl-morse-codeMore But, as Business Insider explains, Daryl might be communicating in Morse code with Rick. He might be telling him either “I East,” or “HT” for Hilltop. Aside from that blinking sequence, Daryl chooses not to speak, or he’s not allowed to. Negan explicitly forbids Rick from talking to Daryl. But a tracker and hunter like Daryl might be able to find a way to communicate without Negan realizing. That “I East” indication would be enough for Rick & Co to know where to look for Negan’s base, since the location of the Saviors’ hometown isn’t known yet. The fact that Daryl would want to communicate with Rick in such a manner could show that he has not been broken. He may be riddled with guilt after causing Glenn’s death, not to mention he now believes that Maggie may have died as well. But he did not give in. We also know he’s not willing to say his name is Negan now, as he refuses to take Dwight up on his offer at the end of the episode — just a word (Negan) is needed for Daryl to get his bike back. A Daryl who wants to fight back and who wants to keep in contact with Rick is a dangerous Daryl. At least for Negan and his men. Is this all wishful thinking? It might very well be. But then why is there a scene in the same episode that shows a Morse code alphabet hanging on a wall in Rick and Michonne’s home? Surely, Rick and the gang may have figured out that such a means of communication might come in handy in dangerous situations such as the Negan crisis. We’ll have to wait for the next episodes of The Walking Dead to see whether Daryl was indeed talking to Rick. Trending right now: Amazon is actually going to sell cars online Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech People are wildly misinterpreting a “heartwarming” video of a polar bear playing with a dog Quartz New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Apple Reportedly Throttling Verizon iPhone 7 (Update: Confirmed) Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Streaming Media/Deals/Gallery Streaming Media Roku’s Black Friday deals revealed By Todd Haselton | November 18, 2016 Share If you don’t own a Roku, there’s no better time to get in on the streaming product everyone loves. Roku recently sent us an email with all of its Black Friday deals ahead of time, and where you’ll be able to find each product. There may be more from additional retailers in the future, so we’ll let you know if those pop up, but here’s a taste of what to expect. Beginning on November 20, Best Buy will sell the Roku Streaming Stick for $35.99, down from the standard price of $49.99.  Best Buy will also sell the Roku 3 for $49.99, down from $99.99. Beginning on November 24, Walmart will sell the Roku Express+ for $25, down from the standard price of $39.99. This is probably the best option for folks who want to try Roku but aren’t yet sure if they want to cut the cord, since it’s the most affordable option. On November 21, Kohl’s will sell the Roku 2 for $44.99, down from the standard $59.99 price the retailer usually sells it for. Some of these aren’t the newest Roku players Keep in mind that Roku recently refreshed its portfolio with new 4K-ready products. The Roku Express+ is the newest and cheapest out of all of the products on sale for Black Friday, but the discounts on products like the Roku 3, a great product, are worth the fact that you’re buying a generation-old product. If you want the newest, look for the company’s new Premiere-branded products. Topics #Roku #Black Friday 2016 #Roku Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Black Friday 2016 Deals And Ads: Sam’s Club’s Samsung Pre-Black Friday Nov. 19 Sale Starts Tonight — How Does It Compare To Walmart And Amazon Sales? Shopping 6 0 0 November 18, 2016 Black Friday 2016 Deals And Ads: Sam’s Club’s Samsung Pre-Black Friday Nov. 19 Sale Starts Tonight — How Does It Compare To Walmart And Amazon Sales? Phillip Dengler Black Friday 2016 is exactly a week away from today, and numerous national retailers are holding early pre-Black Friday sales. Amazon and Walmart are probably the two most popular stores who are treating their customers to early savings, but Sam’s Club has also been one of the more active retailers. Last week, they held their annual one-day sale on November 12, which featured Black Friday prices on a variety of electronics and home items. While Sam’s Club’s official general pre-Black Friday event does not begin until Sunday, they are actually kicking things off early with a selection of electronics deals from premium manufacturer Samsung. The sale begins online at 12:01 a.m. tonight, and traditional brick-and-mortar locations will open at 7 a.m. A full listing of the sale items can be found at BestBlackFriday.com, but here are the top deals from the ad. Disclaimer: The author, Phillip Dengler, is the owner of BestBlackFriday.com, which is referenced in this article. The Inquisitr holds no ownership. [Image by Sam’s Club] As the screenshot shows, this sale is entirely made up of Samsung items. While a single-item sale is usually not newsworthy, Samsung is probably the most common brand for electronics deals on Black Friday. Select items actually offer better discounts than Black Friday, so it could make sense to purchase them a week earlier in order to avoid the rush. Par for the course with Sam’s Club, limited quantities are available on every item, and there are no rain checks. 10.1″ Samsung Galaxy Tab A w/Free 32GB MicroSD Card for $188.84 (reg. $288.84) 8″ Samsung Galaxy Tab A w/Free Pouch for $118.24 (reg. $188.88) Samsung 2.1 Soundbar with Wireless Subwoofer for $139.88 (reg. $199.88) Samsung 24″ Class 720p TV form $98.88 (reg. $138.88) Samsung 27″ Curved 1080p Monitor for $169 (reg $249) Samsung 40″ Class 1080p Smart TV for $238 (reg. $328) Samsung 4k Blu-ray Disc Player for $189.88 Samsung 55″ Class 4K SUHD HDR Smart TV for $978 (reg. $1,378) Samsung 55″ Class 4K UDH Curved Smart TV + Samsung 2.1 Curved Soundbar w/Wireless Subwoofer for $698 (reg. $1,099) Samsung 70″ Class 4K UHD Smart TV + $150 Gift Card for $1,248 Samsung 8-Channel 1080p HD Security System with 1TB Hard Drive for $199 (reg. $299) Samsung Blu-ray Disc Player for $44.88 (reg. $64.88) Samsung Level U Pro Wireless Headphones for $39.88 (reg. $99.99) Samsung Radiant Connect Speaker for $79.88 (reg. $129.88) Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday https://t.co/mTy28wXNCU — David Papp (@DavidPapp) November 16, 2016 Shipping Options Unlike other retailers, Sam’s Club does not have a general rule for shipping. Certain expensive items may incur shipping charges, while select cheap items may ship for free. The good news is that the majority of the items in this sale will ship for free. As a general rule, paying shipping charges on any Black Friday, Cyber Monday, or Thanksgiving sale is unnecessary. Many retailers, including Best Buy and Target, are offering free shipping on every order with no minimum this holiday season. Seeing as most Samsung deals are going to be over $50, the majority will qualify for free shipping. If you come across one that does not, you should look elsewhere because shipping charges can drastically reduce an otherwise great deal. Comparisons to Black Friday Unlike in this sale, Sam’s Club is not offering many Samsung televisions on Black Friday. The closest comparison for televisions is the Samsung 75″ 4K UHD Smart TV (UN75JU641DFXZA) for $1,998 on Black Friday. Tonight’s sale has a Samsung 70″ Class 4K UHD Smart TV + $150 gift card for $1,248. While these are not the same television, they are still fairly comparable. By shopping tonight’s sale, you can pay more than $700 less, and you will also receive a Sam’s Club gift card valued at $150. Tonight’s sale also features the 10.1″ Samsung Galaxy Tab A with a free 32GB MicroSD Card for $188.84, which is a savings of $100. On Black Friday, Sam’s Club will have the same exact deal, so this is an opportunity to get it early. Comparisons to Walmart and Amazon Pre-Black Friday Sales As Amazon announced in a press release earlier this week, they started their “Black Friday Deals Week” sale earlier today. Many of the Samsung televisions are still a few days away, but Amazon claims the “lowest prices on select Samsung TVs.” One deal that is live now is the Samsung UN65KS8500 Curved 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV for $1,597.99, which is a discount of $400. The closest comparable deal is the one mentioned above — the Samsung 70″ Class 4K UHD Smart TV + $150 gift card for $1,248. While there are differences among both televisions, you can get a set that is five inches larger for more than $300 less. For the average viewer, the difference in quality should be fairly negligible. Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale is loaded with Samsung televisions. They are offering the Samsung 40″ 6200 Series Full HD Smart LED TV for $227, which is a discount of $522.99. Sam’s Club’s sale is featuring a Samsung 40″ Class 1080p Smart TV for $238, which is a discount of $90. In this instance, you can get a more expensive Samsung TV at Walmart and pay $11 less. Regardless, this sale still has prices that are very comparable to what you will see on Black Friday. The popular opinion is that Black Friday and Cyber Monday are the best days of the year to get a deal, but careful planning can net you prices just as good by shopping a few days earlier. [Featured Image by Scott Olson/Getty Images] Now Read This: Black Friday 2016 Ads: Where To Find The Best Video Game And Electronics Deals From Target, Walmart, Best Buy, And More Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Phillip Dengler Tags: black friday 2016, sam's club Comments LATEST HEADLINES How Congress Can Change Final 2016 Electoral College Map, If Faithless Electors Don’t Stop Trump WWE News: Could Shinsuke Nakamura Be Heading To The Main Roster Following NXT Takeover: Toronto Loss? Iggy Azalea Reveals More Than Just Her Implants In ‘GQ’ WWE News: Triple H Reacts To NXT Takeover Toronto And Puts Over His Talent Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied – By Kicking Him Out Of School Chris Brown To Perform At The AMAs? Fans Beg Singer To Attend American Music Awards Amid New Album Rumors NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.5k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block 1 0 0 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment 0 0 0 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight 6 0 0 ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday 17 0 0 Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 6 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World E-Edition Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers 47° Clear Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Mostly sunny. High 51F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 11:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Vacation Stop Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World E-Edition Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Nonprofit Notebook:Guardian ad Litem volunteers needed HM10003015705 HM10003015705 12 hrs ago (…) Guardian ad Litem volunteers needed The Forsyth County Guardian ad Litem program is accepting applications from people who would like to serve as volunteer advocates for children in foster care. Training is provided, with the classes beginning Jan. 21. To learn more or to apply, go to www.volunteerforgal. org or call (336) 779-6650. Newcomers group to meet Tuesday The Newcomers and Neighbors of Winston-Salem will meet at 9:45 a.m. Tuesday at Trinity Presbyterian Church, 1416 Bolton St. For more information, email wsnandn@aol.com or go to www.wsnewcomers. blogspot.com. Angel Tree program looking for sponsors The Salvation Army of Greater Winston-Salem needs “corporate angels” to take part in its annual Angel Tree program. Companies can decorate a tree, box or barrel and collect toys at their locations, or email the Salvation Army to say how many Angels they want to adopt. More than 7,000 local children ages 12 and younger receive Christmas gifts from the Angel Tree. The children are members of families that apply for Christmas assistance with the Salvation Army. All families are screened for eligibility before being accepted into the program. To become a corporate angel, contact Maj. Deborah Colbert at deborah.colbert @uss.salvationarmy.org or call (336) 723-6366, ext. 109 Literacy project to hold info sessions The Augustine Literacy Project, a program of READWS, needs volunteers to serve as tutors to public school students. Information sessions about the program will be held at 9:30 a.m. and 6:30 p.m. Dec. 1 at Grace Presbyterian Church, 360 Hopkins Road, Kernersville. A five-day training session will be held beginning Jan. 5 at Cash Elementary School, 4700 Old Hollow Road, Kernersville. A 10-day training session is scheduled to be held beginning Jan. 23 at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church, 520 Summit St. For more information or to register, email pam @readws.org or call (336) 723-4391, ext. 1509. GriefShare helps deal with the holidays GriefShare will hold a seminar on “Surviving the Holidays” on Dec. 3 at Oaklawn Baptist Church, 3500 Kernersville Road. Sign-in will be at 1 p.m., and the seminar will take place from 1:30 to 3:45 p.m. The registration deadline is Nov. 28. The cost is $5, and each participant will receive a DVD, “Survival Guide” and other handouts. Discussions will explore creative and helpful ideas to make the holiday season less painful. For more information or to register, call (336) 788-2569 or go to www.grief share.org/holidays. GriefShare seminars are sponsored by Shady Grove Wesleyan Church, Glenn View Baptist Church, Oaklawn Baptist Church and the Senior Center of Kernersville. Tax-preparation volunteers needed The Experiment in Self-Reliance needs volunteers to help with its free tax-preparation program. The Forsyth Free Tax Program provides free tax-preparation services for low and moderate income residents at Volunteer Income Tax Assistance sites throughout Forsyth County. The program utilizes volunteer tax preparers who are certified by the Internal Revenue Service. Volunteers will receive training to provide tax help to families who need assistance preparing their tax returns. Training is offered both online and in the classroom. Volunteers will work at one or more of the tax sites according to their availability. Tax sites are generally open during the day, at night and on weekends, with flexible hours. Positions include intake coordinator, tax preparer, quality reviewer and greeter. No prior experience is needed. For more information, contact Delores McCullough at (336) 722-9400, ext. 172, or email delores.mccullough@eisr.org. Walmart Foundation, company give grants Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have awarded more than $694,000 to nonprofit agencies in North Carolina. Communities in Schools of Wilkes County, received a $25,000 grant for its New Century Scholars program. Y-USA/YMCA grants support yearlong meal programs nationwide, providing 15 million meals to 480,000 children through federally reimbursed after-school and summer meal programs. The YMCA of Northwest North Carolina, received a grant for $55,000. ReStores collecting food donations Habitat for Humanity of Forsyth County ReStores are accepting food donations for Second Harvest Food Bank of Northwest North Carolina through Nov. 30. Customers who bring three nonperishable food items will receive a 10 percent discount off their entire purchase; customers who donate six nonperishable food items will get a 20 percent discount. Compiled by Melissa Hall Tags Nonprofit Volunteers Program Training Volunteer Donation Preparer Grant Food HM10003015705 Follow HM10003015705 Close Get email notifications on HM10003015705 daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever HM10003015705 posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow HM10003015705 Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Wake Forest investigating if Louisville knew too much; Petrino responds Winston-Salem man found beaten Tuesday in downtown restaurant parking lot Lesbian couple gets 'Trump train' note Smoke from wildfires forces Forsyth County to issue air quality alert GOP official alleges illegal voting in Forsyth 91-year-old woman dies after being hurt in Winston-Salem traffic crash; 96-year-old driver cited Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash School board pays $365,000 to settle suit over employee sex with student State GOP leaders could neutralize Democrats' Supreme Court majority by adding justices Victims ID'd in early morning shooting in Winston-Salem Poll Do you think that grassroot activists' petitions could have an effect on the Electoral College vote in this year's election? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back Galleries Clemson 35, Wake Forest 13 Scene & Heard: Holidays are approaching Bishop McGuinness falls to Wallace-Rose Hill in state championship Appalachian State 42, Louisiana Monroe 17 Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Advertise Subscription Services Submission Forms Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Home My Subscription Obituaries Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted NIE MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Featured A.B.A.T.E. ride benefits Toys for Tots, children Kansas judicial branch requests $20 million for salary increases Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Featured KU basketball drops first season opener of Bill Self era KU football finds shooting star in defensive end Dorance Armstrong Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Celebrations Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured A.B.A.T.E. ride benefits Toys for Tots, children WWE to return to Jan. 13 to Topeka with Kansas Expocentre event Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: Gen. Myers is an excellent choice for K-State Chris Cillizza: Trump’s smart flirtation with Romney Connect With Us Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Weather Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Newspapers in Education Calendar of Events Subscriptions All Access digital subscription Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted November 19, 2016 10:52 pm By Morgan Chilson morgan.chilson@cjonline.com Fresh food as close as your local parking lot Deals going down in Topeka parking lots aren’t always illegal. In fact, Topekans are feeding their families with fresh seafood and meats when they meet up with a Zaycon Fresh truck locally. Zaycon Fresh is a farm-to-table supplier of foods, and the Spokane, Wash., company operating nationwide delivers fresh meats and seafood to Topeka. Customers order online and then pick up at a specified time in a local parking lot. CEO Mike Conrad, said the company, was born out of desperation when the economy crashed around 2007 and 2008. “I was in the mortgage business. It wasn’t a good time to be in the mortgage business then,” Conrad said. “I ended up being on welfare, going bankrupt. I ended up losing everything.” As Conrad watched his life disintegrate, so did his brother, who also found himself out of work and on welfare. But the two had a kernel of an idea. Conrad’s brother, J.C. Conrad, who is no longer with the company, had been a butcher at a grocery store in 2001. During that career, he experimented with selling chicken in a 40-pound butcher’s box, and it sold like crazy, Conrad said. “The store freaked out,” he said. “They’d never seen that kind of revenue.” So as the two brothers sat contemplating what they could do to change their fortunes, they decided maybe that concept would work in a broader market. They launched in 2009 and through word of mouth, Excel spreadsheets and hard work, they sold chicken for $1.49 a pound. “We sold 850 cases in two weeks,” Conrad said. “Just word of mouth — people sending us cash and checks in the mail. It was crazy. We didn’t even have a website. We were so excited. We were so broke.” They sold everything from fresh peaches and apples to meat in those early days, but finally settled on meat as their most viable market. “We weren’t even planning on going outside of Spokane, that’s the honest truth,” Conrad said. “We were just trying to pay our bills. Customers started coming to us and asking us, ‘Hey, my mom lives in Portland, Ore. Can you go to her?’ ” They encouraged customers to get a group of people together who would order and they would get a truck delievered there. “Because the market was so bad, people were looking for a deal, especially on meat,” Conrad said. “In June 2010, it hadn’t been six months, we decided we’re going to go to every state with this. We were so dumb, we couldn’t realize that we were going to fail. So we started a campaign called Chicken Across America. Nobody knew who we were.” They reached out to about 850 bloggers online and 450 of them responded that they’d blog about the company for a case of chicken. “We got a website, and my cousin jumped in his truck and delivered chicken from Washington to Maine. I took the south side of the country,” Conrad said. “That was our marketing. That’s how we were going to do it. We had no idea that it would work or wouldn’t work. When you’re on the bottom, there’s nowhere to go but up.” They delivered 28 truckloads of chicken in a week and a half, Conrad recalled. Then economies of scale began to play in the business, and they needed to look at how to deliver meat nationwide. They didn’t own trucks and had no logistics plan, he said. It’s been a challenging success story, and Conrad said he’s learned along the way. The proof is in the sales, which according to Inc. magazine, the Baird investment bank projected to reach $70 million. “Our model is this: We presell everything,” Conrad said. “Then we go to the vendor and we buy the chicken, then we deliver it on a certain day at a certain time, and the people will come pick it up. We’ve got our signs, we put up our cones, we get going. It’s pretty cool. They’ll get in line, we roll up initially with a spreadsheet and we just sign off.” The focus of the company is selling fresh food at reduced prices because of cutting out the middle of the process. Over time, Zaycon morphed from a small business run by family members into a smooth operation needed to handle such extensive sales. The company has a proprietary logistics software that tracks sales, tracks the people who show up and check in and they know where every truck is at all times. If there’s a weight difference in the box — say it was supposed to be 40 pounds but came up 38.8 — it’s credited on the spot, Conrad said. The big sellers are chicken, ground beef, bacon and ham, he said. It’s sold by the case, so it’s not uncommon for people to split a case. The food comes straight from farms, and the chicken is fresh, not frozen. “You get fresh 93/7 ground beef. It’s four to six days old, and it hasn’t been sitting in any warehouse, it’s not waiting to get put into displays,” Conrad said. Topeka customer Alora Mayer has been buying from Zaycon for about a year. She learned about the company from a friend in Kansas City and began splitting boxes of product. Each month different deliveries are made, sometimes of chicken, pork or seafood. “We have yet to get anything that we’ve been disappointed with. The quality that we’ve gotten with Zaycon is incredible,” she said, adding that Red Argentine Shrimp has been a favorite. Although she often will buy a full box to feed her family of four, if it’s something she wants to split, she just sends a note out on Facebook and finds a friend to split the product and price. The company delivers to 48 states with 1,183 locations. Many of their drop-off points are local churches, and they usually donate a case of chicken or whatever they’re delivering to the church, Conrad said. Many of those churches then pass the food on to local pantries. The company has a referral program so customers can get a $5 food credit when their friends buy and then you get $1 every time that person buys, he said. “We just need more customers in every area. It gets easier and cheaper for us to bring the food the larger we are, the bigger the truck,” he said of future growth. “Expansion is really just where we’re at, getting more customers, understanding who we are and what we provide.” In general, Zaycon customers save 30 to 50 percent off of what they would pay for a lesser-quality product at grocery stores, Conrad said. Years later, Conrad is still excited about the company and what it provides to customers. “We did this to pay our bills,” he said, adding that he didn’t understand what would happen. “We have a net promoter score of 82, which is how excited your customers are. If you look at Walmart, they’re under 50. If you go on our Facebook page, you’ll see people raving about buying chicken. It’s the weirdest thing.” The growth in the business the first three years was over 1,000 percent, he said. “That’s easy because if you go from nothing to $1,000 …” he said, laughing. “We’re growing about 30 to 40 percent almost every year.” Conrad’s cousin Adam Kremin has been a part of it throughout its tenuous beginnings to its current success. J.C. Conrad left to pursue another career, Conrad said, and, frankly, it was stressful. “We were growing too fast. There were many points in this business, we were like how are we going to pay the bills,” he said. “Sometimes the growth is scary because you’re like, holy hell, how do I pay for all of this? I can’t keep up.” There were many learning opportunities along the way. They became convinced of the need for technology after a Boise, Idaho, event that drew 1,600 cars to pick up food. “It wasn’t automated. We had four lines of cars,” Conrad said. “I had to hire two cops, one for incoming traffic, one for outgoing. It was a three-hour event, with 40 helpers. We had to consolidate all those spreadsheets to figure out who picked up, who didn’t pick up.” So they automated. And continued to grow. “I couldn’t figure out why people were buying our chicken, why they loved it so much,” he said. “The reason they like our food is it’s so fresh. Straight from the farm to the event. We have no warehouses. Unless you have a chicken coop, you’re not getting it any fresher, I’m telling you.” Advertisement Most Popular News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 23:22 Rep. Mike Pompeo, a Wichita Republican, chosen by Donald Trump to head the CIA News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 11:48 USD 501 names Jardine Elementary principal News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 23:22 Kansas judicial branch requests $20 million for salary increases News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 20:00 Advisors Excel, Payless donate coats and shoes to Sheldon Head Start students   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Sun, 11/20/2016 - 09:50 Today’s weather for Nov. 20, 2016 Topeka weather for Sunday and Monday should be fairly normal for November, going off of figures by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric... Read more Sun, 11/20/2016 - 09:10 More than 100 killed in India train wreck Sun, 11/20/2016 - 09:10 Trump repeats demand for apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast Sat, 11/19/2016 - 22:52 Fresh food as close as your local parking lot Load more Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Local stores set to start holiday shopping season Central Ohio shoppers will soon be heading to start their holiday shopping Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Post to Facebook Local stores set to start holiday shopping season Central Ohio shoppers will soon be heading to start their holiday shopping Thanksgiving and Black Friday.  Check out this story on chillicothegazette.com: http://ohne.ws/2g9ESp2 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Local stores set to start holiday shopping season Jeff Barron , Reporter 7:42 a.m. EST November 20, 2016 Buy Photo Susie Jones, right, owner of Susie’s Gifts, assists customers shopping during Black Friday in 2011. (Photo: Gazette File Photo)Buy Photo CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Central Ohio shoppers will soon be heading to start their holiday shopping. Many will no doubt start on Thanksgiving or the day after on Black Friday. Here's a look at the hours some major retailers in the Lancaster and Chillicothe areas will be open: Chillicothe area: Sears at 1075 N. Broad St will open from 6 p.m. to midnight on Thanksgiving and will be open from 5 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Kohl's at 45 River Trace will open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving and stay open until midnight on Black Friday. JCPenney will open at 3 p.m. Thanksgiving and remain open until 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Elder-Beerman at 1080 N. Broad St. will openat 5 p.m. Thanksgiving and stay open until 11 p.m. on Black Friday. Dick's Sporting Goods at 1251 N. Broad St. will openat 6 p.m. Thanksgiving and close at 2 a.m. It will open at 5 a.m. on Black Friday and close at 11 p.m. Kmart at 1470 N. Broad St. will open at 6 a.m. Thanksgiving and stay open through Black Friday. Sam's Club at 1270 N. Broad St. is closed on Thanksgiving and open from 7 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. on Black Friday. Walmart at 85 River Trace Lane will be open 24 hours on both Thanksgiving and Black Friday. Lowe's at 867 N. Broad St. is closed on Thanksgiving and will be open from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Black Friday. Tanger Outlets at 8000 Factory Shops Blvd in Jeffersonville will be open from 6 p.m. to midnight on Thanksgiving and from 12 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Central Ohio area Target at 1300 River Valley Blvd. in Lancaster will be open from 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving until 10 p.m. on Black Friday. The River Valley Mall at 1635 River Valley Circle South will open at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving and will not close until 10 p.m. on Black Friday. The Polaris Fashion Place at 1500 Polaris Parkway in Columbus will be open from 6 p.m. to 1 a.m. Thanksgiving and from 6 a.m. to 9:30 p.m. on Black Friday. Also, stores at the Easton Town Center at 160 Easton Town Center in Columbus are opening at several different times. Visit www.eastontowncenter.com/thanksgiving-weekend for a listing of shopping hours. jbarron@lancastereaglegazette.com 740-681-4340 Twitter: @JeffDBarron CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2g9ESp2 TOP VIDEOS MADE Rally 2:18 Trump supporters speak up 1:57 Unioto's Jeff Metzler talks possible playoff berth 0:54 Cavaliers clinch playoff berth 0:43 Town hall addresses variety of heroin-related topics 1:49 Highlights from Adena's 34-14 win over Paint Valley 1:30 Highlights from Unioto's 34-33 win over Piketon 1:53 Unioto's Ryan Smith sends Tanks home a winner 0:06 Who killed Harry Smith? 1:05 Brown's Lawn and Garden Equipment security footage 0:41 ZT's Harris speaks after 31-0 win over Paint Valley 0:43 Piketon sweeps Peebles, focuses on Adena 1:00 Cavs sweep Blue Lions in SCOL action 1:14 Drug Sweep 8:25 Drug Sweep.mov 8:25 Sights and sounds of Honoring Our Heroes 1:08 Davis talks about historic night 0:49 1194th Returns 3:34 Sights & Sounds of Junior Fair Night 1:23 Healthy Children Event 1:19 Anti-discrimination rally 1:33 Luke Feeney speaks at DNC 1:28 Newark Post 85 edges Chillicothe Post 757 in pitchers' duel 1:08 Art of the Strikeout 1:27 Behind the scenes of Chillicothe fireworks 1:05 Armory Tour 2:20 Behind the scenes at "Tecumseh!" 1:25 Uncovering Camp Sherman 2:45 Memorial Day 2016 1:52 Washington Ave. house fire 0:31 Protest of prison farm sale 0:59 St. Mary Church restoration 1:47 Reactions to Community Intervention event 3:35 A Community Intervention 2:04 Visiting interventionist speaks to drug court participants 2:20 Mourners come together for six Pike County murder victims 0:53 Officials confront overdoses 1:36 Stranger donates kidney 0:16 Ohio pastor talks Christianity, 2016 presidential election 0:44 Police swear in new officers 0:58 Courthouse clock restored 1:35 Unioto tops Chillicothe for sectional title 1:01 Steps to using Narcan 1:07 Sheriff's office training simulator 1:12 Laurel Street shooting 0:58 Billy Ireland Cartoon Library and Museum 0:26 Deputy gets last chance agreement 3:23 Shop With a Cop 0:44 Unioto SCOPES program 1:51 Veterans section preview 2:08 Rutherford re-elected 0:15 Feeney thanks supporters 1:26 Corzine, Shoemaker elected to city school board 0:37 Sunday morning police chase 1:07 Artful Decisions 0:33 Carlisle building reopening 0:43 1194th Engineer Company call to duty 1013 0:33 Carlisle renovation sneak peek 1:19 Ross' Presidential Hopeful 2:21 Alex Adkins on making music 1:25 Bull Creek Homicide 1:02 Music & Memory 1:05 Junior Fair Night - Outhouse races 1:05 Fatal shooting 911 call 2:50 Waterfall at Tecumseh! 1:33 Plyleys Lane flooding 0:17 New search & rescue drone 1:51 Taking back the community 0:30 911 call: Body found in Highland County 1:57 No Dope, Just Hope 1:21 Operation Guardian Shield 1:34 Teacher spots 6-foot shark 0:47 Reporter attempts Tueller Drill 0:56 Tiffany Sayre's family present during investigation 2:02 Body found by Trego Creek Road 3:23 Cohen stars in surgery 1:00 Fatal Ohio Turnpike crash 1:15 Trees down on Watt Street 0:29 Trees down on Watt St. 0:29 Chillicothe storm 1:59 PRCTC student talks drones 1:33 Procedure for a STAT drug screening 3:43 Firefighters help teen 0:40 2015 Scioto Valley March of Dimes Ambassador Family 5:31 Ofc. Larry Cox: A hero to those how knew him 1:08 Veterans practice alternative healing 0:22 Walk In Her Shoes 1:18 Chillicothe Police pull family from burning vehicle 1:49 Winter Sports Awards Nominees Announced 1:42 Carlisle Building timelapse: 9 months of work shown in 150 seconds 2:36 Students help with fish fry 1:06 A lifetime of love 1:22 911 calls regarding South Hickory Street shooting 1:48 Bones Found At Bridge Street Mound 1:15 Ashley Davis trains with Tokey Hill 1:03 Reds Mesoraco Talks Baseball With Local Fan 1:47 Injury crash on U.S. 35 0:48 Active shooter training at Chillicothe H.S. 2:32 Foothill Folk Society gathers for jam session 1:24 Snowy Pedaling 1:04 More Stories Korean War POW who died in 1951 laid to rest in Ohio Nov. 19, 2016, 9:38 p.m. Bowling Preview | Cavs, ZT ready to roll Nov. 18, 2016, 10:37 p.m. Inmate’s death is wake-up call to prison system Nov. 20, 2016, 4:12 a.m.
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search President Barack Obama: Give Trump a chance If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever NEO – The Euro Is Murdering Europe Alla Pierce – Russian WW2 heroism trampled by rivals? Rodrigo Duterte meets Vladimir Putin—terrible news for the New World Order NEO – Rebel Unity Fails Amid Aleppo’s Fall Britain to continue arms sales to Saudi Arabia Your Radiation This Week No 81 and 82 ‹ › Dr. Kevin Barrett, a Ph.D. Arabist-Islamologist, is one of America’s best-known critics of the War on Terror. He is Host of TRUTH JIHAD RADIO; a hard driving weekly LIVE call in radio show. He also has appeared many times on Fox, CNN, PBS and other broadcast outlets, and has inspired feature stories and op-eds in the New York Times, the Christian Science Monitor, the Chicago Tribune, and other leading publications. Dr. Barrett has taught at colleges and universities in San Francisco, Paris, and Wisconsin, where he ran for Congress in 2008. He currently works as a nonprofit organizer, author, and talk radio host. View Latest Posts >>> If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever By Kevin Barrett on November 19, 2016 And hell will freeze over By Kevin Barrett, Veterans Today Editor (Watch False Flag Weekly News above, and click HERE for story links…and HERE to subscribe to TruthJihad.com and support my shows. -KB) Everybody’s arguing about Trump. Families are split. Couples are at each others’ throats. Racial, ethnic, and religious tensions are in the air. Here at VT the comment section has been in an uproar for months. I’ve been arguing about Trump with some smart people, people I respect. I just pre-recorded an interview with James Petras, an accomplished leftist anti-Empire sociologist and contributor to my False Flag Trilogy. He has positive things to say about Trump. So does Robert David Steele, the whistleblowing former CIA Clandestine Services Officer who’s a prime force behind my new book Orlando False Flag. Steele actually believes Trump might push through the Election Reform Act of 2016.  Listen to my brand-new interview with Steele for the details. Petras, the radical leftist, and Steele, the reformist conservative Republican, are both brilliant. They are two of the greatest minds of our time. But I suspect they are wrong about Trump. The Simpsons got it right when they predicted Trump’s campaign slogan would be: “America, you can be my ex-wife.” Many of his supporters, especially the alternative media types, are going to be falling out of love with this guy real fast. If you’re paying attention, you’re already disillusioned. Some of the headlines from this week’s False Flag Weekly News include: Hillary Actually Won – Professor Mark Crispin Miller Reveals Election Fraud! Why isn’t Hillary contesting Trump’s weird “win”? Is it because she stole “her” nomination? Trump transition committee run by Kosher Nostra boss Adelson, 9/11 criminal Eisenberg (who handed WTC to Silverstein) The Israeli Right Wing Is Delighted by Trump’s Win — and Why That’s So Dangerous  Trump Picks Anti-Muslim Extremist Michael Flynn To Be National Security Adviser To be fair, there is possible good news on the Syria front. But the overall gestalt does not look good. The same people who were convinced that Jade Helm was a plan to lock up millions of dissidents in Wal-Mart are the most fanatical Trump supporters.  They are being scammed by exactly the same people – Bibi’s propaganda team in the fake alternative media – once again. Here is my to-do list for Trump. If he does any of these things, I will eat crow. If he does all of them I will eat a whole flock. Expose the truth about 9/11, which is that it was a neocon coup designed to unleash Islamophobia to benefit Israel. Reinstate the Constitution by repealing all post-9/11 police state legislation and pushing through draconian restrictions on all forms of spying, search and seizure, etc. Push through Steele’s Election Reform Act, ending the corrupt two-party duopoly. Close down US military bases worldwide and return to a defend-the-borders posture. Use the savings to rebuild America’s infrastructure. Force big corporations to bring manufacturing jobs back to the US. (If he leaves office in 2024 with the percentage of made-in-USA stuff equivalent to what it was in, say, 1970, he will have succeeded.) End the Fed and print honest, Constitutional currency. Pass and enforce real anti-trust legislation so there can be no more monopolies or collusive trade practices, period. Push through the Constitutional amendment that would be needed to end private funding of political campaigns by the rich and special interests. Bust up big media into thousands of much smaller pieces, and use antitrust laws to keep them small. The above list is pretty much what it would take to “Make America great again.” Good luck with that one, Mr. Trump. I don’t think you have the slightest interest in actually fixing any of the country’s biggest problems. But I hope you prove me wrong. Related Posts: Donald Trump: “Bombs were used on the World Trade Center!” FFWN: Dallas police shootings a false flag? President Barack Obama: Give Trump a chance Should the military overthrow Trump? Trump’s “isolationism” vs. Deep State The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Kevin Barrett on November 19, 2016, With 2609 Reads Filed under Election 2016. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 10 Responses to "If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever" US-First  November 20, 2016 at 9:26 am Saw this this morning and thought it might bear mentioning as it has to do with False Flags another alleged Patriot and includes a nice shot of the Pentagon Wall hit on 9/11. The story is current on some alt news sites over the past few days. http://www.whatdoesitmean.com/index2168.htm Log in to Reply David Ansible  November 20, 2016 at 9:15 am Given some of the things you have written, one would think you’d be eating crow over much less. Anyway…. The 911 thing is extremely unlikely. It would be Watergate (preceded as it was by Nixon’s inquiries to the CIA re: Kennedy) or worse for Trump. I did think it was interesting how during his victory speech he described his admin as lasting 2, 3, 4 or even 8 years, giving voice to the possibility of a less than 4 years first term, possibly telegraphing a sense of fatalism about his admin. Log in to Reply JohnZ  November 20, 2016 at 5:10 am Kevin, that’s quite a wish list but I would add no more wars for isrealhell and further no more foreign aid to anyone…including isrealhell. Another would be a thorough investigation into the corruption inside the V.A including charging all those involved, nice televised trials and sentencing. The make sure every homeless veteran is taken care of, every veteran who needs medical care or has mental issues gets treatment. Massive reform of the V.A. is sorely needed. Canceling Obama Care. Shutting down the DHS, TSA, DEA ending the war on drugs, the war on terror, stop spying on Americans and do something to end the police violence perpetrated on the American people. Trump of course, won’t do or accomplish any of those things though. Not if he wants to remain alive. In order to do so he would have to become ruthless and highly skilled at eliminating these enemies. He is just not that skilled nor does he really care about those issues. His selection of Mittens and Johnny “Rotten” Bolton is a clear indicator of what to expect from this new administration. Log in to Reply bryguy  November 20, 2016 at 5:00 am As of March, here’s a list of Obama’s administration choices and 3 guess to what they all have in common: Tony Blinken, Danielle Borrin, Gary Gensler,Jonathan Greenblatt,Jack Lew, Eric Lynn(love this one middle east policy adviser), Matt Nosanchuk,David Plouffe, Daniel Rubenstein (another laugh as he’s Ambassador to Syria),Dan Shapiro ,Gene Sperling,Aviva Sufian,Adam Szubin,Janet Yellen,David Cohen,David Saperstein,Amy Rosenbaum, Raffi Freedman. My point is that I’m not under any illusion with Trump. Never was. My problem with the way VT has handled things was their alternatives, such as Clinton, was as bad or even worse. I’d say worse but considering they’re all visitors of Epsteins Island, whats the difference? My speculation is their is a plan by the NWO. Push Nationalism in the forefront in order to obliterate it as being a preference in the future. Make things so bad that the Elders can say “you see, Nationalism is bad, economy ruined, trade wars, cold and hot wars, isolationism et al. Then using Trump as the “never again can we do this guy”, march forward into border less regional government as 1 of 10 regions ruled by the UN, the body that was created for that purpose so many years ago. Trump didn’t get in by accident….why else would they run Clinton against him when Dems could have run Mickey Mouse who would have won. Nothing happens by accident in politics Log in to Reply Dbooger  November 20, 2016 at 3:18 am The list of 10 is great and has also been stated by Trump in some of his speeches during his campaign, however not necessarily in order of importance. He added a few more, but the what will actually happen will be anybody’s guess and the rumors of potential assassination floating around will be a factor. The future will also tell if he is a liar as big as Hillary – she does win the award! Log in to Reply Foci  November 20, 2016 at 2:39 am Mr Barrett, why did you suffer through 8 years of an Obama admin and never a peep about even ONE of those ten points? Why were you willing to go through 4 or possibly 8 MORE years of virtually the same destructive policies as those foisted on us from Obama, with Hillary? Now you set this nearly impossible “to do” list for Trump. You sure smell like a sore loser to me and 1/2 of the population out in fly over land. I’m disappointed in you. I thought Special Snowflakes were only part of the millennial generation. Log in to Reply Kevin Barrett  November 20, 2016 at 5:17 am I have been harping on most if not all of these ten points during the past eight years. And I have been blasting Obama, just like Bush and Cheney before him. Listen to my radio show! http://noliesradio.org/archives/category/archived-shows/kevin-barrett-show davor  November 20, 2016 at 12:10 am For those first three things he would actually need another coup, a real and constitutional one involving hundreds of FBI agents and informants, intelligence and media. It would probably take years to do it and it would be his children in the end calling him an anti-semite. Good said if he does any of the ten mentioned he will do so much more than many administrations combined. Log in to Reply JS  November 19, 2016 at 10:41 pm Dr Barrett, that’s a decent list, and you might want to keep it handy. I would add a few more items, but you have a good start with the 10. Log in to Reply Jonas E. Alexis  November 19, 2016 at 9:27 pm I’m with you on that one, Kevin. But if he gets people like Mitt Romney and John Bolton in the White House, he is just going to pick up where Bush left off in Iraq and other places. Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments President Barack Obama: Give Trump a chance If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever NEO – The Euro Is Murdering Europe Alla Pierce – Russian WW2 heroism trampled by rivals? Rodrigo Duterte meets Vladimir Putin—terrible news for the New World Order NEO – Rebel Unity Fails Amid Aleppo’s Fall Britain to continue arms sales to Saudi Arabia Your Radiation This Week No 81 and 82 Why The Battle for Aleppo Is So Long and So Important Vladimir Putin: The International Criminal Court ain’t worth it—and that’s true Guantanamo Bay gets new boss under Trump The rise against government corruption in South Korea Un-Trump the World Syrian War Report – November 18, 2016: Govt Forces Storming Eastern Aleppo Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win NEO – Will US Hit the Reset Button with Russia? Should the military overthrow Trump? Armenian President: Russia’s Iskander missile systems in Armenia to maintain balance in region Trump Election Spurs Hate Crime Wave with 400 Racist Incidents FF2P – False Flags 2 Protect American interests in the Mideast replaces R2P? Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (109733) Qatari princess having sex with seven men (14550) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9647) Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle (9508) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (9004) Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win (8720) Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab (7870) VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble (7798) Russia wins the Syrian war; New World Order agents are becoming obsolete (7143) Should the military overthrow Trump? (7142) Trakkath: President Barack Obama: Give Trump a chance US-First: If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever David Ansible: If Trump does these ten things he’ll be the greatest president ever Edward Longshanks: NEO – Rebel Unity Fails Amid Aleppo’s Fall Edward Longshanks: Alla Pierce – Russian WW2 heroism trampled by rivals? Edward Longshanks: Alla Pierce – Russian WW2 heroism trampled by rivals? Edward Longshanks: Alla Pierce – Russian WW2 heroism trampled by rivals? Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Russian WW2 heroism trampled by rivals? Edward Longshanks: Alla Pierce – Russian WW2 heroism trampled by rivals? JohnZ: NEO – The Euro Is Murdering Europe VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson F. William Engdahl Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all What To Know About Making A Withdrawl From An IRA Account What To Know About Making A Withdrawl From An IRA Account Make Money Great Again: Vote for Gold Your holiday shopping style may be a generation thing Google and Facebook Take Aim at Fake-News Sites Financial Conversations You Should Have During the Holidays National News View all Advocates want more veterans on Congress’ policy staff Advocates want more veterans on Congress’ policy staff CFC funds help boost pets-for-veterans program The Upcoming War On The Alternative Media By The Deep State Mainstream Media Ron Paul – The True and Essential Choice For U.S. Secretary of State CrossTalk: Donald and Vladimir VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all How President Trump Can Fix Veterans’ Benefits Once And For All How President Trump Can Fix Veterans’ Benefits Once And For All DuPage Medical Group Joins HireVeterans.com! Sussman Automatic Corp Joins HireVeterans.com! ‘Salute to Veterans 5K’ about more than running Aircraft Service International Group Joins HireVeterans.com! Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live WTF: NFL to Mexico a No Brainer with NFL International Analyst Reggie Collins! (Ep. 2) TCK Radio: Sandra Fecht “Renown Counselor Confirms Satanic Pedo Network” TCK Radio: Dr. Tenpenny “Global Forced Vaccines; Conspiracy Or Reality? WTF: Taking A Dump For Trump! TCK Radio: Patrick Wood “Technocracy Rising: It’s a GREEN World” Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) Qatari princess having sex with seven men The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier The City of London’s ReColonization of America New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies Meet the Jews in Donald Trump’s inner circle 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order Russian spokeswoman says Jews behind Trump win Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Power, Pedophilia and the US Government The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Should the military overthrow Trump? Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Russia wins the Syrian war; New World Order agents are becoming obsolete American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction On Trump and the Jews ISIS Takes Out M1A Abrams Tank with American TOW Missile (video) Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
Skip to main content Home My Subscription Obituaries Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted NIE MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Featured A.B.A.T.E. ride benefits Toys for Tots, children Kansas judicial branch requests $20 million for salary increases Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Featured KU basketball drops first season opener of Bill Self era KU football finds shooting star in defensive end Dorance Armstrong Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Celebrations Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured A.B.A.T.E. ride benefits Toys for Tots, children WWE to return to Jan. 13 to Topeka with Kansas Expocentre event Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: Gen. Myers is an excellent choice for K-State Chris Cillizza: Trump’s smart flirtation with Romney Connect With Us Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Weather Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Newspapers in Education Calendar of Events Subscriptions All Access digital subscription Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted November 19, 2016 09:47 pm - Updated November 19, 2016 11:18 pm By Justin Wingerter justin.wingerter@cjonline.com American Radical: John Booker Jr. and the FBI plot to imprison him Part One A 2009 Topeka West High School yearbook contains a photo of John Booker Jr. as a freshman. (Emily DeShazer/The Capital-Journal) On Oct. 8, 2014, a man calling himself Omar walked into a Dillons grocery store in southwest Topeka. He said he was Iraqi, working as an air conditioner repairman and looking for a mosque to attend. More immediately, he was looking for a particular Dillons employee: John Booker Jr. Short and bookish in a kufi cap and glasses, Booker wasn’t the type to attract many visitors at work or outside of it. He spoke softly, rarely deviating from a topic of choice: his Muslim faith. Just two years removed from high school, Booker had no friends, no social life and only periodic contact with his parents. Omar’s car that day was a rental with out-of-state plates. Booker hopped in but, fearful of government surveillance, insisted the two speak in the backseat. He hid his phone in Omar’s glovebox as they spoke. Over the next six months, Omar picked up Booker often, always in a rental car with out-of-state plates. They ate at Red Lobster, attended mosque services and drove around. Their conversations centered on Islam and, increasingly, on its most violent, radical adherents. Booker’s fears of FBI surveillance were well-founded. He was being followed. His words were being recorded and transcribed. His actions were being monitored, his motives probed, his compliance sought. And his newfound friend, Omar, was not who he claimed to be. Omar was an FBI informant. In the two years since he left Topeka West, Booker had been radicalized online, seduced by conspiracy theories and inspired by jihadists. A promise on social media to wage jihad and die had ended his military career. A Topeka imam's guidance had helped stabilize the troubled young man. Omar was there to test his willingness to harm hundreds, if not thousands, of innocent people. It was a test Booker would fail. With a small loan from his lone, developmentally disabled friend, Booker set out to bomb Fort Riley. In phone interviews and a dozen letters sent from his cell at CCA Leavenworth, the federal prison where he's sentenced to spend the next three decades, Booker recalled it all. “I was always solo my entire life,” he said. The maximum-security prison is a stark departure from a tree-lined suburban street 70 miles to the southwest where Booker was raised and his parents still live in a nondescript off-white Topeka home. Booker was a Christian who, in his teenage years, began studying autodidactically to become a Catholic priest. While perusing world religions, he became convinced that all but one glorifies an idol. The only true religion, Booker came to believe, is Islam. “Most people my age were watching music videos. I was watching lectures on Allah." By then he was a junior at Topeka West High School. Awkward, shy and bipolar, Booker’s strict adherence to religion further alienated him. There were few Muslims at the school and the recent convert was unimpressed with those he found, considering them too moderate in their actions. “Most people my age were watching music videos. I was watching lectures on Allah,” Booker recalls. He didn’t drink alcohol or date. He didn’t go to strip clubs, as some of his classmates did, or obsess over women. The dreams and desires of other teenagers confused him. Unable to relate to those around him, Booker grew increasingly insular. He also gravitated toward the military, enrolling in Topeka West’s Junior ROTC program during all four years of high school. A photo of cadets shows Booker looking out of place, noticeably shorter than everyone around him, but stoic in his spotless uniform. In another, Booker smiles widely as he and fellow cadets deliver gifts to foster children. In a Topeka Capital-Journal article about the gift-giving, written in 2011, Booker said helping children brought him joy: “I can’t have a good Christmas if they don’t.” John Booker Jr. can be seen on the far right of the front row in this JROTC Raider Team group yearbook photo from his senior year. (2012 Topeka West yearbook) Life was less cheery after high school. He moved to Kansas City, Mo., where he struggled to find work. He turned down employment opportunities that did not closely adhere to his faith, such as jobs that required him to handle alcohol. “I was homeless at times in Kansas City but happy. I was living for Islam, living for Allah,” he said. In Kansas City, his views on Islam hardened. He became fascinated with conspiracy theories, collecting government documents he believed proved his premises. One such theory is a popular one on the internet: that the federal government orchestrated the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. “I believed what everybody else believed at first. Then I began reading a lot of documents,” Booker said. “I have a lot of conspiracy theories and I realized 9/11 was not done by Muslims.” It was in Kansas City that the messages of al-Qaida first resonated with the recent high school graduate. He would spend hours online studying martyrs and their methods. But an imam at the mosque he was attending made his opposition to radical Islam clear, going so far as to order Booker removed from his mosque. Booker, who says the imam “is not a very good Muslim,” claimed the mosque belonged to Allah, not the religious leader, as he was being escorted out. At a second mosque in Kansas City, which Booker declines to name, congregants also disagreed with his support of al-Qaida but allowed him to stay and pray. He became a devout attendee. His contact with family and friends lessened and his attraction to radical groups grew. “They were the only mujahideen fighting for Islam at that time,” he said of al-Qaida. “They were fighting for Allah, fighting for Islam.” Booker began calling himself Mohammad Abdullah Hassan, the name of a late 19th century Muslim leader. Known as the “Mad Mullah” by British forces in Somalia, Hassan waged an unsuccessful 20-year war against Christians in a crusade for religious and political independence on the Horn of Africa. In letters from Leavenworth, Booker alternates between signing off as “John” and “Mohammad.” As the calendar turned from 2012 to 2013, and then 2014, Booker’s motive for joining the military flipped. He no longer wanted to fight for the United States. Convinced that his government was the enemy of Islam at home and abroad, Booker now wanted to fight against it. “All of us have to stand on something,” he said. “That’s what I stood on — dying.” In May of 2014, a 22-year-old American citizen, Moner Mohammad Abusalha, drove a bomb-laden truck into a Syrian army stronghold, killing 37. But before he did, he narrated a video that called on fellow American Muslims to “join the caravan of jihad and martyrdom.” Abusalha grew up in a gated oceanfront Florida community far from the turbulent Middle East where he would die. When Booker saw the video, he was galvanized. “He escaped America to join the Syrian rebels, to fight against Bashar al-Assad, the Syrian president. This story and speech he did inspired me, and also his act of doing a suicide bombing,” Booker wrote in a letter from Leavenworth. An undated frame grab shows American suicide attacker Moner Mohammad Abusalha, the first American to carry out a suicide attack in Syria's civil war. (AP Photo/Manara al-Bayda) Booker gravitated toward American jihadists. In the same letter, he fondly recalls Anwar al-Awkali’s lectures on the blessings of martyrdom, paradise and hellfire. Awlaki, who was born in New Mexico, inspired several terrorist attacks, including a 2009 shooting at Fort Hood that Booker would later praise, before being killed in a drone strike in Yemen in 2011. Several months after Abusalha’s bombing, the Islamic State released “The Flames of War,” a 55-minute video narrated by an unidentified American. It was propaganda portrayed as a documentary calling on Muslims the world over to “unite under one call, one banner, one leader.” The call was jihad, the banner the IS flag and the leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. During their time together, Booker and Omar watched both videos. Booker wanted to join IS in Syria, he told Omar, and he wanted help getting there. As they watched a video about suicide bombers, Booker determined that was his calling. That was how he wanted to die. On Oct. 10, 2014, just two days after meeting Omar, Booker spoke openly to him about his past as an Army recruit and al-Qaida supporter, according to FBI task force officer Mark Enghold. “I was in jihad before, okay. I got captured,” he told Omar. “Okay, a long story short, the people at the (mosque) don’t like me because I support al-Qaida openly. I’m not afraid; I was captured before…I was captured by FBI before…because I was with al-Qaida.” Seven months earlier, on March 9, 2014, Halima Bwanadi received a strange phone call. A man speaking Swahili said “hodi," or hello. When she responded in Swahili, the voice on the other end became confused. Switching to English, he said, “I’m gonna kill Mama Medina” then abruptly hung up. The name of Bwanadi’s mother is Medina Mohammed. When Bwanadi and her mother returned home that night to their northeast Kansas City apartment, it had been burglarized. A window, usually closed, was now open. Lights they always turned off were now on. Two police officers scanned the apartment, found it vacant, and escorted the women through the rooms in search of missing belongings. They determined nothing had been stolen. The Bwanadis believed someone was trying to frighten them. When the officers asked the women if they knew who might have burglarized the apartment, Amina Bwanadi, a 15-year-old girl, spoke up. Booker had lived with the family up until a few months before the burglary, when he and Mohammed had a falling out. Booker was told to leave. This, according to Amina, infuriated him. Booker called Amina to tell her he was joining the U.S. Army to wage jihad from within and the Bwanadis, moderate Muslims uninterested in Booker’s radicalism, had cast him aside. Booker was never charged in the case, according to Missouri court records, and he vehemently denies having any role in the alleged break-in. At a recruiting station in Kansas City, Booker enlisted in the U.S. Army in February of 2014. Before he reported to basic training on April 7, he explained his new motive on Facebook, telling the world what he had told Amina Bwanadi. “I will soon be leaving you forever so goodbye! I’m going to wage jihad and hopes (sic) that I die,” a March 15 post stated. “Getting ready to be killed in jihad is a HUGE adrenaline rush!! I am so nervous. NOT because I’m scared to die but I am eager to meet my lord,” he wrote four days later, on March 19. In less than two years in Kansas City, Booker had warped dramatically from a quiet Junior ROTC high school graduate to an aspiring terrorist determined to attack the United States. But much to his frustration, not a single Muslim he knew agreed with his militant mindset. Booker, once again, was alone. Prior to the second he clicked the “post” button on Facebook that mid-March day in 2014, there is no evidence in court records, police reports or Topeka Public School disciplinary records that Booker had a criminal history. Though boastful of his terroristic desires and imprisonment, Booker says he had no experience with crimes, petty or otherwise. The only mention of Booker in Topeka police records is on March 20, 2014. At 2 p.m. that day, officers went to his apartment in the 2900 block of S.W. Arnold. A non-criminal incident report written by a TPD officer is, like many government documents pertaining to Booker, heavily redacted. He was interviewed that afternoon by FBI agents, who asked about the Facebook posts. Booker, according to the FBI, flatly told the agents he enlisted in the Army to kill American soldiers, either during basic training or after. “The defendant clarified that he did not intend to kill ‘privates,’ but that he instead wanted to target someone with power,” a plea agreement states. “The defendant also said that he did not intend to use large guns, but instead a small gun or a sword.” Recounting the FBI interview two years later, Booker often refers to it as “being captured.” When speaking to other Muslims, he would brag that he was taken captive by the United States for his support of al-Qaida, a boast that made Muslims at the Islamic Center of Topeka uncomfortable. “They didn’t like me, didn’t like al-Qaida. They told me ‘we don’t agree.’ They gave me different looks,” Booker recalls. In a deep and authoritative baritone, Omar Hazim, imam at the Topeka Islamic Center, speaks in condemnation of the Islamic State at his mosque. When the Prophet Muhammad refers to jihad he is referring to a struggle inside oneself, Hazim teaches. That struggle, the struggle against the evil of one’s soul, is the only true jihad. Imam Omar Hazim of the Topeka Islamic Center. (File photo/The Capital-Journal) On March 20, 2014, Hazim was at home when he received a phone call just before midnight. An FBI agent told him about their detainment of a young man and wanted to know if Hazim knew him. The name didn’t sound familiar but he offered to help anyway. When agents brought Booker to Hazim the next day, he recognized him as an occasional attendee at the Islamic Center. The FBI’s hope was that Hazim, through counseling, could moderate Booker. “They thought at that time he could be salvaged and his mind could be changed,” Hazim recalls. Booker “seemed like he was sincere about religion but was more or less confused." “I didn’t really see any anger in him. I saw confusion in him. He was convinced before I met him that because of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan — he felt those were completely wrong — he had an obligation to try to fight that himself.” The radicalism Booker had instilled in himself through the internet during his time in Kansas City left little room for moderating voices. He openly disputed Hazim’s definition of jihad, believing instead that it refers to holy war. During discussions on the Quran, Booker would stand up and walk around, drifting aimlessly in body and mind. FBI agents and Hazim took Booker to Stormont Vail West, the hospital’s behavioral health center. He was admitted for two weeks but no one could force him to stay, not Hazim or the FBI. The imam attempted to have him admitted at Osawatomie State Hospital but, plagued by overcrowding, the staff there let him go. He received treatment at Valeo Behavioral Health Center and the Islamic Center paid for some of his medication. Sometimes it was clear to Hazim that Booker was not swallowing the pills. “I didn’t really see any anger in him. I saw confusion in him." Over the course of several months, Hazim says, Booker took to him. He respected the imam and began listening more intently. The stubbornness waned slightly and, when he was taking medications, so too did Booker’s wandering. In late March of 2014, the FBI and 902nd Military Intelligence Group issued an alert about Booker to law enforcement and military agencies in Kansas “to inform and protect officers who may encounter this individual or others exhibiting the same aspirations." The next time the FBI made contact with Booker was when Omar walked into Dillons that October. When they talked one month later, in November of 2014, Omar gave Booker some good news. A cousin of his knew how to transport Americans to Syria. But was Booker up for the fight? The Islamic State wouldn’t accept just anybody, Omar told him. “I will kill any kuffar,” Booker responded, using an Arabic term for non-Muslims. “I will follow any place...if I was with (IS) and they said, ‘look, we are going to the White House right now’…I would go with them without any question.” In Booker’s recounting of his time with Omar, the FBI informant was the only Islamic State supporter at first. Booker said he proudly supported al-Qaida at the time but knew nothing of IS until Omar introduced him to "The Flames of War." After that, he was hooked. “The reason why it resonated with me is because I mainly was attracted by the establishment of the caliphate and Islamic State government and also the variety of Muslims all over the world were answering the call and joining,” Booker said. There is a dispute between Enghold, the FBI agent, and the young man himself over how Booker arrived at the idea of bombing Fort Riley. In Booker’s version of events, he was “100 percent” entrapped and “tricked” by Omar, knew nothing of IS and never would have considered a bomb plot if not pushed by the FBI. In Enghold’s version, Booker desperately desired to curry favor with the terrorist group, proposing several options for how he would do so. “The decision to do the suicide bombing was made after the FBI agent induced me to do the research on it and (Omar) highly recommended it,” Booker recalled. By the final months of 2014, Booker had boiled his life down to its bare essentials. He worked full-time, first at Dillons and later at a west Topeka Wal-Mart, and walked miles to pray at the Topeka Islamic Center. Despite his friendlessness, Booker said he enjoyed helping Dillons customers, especially elderly women. Hazim, the imam, found he was powerless to stop Booker’s radical leanings. As he taught moderation and a peaceful definition of jihad, Omar preached hatred and violence. “It was a struggle between what I was trying to teach him and the informant the FBI gave him. The young man was divided in his head,” Hazim recalls. The FBI told Hazim about the undercover sting operation, which, they said, was designed to get Booker off the streets before he met actual terrorists with an actual bomb. When Booker and Omar met again in mid-December, they began discussing ways for Booker to impress IS and join its ranks. One plan, according to the FBI, was to kill U.S. Army soldiers with guns and grenades at a military base. Another was to capture a high-ranking officer and force him, on video, to announce the arrival of IS in America. A third plan called for Booker to create a video announcing he would slaughter U.S. Army soldiers one by one in the streets. “It was a struggle between what I was trying to teach him and the informant the FBI gave him. The young man was divided in his head." There is no evidence that Booker had the wherewithal to accomplish any of this. He had no gun, no vehicle, no access to military bases and no experience or training with explosives. Not only would he need a list of bomb-making materials and instructions on how to obtain them, he also needed someone to construct the bomb, arm the bomb, give him a vehicle and show him where to go. Booker had the motive, but not the means, for martyrdom. He also had few expendable funds while working low-wage jobs at grocery and department stores. That's where Alexander Blair came in. Born with a heart defect, Alex was adopted by Jane and Thomas Blair when he was three days old. His seventh chromosome was missing, leaving him with scoliosis and a rare developmental disorder, Williams syndrome, defined by learning disabilities and developmental delays coupled with high levels of friendliness and affability. The result is a kind young man with rosy pink cheeks who craves social contact but often alienates strangers with excessive conversation and eye contact. “Sometimes I think we did too much for him growing up,” Jane Blair recalls. Her son did not walk or talk until he was three and required surgeries to his eyes and back. When the Blairs were told swimming could hasten his development, they installed an in-ground pool and took him to the Menninger Foundation, where he was further diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. At school, Blair hugged his special education teachers and bus drivers but was bullied by fellow students. Beginning at age eight and lasting into adulthood, he paid people to be his friend. He nearly committed suicide in high school, placing a loaded gun to his right temple and pulling the hammer back but not pressing the trigger. Blair enjoyed video games but had an aversion to some of their more violent moments. He played the infamously violent “Grand Theft Auto” series but refused to shoot innocent people in the game. He opted against playing other first-person shooter games, such as “Call of Duty.” Like Booker, Blair considers himself an independent person, in his words a “nomad by spirit.” He changed churches six times in a dozen years, moving on every time he felt uncomfortable, which was often. He gave Hinduism and Buddhism a try but they didn’t stick. His interest in Islam lasted just a few months in early 2015 and was due, in large part, to the religion’s insistence on praying five times each day, a routine Blair found soothing. In a dark irony, Blair sought out Islam in an attempt to reduce his Islamophobia and, as he later told a psychiatrist, to “recognize that not all Muslims are terrorists.” Terrorists were “stupid asses,” according to Blair, and similar to Adolph Hitler or the Ku Klux Klan. Stephen Peterson, a psychiatrist who interviewed Blair for five hours, said he has auditory experiences that seem like hallucinations. They accompany Blair’s three personalities: “Alex,” a protector who helps him feel safe, “Evan,” described as a passionate lover, and his dark side: “Blair.” Blair, according to Peterson’s patient, is “bat s--- crazy and scary.” Blair enlisted and served in the U.S. military before being medically discharged from the Air Force due to his scoliosis and anxiety. His conversion to Islam came in January 2015 at the Topeka Islamic Center. It was there that he met Booker and became the young man’s only friend. “Did I like it? No, I didn’t. But, he asked me for help. I helped him.” Beyond their newfound faith, the two shared loneliness brought on by medical conditions. Booker has bipolar disorder, though he rejects suggestions by some that he is schizophrenic as well. For Blair, it is Williams syndrome. Marisa Fisher, an assistant professor of psychology at Michigan State University and leading expert on Williams syndrome, says the disorder’s effects are problematic for patients. Their overwhelming need for friendship makes them susceptible to victimization. They go along with dangerous ideas. “They don’t want to hurt someone’s feelings or seem rude,” Fisher said, a reference to what Peterson calls Blair’s “puppy syndrome” or tendency to latch on to those who show him positive feedback. In a 2015 study, Fisher and co-authors wrote, “The tendency to approach strangers increases the likelihood that the individual will engage a stranger with ill intentions or the individual may be more willing to walk away with a stranger who presents a lure.” Within months of meeting Booker, Blair had been lured by both his new friend and Omar, who he did not know. Though he made it clear to Booker that he had no interest in jihad, Blair had a difficult time saying no to other requests. “Did I like it? No, I didn’t,” he later told federal agents. “But, he asked me for help. I helped him.” Editor’s note: This is the first story in a two-part series. The second story can be read in print and online Monday. FBI informants, mental illness are common in Islamic State cases like John Booker Jr.’s Advertisement Most Popular News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 23:22 Rep. Mike Pompeo, a Wichita Republican, chosen by Donald Trump to head the CIA News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 11:48 USD 501 names Jardine Elementary principal News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 23:22 Kansas judicial branch requests $20 million for salary increases News Fri, 11/18/2016 - 20:00 Advisors Excel, Payless donate coats and shoes to Sheldon Head Start students   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Sun, 11/20/2016 - 09:10 More than 100 killed in India train wreck Sun, 11/20/2016 - 09:10 Trump repeats demand for apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast Sat, 11/19/2016 - 22:52 Fresh food as close as your local parking lot Sat, 11/19/2016 - 23:18 American Radical: John Booker Jr. and the FBI plot to imprison him Load more Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 66 24 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Best apps to get Black Friday deals Go on, shop from bed. Post to Facebook Best apps to get Black Friday deals Go on, shop from bed.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fFPj5j {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Best apps to get Black Friday deals Marc Saltzman , USA TODAY 12:31 p.m. EST November 19, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Marc Saltzman delivers this week's Surf Report breaking down the best apps to help you navigate Black Friday deals. Rather than use your real credit card while shopping online, SudoPay helps you create an anonymous, virtual card to use. (Photo: SudoPay) Calling in sick on November 25? You’re not alone. Bargain hunters might just develop a nasty head cold on Black Friday to take advantage of slashed prices ahead of the holiday season. If you’re looking to buy gifts for family, friends, and coworkers, or want to treat yourself to something new, there are deals to be had on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. To help get the best price possible, there are a few “must have” shopping apps to download from Google Play (for Android devices) or App Store (for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch). Whether you’re shopping at retail or the “endless aisles” at online stores, the following are a few of my favorites. Flipp A flyer and coupon aggregator, this app helps sniff out the best deals near you.  (Photo: Flipp) Consider it the ultimate flyer and coupon app: Flipp lets you use your fingertip to flip through the flyers of all your local stores – whether it’s an electronics retailer, clothing store, home improvement center, department store chain, kids place, or supermarket – and you’ll be able to see and save the latest deals, add items to a shopping list, digitally clip coupons to show the cashier, or tap and hold a product to get more information on it. It’s a lot cleaner and more convenient than going through all the paper flyers and coupons we receive every week. Plus, you can also do a keyword search on something you want, browse by category, or use a touch slider to only see more aggressive discounts. Flipp is also a loyalty card holder, so you can load all those rewards cards and then leave the plastic at home. Ebates Earn cash back on places you’ll shop at anyway. Ebates supports thousands of popular stores and marketplaces like Amazong, eBay and Groupon.  (Photo: Ebates) Saving money is great, but what if you could earn cash back by shopping? That’s the concept behind Ebates, an app and website that gives you a percentage back of your purchase every time you shop online through participating retailers and marketplaces – and there are more than 2,000 of them. To get going, sign up for a free account, and then start shopping where you would normally – places like Amazon, Macys, Kohls, Walmart, eBay, JCPenney, and Groupon, to name just a few – and you’ll start accumulating cash that can be sent to you via check or deposited into a PayPal account. Each store offers a different cash back percentage, typically ranging from 2% to 6 %, but expect the percentage to climb as high as 40% this time of year. Ebates says stores pay them a commission for sending you there – so you always need to start by launching the Ebates app or visiting the website – and then Ebates shares a portion of the fee with you. SudoPay/SudoApp SudoPay: Rather than use your real credit card while shopping online, SudoPay helps you create an anonymous, virtual card to use.  (Photo: SudoPay) Launched just in time for the holiday shopping season, SudoPay creates a virtual MasterCard for you to shop online with – based on a credit or debit card you already have enabled through Apple Pay – so you can buy what you like without fear of data breaches or hacks that could lead to identity theft. Available for iPhone users but with an Android version in the works, SudoPay also lets you customize your virtual card’s appearance and the dollar amount, ranging from $10 to $1000, and if you like, you can also create and text someone a personalized gift card to their phone, even if they don't have SudoPay. To use SudoPay and its companion app, SudoApp, costs are about 4.5% of the total amount of the virtual card you create – a small price to pay for peace of mind while giving out a credit card number to online merchants over Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and the holidays. eBay Bid, buy, and sell on eBay and its redesigned app for mobile devices.  (Photo: Ebay Corp.) Don’t forget about online marketplaces, such as eBay, and its newly-updated app makes it easy to browse, search, buy, and sell. Contrary to popular belief, not all goods on eBay are “previously enjoyed” – in fact, roughly 80% are brand new, says the company — and if you don't want to bid for something, many items can be purchased outright (look for the “Buy It Now” icon). It’s also easy to find specific deals tied to Black Friday and Cyber Monday, including discounts on top brands and with free shipping, plus there’s an improved search feature, personalized recommendations based on your shopping habits, and the ability to follow your favorite sellers to see when the products you want are available and on sale. If you’re selling stuff – perhaps to make cash for holiday shopping – you can now use your phone to scan the product’s barcode to help auto-create a listing. Follow Marc on Twitter: @marc_saltzman. E-mail him at askmarcsaltzman@gmail.com. 66 CONNECTTWEET 24 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fFPj5j
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 20, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 42° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future Story Comments Image (4) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Janet Blackmon Morgan Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future ADVANCE FOR SATURDAY, NOV. 18 AND THEREAFTER - A Friday, Nov 11, 2016 photo shows cotton plants damaged by Hurricane Matthew at Ronald Rabon's Double R Farms in Aynor, SC. Rabon said he yielded only 100 acres of 700 acres of cotton this year because of the wind and rain from the storm. The wind blew most of the crop from the plants. The rain forced the rest on the plants to hard lock, not blossom, so it was a loss too. (Janet Blackmon Morgan/The Sun News via AP) Janet Blackmon Morgan Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future ADVANCE FOR SATURDAY, NOV. 18 AND THEREAFTER - In a Friday, Nov 11, 2016 photo, Ronald Rabon of Double R Farms in Aynor, SC., surveys the damage to his cotton crop from Hurricane Matthew. Rabon said he yielded only 100 acres of 700 acres of cotton this year because of the wind and rain from the storm. The wind blew most of the crop from the plants. The rain forced the rest on the plants to hard lock, not blossom, so it was a loss too. (Janet Blackmon Morgan/The Sun News via AP) Janet Blackmon Morgan Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future ADVANCE FOR SATURDAY, NOV. 18 AND THEREAFTER - In a Friday, Nov 11, 2016 photo, Ronald Rabon of Double R Farms in Aynor, SC., surveys the damage to his cotton crop from Hurricane Matthew. Rabon said he yielded only 100 acres of 700 acres of cotton this year because of the wind and rain from the storm. The wind blew most of the crop from the plants. The rain forced the rest on the plants to hard lock, not blossom, so it was a loss too.(Janet Blackmon Morgan/The Sun News via AP) Janet Blackmon Morgan Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future ADVANCE FOR SATURDAY, NOV. 18 AND THEREAFTER - A Friday, Nov 11, 2016 photo shows a cotton plant damaged by Hurricane Matthew at Ronald Rabon's Double R Farms in Aynor, SC. Rabon said he yielded only 100 acres of 700 acres of cotton this year because of the wind and rain from the storm. The wind blew most of the crop from the plants. The rain forced the rest on the plants to hard lock, not blossom, so it was a loss too. (Janet Blackmon Morgan/The Sun News via AP) Posted: Saturday, November 19, 2016 6:50 pm Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future Associated Press | AYNOR, S.C. (AP) — The Double R Farm has produced abundant crops for four generations of Rabon family farmers here, and despite the double whammy of record rains during the October harvest last year and last month's hurricane, they are determined to weather the hardship. "I'll do whatever I gotta do, even if it means I'm worn out and broke," says Ronald Rabon. "But if I make it this year, it will take a miracle from the Lord." Tropical storm-force winds and 12 inches of rain from Hurricane Matthew battered 700 acres of his cotton just as the bolls began to open, resulting in hardlock that made picking nearly impossible. They were able to salvage about 100 acres, mostly from farm lands tucked among wooded areas protected from the wind. Instead of 1,400 bales of cotton this year, the Rabons will likely end up with about 450 bales. "I've lost more money than I made in two years," Rabon said. The Rabons and farmers across the state were hit by a drought last year, and after months of praying for rain, the heavens opened in early October and dropped about 14 inches in 24 hours. Farmers in Horry County racked up $9 million in damages, while statewide the amount topped $530 million. William Hardee III, Clemson University's area agronomy agent for Horry County, said farmers were on the path for a perfect crop this year, until Matthew hit. Cotton was hit; soybeans and peanut crops were also severely damaged, Hardee said. "We needed a perfect year to make up for last year, but this took our chance away," Hardee said. Although the final damage assessment has not been tallied, Hardee said it appears that the hurricane will not exceed last year's drought and record flood destruction of crops. "It's not doom and gloom, not the devastation we saw last year, but it was bad for a lot of folks, worse for some others," Hardee said. Out of 600 acres of cotton planted last year, the Rabons salvaged 200 acres that amounted to less than 350 bales. "Now I'm telling you, it's been tough," said the patriarch of the family, 86-year-old Dock Rabon. Gov. Nikki Haley vetoed $40 million in farm aid this spring, calling it an industry bailout, prompting a backlash from farmers and lawmakers who voted to overturn her decision. That funding eventually paid about 25 percent of Rabon's losses, and he was forced to refinance the 1,200 acre farm. "I expected to make it up this year, but the cotton hit the dirt. And what didn't fall, hardlocked. It ain't looking good," Rabon said. Nearly 800 farmers in Horry County have applied for assistance from the U.S. Department of Agriculture because of damage caused by Hurricane Matthew. However, direct payments for damaged crops were eliminated in the 2014 Farm Bill, so aid is limited to emergency conservation problems, property damage, debris removal, leveling land or repairing fences for livestock. State agriculture officials are still assessing the recent damage and officials are mum on whether any financial assistance will be forthcoming. "Two years in a row is rough," says Jared Martin, who estimates he lost half of his 300-acre peanut crops due to Hurricane Matthew. "We've got to have some help, I can't handle no more," said Martin. "Insurance don't pay nothing, and our government just ain't helping." Martin and his father at the D and J Farm managed to pay their bills last year, with only $2,000 left to split between them. This year, Martin says he will break even. "I'm working all year for nothing," Martin said. Rabon and Martin are uncertain about their future in farming, and Martin isn't willing to commit to planting crops next year. "All I know is farming, but I guess I could go to Walmart and shake some hands," Rabon said. Rabon has already reached out to state and federal lawmakers to let them know the severity of the damage, but he's counting on private refinancing to pull him through to farm another year. "In all the years I've farmed, I've never had to call my congressperson or governor for help, we've always made a living," Rabon said. Rabon says he's not looking for a free handout, but unless the Farm Bill is amended, he says farmers won't be able to survive severe natural disasters, like the back-to-back harvest storms. "When I'm dead, it's over," Rabon said. "My kids can't make a living farming, and I don't blame them. They watched me go broke and wore out." And when that happens, he asked, "Who will feed this country?" ___ Information from: The Sun News, http://www.thesunnews.com/ © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News ARTICLE: Victory doesn't mean Poliquin is giving up his Murphy bed WADA to Russia: Accept doping blame, stop being obstructive WADA to Russia: Accept doping blame, stop being obstructive ARTICLE: WADA to Russia: Accept doping blame, stop being obstructive Report: German Chancellor Merkel's to seek fourth term More about Hurricane Matthew 2016 ARTICLE: Best weather satellite ever built rockets into space Best weather satellite ever built rockets into space Best weather satellite ever built rockets into space Best weather satellite ever built rockets into space Best weather satellite ever built rockets into space More about Tropical Storm Bill 2015 Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Saturday, November 19, 2016 6:50 pm. | Tags: General News, Hurricane Matthew 2016, Tropical Storm Bill 2015, Agriculture, Natural Disasters, Weather, Emergency Management, Property Damage, Accidents And Disasters, Events, Storms, Business, Industry Regulation, Government Business And Finance, Government And Politics, Government Regulations, Commodity Markets, Financial Markets | Location Tags: South Carolina, Myrtle Beach, United States, North America Similar Stories After lengthy drift, Haiti votes for new leader Photographer captures images of immigrants from all nations Victory doesn't mean Poliquin is giving up his Murphy bed Some worry Connecticut lost political clout with election Charity to provide $100M for Philadelphia parks, libraries Most Read Sheriff Donald Valenza describes search for Amanda Bond Dale County jailer charged with trying to smuggle drugs into jail Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered Four Dothan schools score among best in state on ACT Aspire test UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Videos Editor's Picks Will a Trump presidency be good for farmers? While President-elect Donald Trump can’t do anything about the drought, local peanut farmers are “cautiously optimistic” a Trump … Arkansas State blasts No. 25 Troy with strong second half TROY – What began as a defensive slugfest between Arkansas State and No. 25 Troy Thursday ended in a rout thanks to an outstandin… Dothan's Granger inks with AU Equestrian team When she was 8 years old, Terri-June Granger received a horse at Christmas. Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 46,903 Trump's scandal-free son-in-law crosses aisle into his presidency Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy How retailers plan to get shoppers in stores this Black Friday By Catherine Curan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) November 19, 2016 | 6:41pm Modal Trigger Photo: AP More On: black friday Woodbury Common is hooking up shoppers with Black Friday helicopter rides More retailers plan to be closed on Thanksgiving Christmas sales figures are the best in at least five years Online shopping is useful even at the store Target has a secret for Black Friday: Buy a holiday gift from the chain online, and you’ll get it from a brick-and-mortar store. As the make-or-break holiday selling season kicks off Friday, 1,060 Target stores will ship online orders directly to customers. That’s up more than sevenfold from 2014. Invisible to shoppers, this move slashes delivery times and costs, while helping turn hundreds of stores nationwide from a potential liability into a competitive tool for additional sales. “Leveraging our stores as flexible fulfillment centers … to deliver the last mile, we think that’s a huge competitive advantage,” said Target Chief Executive Brian Cornell in the company’s third-quarter earnings conference call. Brick-and-mortar retailers will need every advantage they can find, despite a rosy forecast from Deloitte calling for holiday revenues to rise as much as 4 percent, to more than $1 trillion. However, the Deloitte report expects online holiday shopping sales to jump up roughly 19 percent, to $98 billion. To compete with Amazon, stores are trying to create a seamless shopping experience online or in-store, while offering steep discounts and exclusive merchandise — plus hearty helpings of the holiday hoopla that pulls shoppers in the doors. “Our hope is that … improving service in our stores, as well as improvements in our apps, will help … traffic,” Chief Financial Officer Karen Hoguet said during Macy’s third-quarter earnings call. While serving up a dizzying selection of discounts, retailers are stretching the definition of Black Friday. Macy’s began its Black Friday preview sale on Nov. 17, and will offer those deals in stores on Thanksgiving at 5 p.m. Walmart started listing Black Friday discounts on its app 10 days ago, and most deals will be available on its Web site at 12:01 Thanksgiving morning. Price cuts alone aren’t enough. Target has increased its new and exclusive assortment of toys 15 percent, to roughly 1,800 items. Walmart has more than 400 toy exclusives, including a $398 Disney Princess carriage, and has stocked more than 1.5 million TVs. Best Buy and Target are offering free shipping for the entire holiday season, and Amazon has upped its game: Customers who’ve paid an annual membership fee can receive more than 100 Black Friday sale items in an hour or less in Brooklyn, Manhattan and 29 other metro areas, a 50 percent increase from last year. But, for now at least, there’s one important holiday shopping highlight you can’t get online. On Black Friday, Macy’s Herald Square opens its 13,000-square-foot Santaland, one of seven nationwide that attract millions of customers every year. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under black friday ,  online shopping ,  retail ,  shopping ,  target Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next There's now an app that will park your car for you Read Next There's now an app that will park your car for you Most Popular This Week 1 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 2 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 3 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 4 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 5 VP-elect Mike Pence booed at 'Hamilton' 6 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com Now On The Obamas are going bicoastal Kanye pulls a Kanye with rant-filled concert cut short Even Emma Stone gets excited when Ryan Gosling texts her SEE ALL Video :42 Street fight gets crazier when a car smashes through a storefront More Stories pagesix Mariah Carey shuts down settlement talks with ex-fiancé Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
null
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Top News / U.S. News Hate incidents since election tapering off, now top 700 in online survey By Eric DuVall   |   Updated Nov. 19, 2016 at 3:51 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo WASHINGTON, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- Incidents of racial hate and other forms of discrimination since the election now top 700 in an anecdotal survey being conducted by he Southern Poverty Law Center, though the frequency of reports has declined significantly since the immediate aftermath of Donald Trump's election. In total, the SPLC reports 701 incidents were reported through the "Report Hate" page on its website since the Nov. 8 election. Sixty-five percent of the incidents -- some of which were verified by law enforcement or media reports and some of which remain anecdotal accounts -- took place in the three days following the election. By the middle of this week, the group said only a handful of incidents were being reported per day. The law center said the most frequent form of hateful incidents were anti-immigrant, with 206 such reports. Second was anti-black, with 151 reports. There were 80 anti-LGBT incidents reported. Other forms included incidents directed at Muslims, women and swastika-related graffiti. The Southern Poverty Law Center said 40 percent of all reports it received took place in an educational setting, either in kindergarten through 12th grade, or on college campuses. However, the group said hate incidents have cropped up in virtually every setting. "They've been everywhere -- in schools, in places of business like Walmart, on the street," SPLC President Richard Cohen told CNN. Trump was asked about the rash of race-related incidents and addressed those responsible directly. "If it helps, I will say this, and I will say right to the cameras: Stop it," Trump said. Though much smaller in numbers, the Southern Poverty Law Center said it had received 27 reports of hate speech directed at Trump supporters in the days since the election, as well. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Zuckerberg outlines steps to cut down on 'fake' Facebook news stories Donald Trump says Tom Brady 'totally innocent' in Deflategate 'Hamilton' star addresses Mike Pence from stage after show; Donald Trump demands apology Comments Topics: 2016 Election, Donald Trump Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Next Article Dallas child killer mentally fit for execution next month, judge rules Latest Headlines Melania and Barron not moving to D.C. when Donald Trump becomes president 38 minutes ago NEW YORK, Nov. 20 (UPI) -- Donald Trump's wife Melania and their 10-year-old son Barron will stay in New York after Trump moves to Washington, D.C., in January to serve as U.S. president. Obama officials want National Security Agency chief, possible Trump cabinet pick Mike Rogers fired 1 hour ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 20 (UPI) -- National Security Agency director Adm. Mike Rogers, a potential pick for national intelligence director by Donald Trump, might be fired from his job. Two teens in custody for shooting death of Congressman Danny Davis' grandson 2 hours ago CHICAGO, Nov. 20 (UPI) -- Two teenagers are in custody in connection with the shooting death of Jovan Wilson, Congressman Danny Davis' 15-year-old grandson, Chicago police said. Georgia firefighter dies rescuing victims after ramp collapse 2 hours ago SAVANNAH, Ga., Nov. 20 (UPI) -- A Georgia firefighter has died after attempting to save people who fell from a collapsed dock ramp. Donald Trump, Mitt Romney meet amid speculation on secretary of state job 19 hours ago BEDMINSTER, N.J., Nov. 19 (UPI) -- President-elect Donald Trump and Mitt Romney, one of his mot severe critics inside the Republican Party, met for what Trump described as a "great" sit-down. New York debt collection company co-owner pleads guilty in $31M scheme 1 day ago NEW YORK, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- The co-owner of a Buffalo, N.Y.-based debt-collection firm and 13 other company employees pleaded guilty to the largest debt collection scheme ever prosecuted Deputy U.S. marshal, suspect shot dead in Georgia gun battle 1 day ago LUDOWICI, Ga., Nov. 19 (UPI) -- A U.S. Marshal who was part of a law enforcement team trying to capture a fugitive in Georgia was shot and killed Friday in a gun battle, authorities said. Four dead in Nevada medical aircraft crash 1 day ago ELKO, Nev., Nov. 19 (UPI) -- Four people died when a medical transport airplane crashed in a parking lot in Elko, Nev., sparking multiple explosions and a fire. Grandson of U.S. House member fatally shot in Chicago home invasion 1 day ago CHICAGO, Nov. 19 (UPI) -- The 15-year-old grandson of U.S. Rep. Danny Davis was shot in the head and killed Friday, possibly in a dispute over gym shoes. Obama administration's final drilling plan means trouble for Trump's Arctic vision 1 day ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Donald Trump's desire to expand Arctic offshore drilling is going to be a bit difficult now, after the government released its final drilling plan Friday. Trending Stories Swiss fighter jets seen escorting Russian government plane Donald Trump, Mitt Romney meet amid speculation on secretary of state job New York debt collection company co-owner pleads guilty in $31M scheme Pope Francis confirms 17 new cardinals, cautions against raising walls Georgia firefighter dies rescuing victims after ramp collapse UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Investing Specialists Morningstar Runs the Numbers We take a numerical look through this week's Morningstar research. Plus, our most popular articles and videos for the week ended Nov. 18. PrintCommentRecommend (-) By Morningstar.com | 11-19-16 | 05:00 AM | Email Article Inspired by Harper's Index (with a tip of the hat to FiveThirtyEight's Significant Digits blog), Morningstar Runs the Numbers uses a numbers-based approach to highlight recent Morningstar research, along with some outside news stories. About the Author Morningstar.com offers coverage of 950 stocks, 1,150 mutual funds, and 300 ETFs, plus market news, economic analysis, portfolio-planning insights, and investment commentary. Contact Author | Meet other investing specialists 2% Inflation expectations have been rising (to over 2% by some measures) since the election due to the expected combination of infrastructure spending and tax cuts. Karen Wallace wrote this week on what the market expects inflation to look like. Another market-based gauge of inflation is the 5-year, 5-year forward inflation expectation rate, which also shows an increase in expected inflation. It jumped from 1.89% on Nov. 8 to 1.97% on Nov. 9, and was over 2% as of Nov. 10. As the name implies, clumsily, this is an expectation of inflation over the five-year period that begins five years from today. Some prefer this measure to the [TIPS] breakeven inflation rate, because longer-term inflation expectations tend not to be as affected by cyclical factors. $1 trillion The market seems to think Donald Trump's campaign pledge to spend $1 trillion over 10-years on infrastructure has a good chance of happening. But Kristoffer Inton thinks the package isn't a done deal and that given the run-up in share prices of building materials firms there isn't much investment opportunity today. We’re skeptical that the touted $1 trillion infrastructure spending plan will be executed in its proposed form. We think the shares of these companies are now pricing in significant growth, and we see little risk-adjusted upside at this time. 13% Only 13% of actively managed equity funds beat a comparable Vanguard index fund on an after-tax basis for the 10-years ending June 2016 per a new Morningstar study. Jeff Ptak concludes that this means trying to buy active stock funds in a taxable account is a bad idea. Most U.S. active equity funds failed to beat a relevant Vanguard index fund before and after taxes. This is not an isolated occurrence, as the clear majority of these funds have failed to beat a comparable index fund over most of the 10-year periods we studied. Given these long odds, investors should think twice about putting taxable money to work in active stock funds. 9  Wal-Mart reported its ninth consecutive quarter of positive U.S. same store sales growth this week. Erin Lash thinks the continued investments in the business (which are weighing on profits) remain prudent and that shares are starting to look attractive. We don’t expect to materially alter our $76 per share fair value estimate for wide-moat Wal-Mart after third-quarter results that included a more than 2% bump in local currency sales but a nearly 60-basis-point erosion in operating margin to 4.3%. Despite the near-term hit to profits, we’ve long thought that the firm’s decision to ramp up investments behind people and technology is essential for the long-term health of the business, and we view this spending as prudent to support its leading competitive edge. Negative 0.2%  Target , on the other hand, saw its same-store sales decline 0.2% in the quarter. This is an improvement though form the 1.1% decline seen in the second quarter. However, the bigger story was the jump in operating margins after the sale of the pharmacy business and other efforts to cut costs. Erin Lash thinks the profit gain is "notable" but she doesn't see the stock as attractively priced today. 17%  Home Depot's earnings per share jumped 17% in the third quarter, bucking the trend seen in weak results from some of the firm's key vendors like Sherwin-Williams and Whirlpool. Jaime Katz urges investors to be cautious in projecting these strong results indefinitely into the future.  Admittedly, these metrics are stellar considering we are well into a multi-year housing recovery that we expect will continue through the end of the decade but at a much slower pace than in the recent past. We think the election throws another layer of complexity into forecasting for the business, as Donald Trump's policies are likely to help U.S. domiciled businesses but hinder interest rates, potentially leading to slower housing turnover and slower growth (or possible declines) in housing prices, potentially changing the demand for home improvement longer term. We are considering these factors as offsets today and plan to maintain our $125 fair value estimate, rendering shares as fairly valued, trading at 18 times our 2017 estimate. Our main concern is that top-line growth will slow as improvement in the housing market slows, causing bottom-line growth to taper, as well. Most Popular Articles, Videos, and Securities Most Popular Articles Trump's Election Raises Visa Concerns for IT Services Firms What Trump's Election Means for Industrials Is the DOL Fiduciary Rule Really So Bad? Ultimate Stock-Pickers' Top 10 High-Conviction Picks and New-Money Buys Investing Taxable Money in Active Stock Funds? Bad Idea Most Popular Videos  Weekly Wrap: How Trump's Win Affects Stocks Retirees: Beware of Complacency Today’s Undervalued and Overvalued Sectors Lessons From Two Market Cycles Why Tax-Loss Selling Can Be a Worthwhile Strategy Most Requested Stock Quotes Apple Berkshire Hathaway AT&T Amazon Disney  Most Requested Stock Analyses Allergan Gilead Sciences Teva Pharmaceutical Apple Amgen Most Requested Fund Quotes Vanguard 500 Index Fidelity Contrafund Vanguard Dividend Growth Dodge & Cox Stock Vanguard Wellesley Income  Most Requested Fund Analyses Vanguard Wellington T. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation Dodge & Cox Stock Vanguard Inflation-Protected Securities Vanguard Dividend Growth Most Requested ETF Quotes SPDR S&P 500 Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF Vanguard REIT ETF Vanguard Total Bond Market Vanguard High Dividend Yield  Most Requested ETF Analyses Vanguard Total Bond Market ETF Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF Vanguard REIT ETF iShares TIPS Bond Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF Return to Discuss Securities mentioned in this article Ticker Price($) Change(%) Morningstar Rating Morningstar Analyst Report With Morningstar Analyst reports you can get our expert Buy/Sell opinions on over 3,900 Stock and Funds Morningstar.com does not own shares in any of the securities mentioned above. Find out about Morningstar's editorial policies. Video Reports Weekly Wrap: AT&T Deal... More Videos... Most Popular Related News Also in Investing Specialists The Trouble with TIPS (and Some Workarounds)Inflation Accelerates, but It Isn’t the 1970s Again8 Questions for RMD SeasonHow Trump Has Changed Inflation ExpectationsUltimate Stock-Pickers' Top 10 High-Conviction Picks and New-Money Buys Sponsored Links Sponsor Center Please Wait... 781428 USA_DODGX,USA_PRWCX,USA_VDIGX,USA_VWELX,USA_VIPSX,USA_WMT,USA_AAPL,USA_AMGN,USA_HD,USA_TGT,USA_GILD,USA_AGN,USA_TEVA,USA_TIP,USA_VNQ,USA_VIG,USA_VYM,USA_BND FO_USA_DODGX FO_USA_PRWCX FO_USA_VDIGX FO_USA_VWELX FO_USA_VIPSX E0_USA_WMT E0_USA_AAPL E0_USA_AMGN E0_USA_HD E0_USA_TGT E0_USA_GILD E0_USA_AGN E0_USA_TEVA FE_USA_TIP FE_USA_VNQ FE_USA_VIG FE_USA_VYM FE_USA_BND &primaryKeyword= 2 {CommentWebService} Content Partners Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Gander Mountain Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Posted: Nov 19 2016, 9:03am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Gander Mountain Black Friday 2016 Ad   The Gander Mountain Black Friday 2016 deals are revealed. The Gander Mountain Black Friday 2016 sale begins already at 8am on Thanksgiving Day. On Black Friday the Gander Mountain stores open early at 5am and keep open late until 11pm. Don't Miss: Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Deals Customers who spend $100 or more get a $20 Gander Cash credit on Thanksgiving Day. Deals featured in the 16 page ad are across hunting gear and outdoor equipment. The Gander Mountain Black Friday 2016 Ad is available on GottaDeals. Gander Mountain Company, Inc. is headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota and is a retail network of stores for hunting, fishing, camping, and other outdoor recreation products and services. There are 152 Gander Mountain stores in 26 states. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. See the Black Friday 2016 deals advertised in the big four Black Friday 2016 ads below: Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad   Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 17 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 17 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 17 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 44 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Area store hours for Thanksgiving, Black Friday At least 45 stores in the Richmond area will participate in Black Friday this year, a majority of them major retailers. Post to Facebook Area store hours for Thanksgiving, Black Friday At least 45 stores in the Richmond area will participate in Black Friday this year, a majority of them major retailers.  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2fFXfDH {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Area store hours for Thanksgiving, Black Friday Mickey Shuey , mshuey@gannett.com 6:06 p.m. EST November 19, 2016 Buy Photo Shoppers wait to gain entry into Victoria's Secret early on Black Friday. (Photo: Mike Emery/Palladium-Item)Buy Photo 44 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE At least 45 stores in the Richmond area will participate in Black Friday this year, a majority of them major retailers. About two dozen will begin "the biggest sale day of the year" a day early again this year, on Thanksgiving Day. Here is a listing of when each of the stores contacted by The Palladium-Item said they would be open to shoppers. Meijer Open 24 hours Sale starts at 6 a.m.; through Friday at midnight Kmart Opens 6 a.m.; through Friday at midnight Dollar General Open 7 a.m.-10 p.m.; reopens Friday at 8 a.m. Big Lots Open 7 a.m.-midnight.; reopens Friday at 6 a.m. CVS Open 8 a.m.-10 p.m.; reopens Friday at 8 a.m. Walgreens Open 8 a.m.-10 p.m.; reopens Friday at 8 a.m. JCPenney Opens at 3 p.m.; runs through Friday at 11 p.m. Best Buy Open 5 p.m.-1 a.m.; reopens Friday at 8 a.m. Elder Beerman Opens at 5 p.m.; through Friday at 10 p.m. Dunham's Sports Opens at 5 p.m.; through Friday at 10 p.m. Hibbett Sports Richmond Square Mall Open 6-11 p.m.; reopens 7 a.m. Friday Claire's Boutique Richmond Square Mall Open 6-11:30 p.m.; reopens 6 a.m. Friday Justice Richmond Square Mall Open 6 p.m.-midnight; reopens 6 a.m. Friday Finish Line Richmond Square Mall Open 6 p.m.-midnight; reopens 8 a.m. Friday Shoebilee Richmond Square Mall Open 6 p.m.-midnight; reopens 8 a.m. Friday Dick's Sporting Goods Open 6 p.m.-2 a.m.; reopens Friday at 5 a.m. Journeys Richmond Square Mall Open 6 p.m.-2 a.m.; reopens Friday at 5 a.m. Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 p.m.; through Friday at 10 p.m. Individual store hours, listed, vary American Eagle Outfitters Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 p.m.; through Friday at 10 p.m. Victoria's Secret Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 p.m.; through Friday at 10 p.m. Kohl's Opens at 6 p.m.; through Friday at midnight Walmart Open 24 hours Starts at 6 p.m.; through Friday at midnight Stores opening Friday These stores will have one-day sales on Black Friday and are listed in the order in which they will open. Game Stop Opens at 5 a.m. Trinity Christian Store Opens at 5 a.m. Lowes Home Improvement Opens at 6 a.m. Jo-Ann Fabrics Opens at 6 a.m. Bath & Body Works Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 a.m. Christopher & Banks Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 a.m. GNC Live Well Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 a.m. Maurices Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 a.m. Rogers Jeweler Richmond Square Mall Opens at 6 a.m. Menard's Opens at 6 a.m. T.J. Maxx Opens at 7 a.m. Dillard's Opens at 8 a.m. Hobby Lobby Opens at 8 a.m. Nirvana Richmond Square Mall Opens at 8 a.m. Luxe Lizzies Opens at 9 a.m. Warm Glow Candle Opens at 9 a.m. Bullerdick Furniture Opens at 9:30 a.m. Esmond's Shoes Opens at 9:30 a.m. Richmond Furniture Gallery Opens at 9:30 a.m. Veach's Toy Station Opens at 10 a.m. Embellish Opens at 10 a.m. 765 Clothing Opens at 10 a.m. Dance With Me Bridal & Formal Wear Opens at 11 a.m. Ply Fiber Arts Opens at 11 a.m. Palladium-Item business reporter Mickey Shuey will provide live coverage of #BlackFriday47374 starting 3 p.m. Thursday. To leave tips for places he should visit or stories to follow, call (765) 973-4472. You can follow the coverage on pal-item.com, Shuey's Twitter (@MickeyShueyPI) and at facebook.com/mickeyshuey. PAL-ITEM Local stores gearing up for big Black Friday   44 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2fFXfDH More Stories For the Record Nov. 19, 2016, 8:45 a.m. Sheriff: Argument over drugs leads to shooting Nov. 18, 2016, 4:58 p.m. Man flees as drug task force serves warrant Nov. 18, 2016, 5:10 p.m.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life Obituaries Opinion Travel Insider Archives USA Today Media Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search Social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 15 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Some restaurants to stay open on Thanksgiving While most area restaurants will be closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, some plan to stay open. Here's a list. Post to Facebook Some restaurants to stay open on Thanksgiving While most area restaurants will be closed for the Thanksgiving holiday, some plan to stay open. Here's a list.  Check out this story on pal-item.com: http://pinews.co/2fG3o2A {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Some restaurants to stay open on Thanksgiving Mickey Shuey , mshuey@gannett.com 1 p.m. EST November 19, 2016 Mouth-watering golden roasted turkey over white background, no garnish.. (Photo: evgenyb, Getty Images/iStockphoto) Although most area restaurants will be closed on Thanksgiving, there are some places that plan to stay open to give early shoppers, and those who would prefer not to cook, a way to still get food on the national holiday. The Palladium-Item compiled a list of at least 19 restaurants in Wayne County that will maintain hours on Thanksgiving, ranging from fast food and delivery, to casual and fancy, sit-down dining. Thanksgiving The following restaurants are scheduled to be open on Thanksgiving. Applebee's 4425 National Road E., Richmond Open 11 a.m.-11 p.m. Bertie's Music Bar 1129 E. Main St., Richmond 9 a.m.-3 a.m. 21-and-up only Bob Evans All area locations 6:30 a.m.-8 p.m. Burger King 4630 National Road E., Richmond Opens at 11 a.m. All other Burger Kings closed Cracker Barrel 6050 National Road E., Richmond 6 a.m.-10 p.m. Domino's All area locations 10:30 a.m.-2 a.m. Fricker's 3237 Chester Blvd., Richmond 5 p.m.-1 a.m. Golden Corral 3625 National Road E., Richmond 10:30 a.m.-9 p.m. Hardee's 1925 Chester Blvd., Richmond 5 a.m.-noon Breakfast only IHOP 540 W. Eaton Pike, Richmond Open 24 hours Lakeview Restaurant 1219 National Road, Cambridge City 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Reservations only, call (765) 478-3661 Little Caesar's All area locations 11 a.m.-10:30 p.m. Old Richmond Inn 138 S. Fifth St., Richmond Opens at 11 a.m. Reservations only, call (765) 962-2247 Papa John's 1520 E. Main St., Richmond 10:15 a.m.-1 a.m. Steak 'n Shake 5901 National Road E., Richmond 7 a.m.-midnight Subway Walmart location only, Richmond 5 p.m.-11 p.m. All other Subways closed Sunshine Cafe 1400 National Road W., Richmond Open 24 hours White Castle 5801 National Road E., Richmond Noon-8 p.m. Willie and Red's 40 E. Main St., Hagerstown 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Reservations only, call (765) 489-4131 Black Friday The following locations will have special operating hours, or will be closed, Black Friday: AJ's Diner 1600 E. Main St., Richmond Closed Lee's Famous Recipe All area locations Closed Square Donuts (east) 3600 block of National Road East, Richmond Opens at 3 a.m. Square Donuts (west) 1241 N.W. Fifth St., Richmond Drive-thru opens at 10 p.m. Thursday Warehouse Cafe 213 N. Third St., Richmond Closed If you know of a restaurant in Wayne County that's not on this list, email mshuey@gannett.com with the restaurant and its hours. We'll update this story online with any suggested restaurants we receive. Palladium-Item business reporter Mickey Shuey will provide live coverage of #BlackFriday47374 starting 3 p.m. Thursday. To leave tips for places he should visit or stories to follow, call (765) 973-4472. You can follow the coverage on pal-item.com, Shuey's Twitter (@MickeyShueyPI) and at facebook.com/mickeyshuey. 15 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://pinews.co/2fG3o2A More Stories For the Record Nov. 19, 2016, 8:45 a.m. Sheriff: Argument over drugs leads to shooting Nov. 18, 2016, 4:58 p.m. Man flees as drug task force serves warrant Nov. 18, 2016, 5:10 p.m.
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Black Friday Will Not Be The Biggest Shopping Day Of 2016, Experts Say Shopping 3 0 0 November 19, 2016 Black Friday Will Not Be The Biggest Shopping Day Of 2016, Experts Say Chris Featherstone Every year, the day after Thanksgiving presents a time of chaos in the world of shopping. From the latest toys, furniture, and appliances, to the latest gadgets, an overwhelming amount of people visit retail stores throughout the entire day. According to The Balance, 74.2 million people shopped on Black Friday in 2015. However, the numbers are declining, as 87 million shopped in 2014, 92 million shopped in 2013, and 85 million shopped in 2011. Because of these numbers, another day seems to potentially eclipse this shopping-day juggernaut. According to Business Insider, the new day for top sales will belong to December 23, two days before Christmas. In addition, Shelley Kohan of RetailNext asserts that “the significance of Black Friday has waned in recent years as retailers have started launching their post-Thanksgiving sales earlier, with many now starting them on Thanksgiving Day.” Kohan has a point. Especially, since many retailers have decided to open their stores on the evening of Thanksgiving to avoid long lines at four or five o’clock in the morning. Small Business Trends also affirms the December 23 date, based on another comment from Kohan. “This year, with Christmas falling on a Sunday, most shoppers will want to cut short their shopping early on Saturday, December 24, leaving the day before, Friday, as retail’s biggest opportunity for sales. For store visits, Super Saturday will lead the way, with Black Friday a very close second.” The history of the term “Black Friday” spans nearly 150 years. Originally, the term was not used for a shopping spree, but a result of the crash in the United States gold market, according to History. However, despite the inaccurate accounts of retailers earning a profit only during the Thanksgiving season, as well as slave owners buying slaves at a discounted rate, History reveals the truth behind the modern-day use of the term. “The true story behind Black Friday, however, is not as sunny as retailers might have you believe. Back in the 1950s, police in the city of Philadelphia used the term to describe the chaos that ensued on the day after Thanksgiving, when hordes of suburban shoppers and tourists flooded into the city in advance of the big Army-Navy football game held on that Saturday every year. Not only would Philly cops not be able to take the day off, but they would have to work extra-long shifts dealing with the additional crowds and traffic. Shoplifters would also take advantage of the bedlam in stores to make off with merchandise, adding to the law enforcement headache.” To add to this, there have been a slew of crime-related incidents that occurred on Black Friday. In 2008, 34-year-old Jdimytai Damour, a temporary seasonal employee at Walmart, was fatally killed during her 5 am shift after about 200 people stampeded the store in hopes to capture the best deals. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="375" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DZWqyU_eUDA?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> In 2013, 61-year-old Ronnie Sharp and 35-year-old Christopher Jackson were arguing over a parking lot space at a Walmart in Claypool Hill, VA. Sharp pulled out a gun, as well as stabbed Jackson in the arm, cutting him down to the bone. Both men were jailed for the incident. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Yzm39Dr7HfY?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Situations such as these elicit great concern for retail stores, and causes many to mandate better policies for shoppers. For instance, Walmart recently sent out a press release, promising a better sales experience for this year’s Black Friday. Their solution is to open earlier, which would hopefully give customers a wider range to find good deals. Even with this, the stigma of Black Friday shopping will not go away, and this is shown by the declining numbers. Along with the growing popularity of Cyber Monday, according to Forbes, along with the popularity of December 23 last-minute shopping, the Black Friday phenomenon seems to be fading away. [Featured Image By Donald Traill/AP Images] Now Read This: ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Chris Featherstone Tags: Black Friday, christmas, Shopping, thanksgiving Comments LATEST HEADLINES Chris Brown To Perform At The AMAs? Fans Beg Singer To Attend American Music Awards Amid New Album Rumors NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 9.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 5 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 66 0 0 Jana Duggar Still The Target Of Cruel Criticism And Rumors As Her Younger Sisters Court And Marry Off 12 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News International U.S.: Indian-American woman faces hate attack after bandana mistaken as 'hijab' U.S.: Indian-American woman faces hate attack after bandana mistaken as 'hijab' Source : Last Updated: Sat, Nov 19, 2016 21:52 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print [U.S.], Nov. 19 (ANI): The fears that were growing before Donald Trump shocked the world by winning the race to the White House, have begun manifesting and a prime example of the murky situation is the attack on Nicki Pancholy from California, whose ethnicity is Rajastani Indian, but a mere bandana on her head was mistaken as a 'hijab' and provoked an attack. NBC Bay area reported that Pancholy was saddened and scared when she came down from her "peace walk" on Monday afternoon to find a note on the hood of her car which read, "Hijab wearing b**** this is our nation now get the f*** out." "When I saw it, I was in shock. That someone would feel so much hate to do this. I realize that this is the climate after this election. But I didn't realize someone would be so ignorant and in so much pain to cause so much harm," she said, adding that she was wearing a bandana over her head, not because she is religious, but because she is protecting her scalp from the sun because has lupus, an inflammatory autoimmune disease that can damage tissues and organs. However, she has forgiveness the miscreant for writing her that hate filled note "I forgive you. Please stop your self-hatred. In harming me, you are harming yourself," she said out loud to the author of the note. Meanwhile, in less than two weeks since the transition into Trump's presidency began, over 700 "hateful harassment" attacks have been reported across the United States. According to a report by the Southern Poverty Law Center, 701 such attacks have been reported in which immigrants, blacks, LGBT-people, Muslims and women were targeted. "They've been everywhere - in schools, in places of business like Walmart, on the street," SPLC President Richard Cohen said. The civil rights advocacy group compiled its report by collecting direct submissions from its #ReportHate intake page, as well as through monitoring news articles and social media sites. Anti-immigrant sentiment was at the top of the list with 206 reported attacks, while anti-woman and anti-Trump attacks remained at the bottom with 36 and 27 reported attacks respectively. A total of 151 incidents targeted black people, 80 targeted LGBT-people, 51 targeted Muslims and 60 involved swastikas. However, in a 60 Minutes interview on Sunday, Trump said he wasn't aware of all these hateful acts, but when he was told that they indeed exist, Trump turned to the camera and simply said, "Stop it." (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features In pictures: Israeli President in India, says 'thank you' '50 days' : PM Modi's gift to Children! Donald Trump wins The politics of OROP! 59 killed as terrorists storm police academy in Pakistan's Quetta About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert All lanes on the Ballard Bridge are blocked due to a collision. Business Economy Nation Carrier workers vow to hold Trump to promise of saving factory jobs Originally published November 19, 2016 at 8:00 am Updated November 18, 2016 at 5:48 pm Carrier’s decision to move its Indiana factory to Monterrey, Mexico, will eliminate 1,400 jobs by 2019. Donald Trump quickly made the factory Exhibit A in his argument against the trade policies of Republicans and Democrats alike. But can he deliver? Share story By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ The New York Times INDIANAPOLIS — By the time the Chicago Cubs won the World Series this month, for the first time in 108 years, Paul Roell was already asleep. He did not stay up to see Barack Obama win the presidency in 2008 or watch in 2000 as the margin of votes separating George W. Bush and Al Gore in Florida shrank to the vanishing point. After all, he has to clock in daily at 5:30 a.m. at the soon-to-be-shuttered Carrier factory in Indianapolis, where he has worked 17 years. But shortly before 3 a.m. Nov. 9, when the networks projected Donald Trump would be the next president of the United States, Roell was wide-awake. His wife, Stephanie, was up, too, and they exchanged high-fives in the wee hours. By the numbers 1,400 The number of jobs that will be eliminated by 2019 if Carrier follows through on its decision to move its furnace factory to Monterrey, Mexico. $55,000 Paul Roell’s annual pay (with overtime), as a team leader for Carrier. In fact, Roell was so keyed up, he did not sleep at all that night and headed straight to the plant before sunrise, bleary-eyed but euphoric. “I don’t watch sports, but this was my World Series,” he said. Most Read Stories Flesh-eating bacteria traced to tilapia bought from Bellevue market 35 reasons the Seahawks' Jon Ryan is the punter we all want to be Bus riders step in as driver has fatal heart attack on viaduct Earl Thomas, Rob Gronkowski have cool Twitter exchange about hard hit in Sunday's game Trump supporter in state Senate says some protests are ‘economic terrorism,’ should be feloniesUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. It is precisely this level of enthusiasm, from Roell and millions of like-minded Americans, that pollsters and Hillary Clinton’s campaign did not appreciate, even though it was vividly on display in February after a video went viral showing furious Carrier workers learning from management that their jobs would go to another country. Carrier’s decision to move the factory to Monterrey, Mexico, will eliminate 1,400 jobs by 2019. Trump quickly made the factory Exhibit A in his argument against the trade policies of Republicans and Democrats alike. He cited Carrier again and again on the campaign trail, threatening to phone executives at the company and its parent, United Technologies, and to hit them with 35 percent tariffs on any furnaces and air conditioners they imported from Mexico. To cheers at his rallies, he predicted Carrier would call him up as president and say, “Sir, we’ve decided to stay in the United States.” Now his supporters expect action. “If he doesn’t pass that tariff, I will vote the other way next time,” warned Nicole Hargrove, who has worked at Carrier for a decade and a half and is not certain what she will do if and when her job goes to Mexico. Carrier isn’t changing its plans. In a written statement three days after the election, the company said, “We are making every effort to ease the transition for our Carrier colleagues in Indiana.” The company pointed out that it will finance four-year retraining and educational programs for employees and provide financial help. For Trump, now comes the hard part. In interviews in recent days and in March, Trump voters in Indianapolis made clear that if he does not follow through on his promises, they are prepared to turn on him, just as they are seemingly punishing Democrats now for not delivering the hope and change voters sought from Obama after he won as an outsider in 2008. And while Roell is a conservative, Trump’s tough talk about Carrier, the economy and the future of U.S. manufacturing jobs also appealed to moderates like Darrell Presley, a steelworker in rural Crawfordsville, Ind., who voted for Obama in 2008. Obama fell short “He was for change, and said he would take care of the middle class, but he didn’t live up to those expectations,” Presley said. “I feel like the American people are at the point where they’ve had it, and this was the last chance.” On Election Day, blue-collar workers across the industrial heartland hearkened to Trump’s call, putting states never thought to be in serious play, like Wisconsin and Michigan, in his win column. As president, however, Trump will face a tough balance. Tariffs and trade wars stand to hurt U.S. workers who make products that are exported to Mexico or China. Few voters will be happy paying more for imported goods. And regardless of who is in the Oval Office, manufacturers are seeing relentless pressure, from investors and rival companies, to automate, replacing workers with machines that do not break down or require health benefits and pension plans. Wall Street hedge-fund managers are demanding steadily rising earnings from Carrier’s parent, United Technologies, even as growth remains sluggish worldwide. The Carrier plant is plenty profitable. But moving to Monterrey, where workers earn in a day what they make in the U.S. in an hour, will increase profits faster. Roell, who earns about $55,000 a year with overtime as a team leader making furnaces, has few illusions about the gulf separating him from Trump, or the global headwinds U.S. factory workers face. “His father was a millionaire; he’s a billionaire,” Roell said, sitting at Sully’s Bar & Grill near the factory with Carrier workers. “His son Barron’s allowance is probably more than my salary.” Nor does he underestimate the profound economic threat to the 1,400 workers at the factory, where layoffs are expected to begin next summer and continue in waves until it closes in 2019. Roell was promoted to team leader in March. The mood in the factory has worsened. Senior engineers travel from Indianapolis to Monterrey to supervise the shifting of production lines to Carrier’s factory there, workers and union officials said. Mexican engineers, in turn, have been coming to the U.S., measuring and assessing the machines they will operate soon, unless, of course, Trump can deliver on his promise. “It’s demoralizing when you see them taking pictures,” Roell said. “It’s like you are getting divorced but you are still living with your wife and her new boyfriend is coming over.” For workers like Roell, 36, who started at Carrier just weeks after receiving his high-school diploma and never returned to school, the problem is not a shortage of jobs in the area. Instead, it is a drought of jobs that pay anywhere near the $23.83 an hour he makes at Carrier, let alone enough to give him a toehold in the middle class. When he drives to work each day before dawn, Roell passes warehouse after warehouse of giants like Wal-Mart and Kohl’s with “Help Wanted” signs outside. The problem is that they typically pay $13 to $15 an hour. “I guess I could work two full-time shifts a day,” Roell joked. The situation confronting him and other blue-collar Carrier workers is not one anecdote from the region some people call the Rust Belt. It is part of a broad predicament for non-college-educated workers borne out by Census Bureau data. And it explains why even in Indiana, a state with a lower unemployment rate than the national average, and a strong rebound from the recession in many ways, the economic and political frustration is palpable. Since 2010, the private sector in Indiana has added roughly 300,000 jobs, bringing the unemployment rate from a high of 10.9 percent in January 2010 (nearly 1 percentage point above the national average) to 4.5 percent (nearly half a percentage point below the national unemployment rate). But nearly all that growth occurred in the service sector — hotel and food-service jobs, or health-care technicians, or workers in the warehouses Roell drives past — which added more than 220,000 positions for a total 1.9 million today. While manufacturers added 85,569 jobs since the sector bottomed out at 434,919 in January 2010, factory employment in Indiana overall remains significantly below where it was before the Great Recession. And service jobs do not come close to paying what manufacturing jobs do. According to the Census Bureau, the typical service-sector position in Indiana paid $39,338 in 2015, compared with $59,029 for a manufacturing position. The cross-generational drop-off can be stark, and it scars families. Within Local 1999 of the United Steelworkers union, which includes workers at Carrier and other industrial employers, members typically start at $17 an hour, according to Chuck Jones, Local 1999’s president. For comparison, his 21-year-old granddaughter Haley Duncan is about to finish college and take a job in health care that pays $14.50 an hour. Duncan and her older brother, Drake, were tempted by factory work. But Jones and their parents told them to stay in school because, while manufacturing might pay more, its future is becoming more precarious. The Rexnord bearing factory in Indianapolis — where Jones started working fresh out of high school in 1969 and where his stepson works now — last month said it might follow Carrier to Mexico and eliminate at least 300 jobs. Even Robin Maynard, a Carrier team leader who enthusiastically backed Trump, acknowledges that even a phone call from the Oval Office to the company’s executive suite might not be enough to save his job. “Hopefully, he can do something for us,” Maynard said. “But I think it’s out of the CEO’s hands. It’s in the hands of the shareholders.” In this age of 401(k) investment plans and individual retirement accounts, these shareholders are, in a real sense, all of us. But for the Carrier workers in Indianapolis and millions of other blue-collar workers, no matter how they voted, nuances like that do not matter so much now. Just the hope that Trump will try to reverse the long decline in their neighborhoods, their living standards and even their longevity is an emotional balm. “He doesn’t like blacks. He doesn’t like Hispanics. He doesn’t like disabled people,” said Jennifer Shanklin-Hawkins, who, like roughly half the Carrier factory workers, is African American. “He’s not presidential material. But my husband and I weren’t mad or upset when he won. I know blacks who voted for him, and I want to give him a chance.” Some blue-collar neighborhoods that supported Trump have been portrayed as monocultures, the opposite of supposedly more diverse, cosmopolitan cities that favored Clinton, the Democratic candidate. That caricature does not hold up in Indianapolis. At least half the workers on Carrier’s assembly line are women. And dozens of Burmese immigrants have gone to work at the factory in recent years, part of an influx of nearly 15,000 refugees from Myanmar into Indianapolis since 2001. Instead of bias, what animates these voters, whatever their race or political orientation, is a profound distrust and resentment of wealthier, educated Americans, a group they say lacks a connection to them and does not care about their economic situation. And to them, Clinton seemed at least as elite as Trump, if not more so. “I just couldn’t bring myself to vote for him, but both candidates are evil,” said Shanklin-Hawkins, who reluctantly voted for Clinton but has never forgiven her for her remarks about “superpredators” in the 1990s, or the mandatory prison-sentencing guidelines Bill Clinton signed into law as president. “Hillary hasn’t sweated a day in her life, unless it was losing a tough case as a lawyer,” Maynard said. “We wanted to take America in a different direction. I’m just hoping Trump will do what he says.” Presley readily acknowledges that Trump is a billionaire with an Ivy League education. “But he gets that the country is in bad shape,” Presley said. “Sure, he made some mistakes and sometimes he went a little overboard, but the guys I work with related to it. If we spoke in public, we’d make mistakes too.” Local union leader Jones, a fierce supporter of Bernie Sanders, Clinton’s rival for the Democratic nomination, said he “held my nose and voted for her.” “But everybody is tired of the same old politicians. It could have been Captain Kangaroo and he might have won.” As for the candidate who did win, the union leader said he was waiting for him to make that phone call to Carrier. “He’s got time. He doesn’t take the oath of office until Jan. 20,” Jones said. “Trump made Carrier the poster child and said he would hold Carrier accountable. Well, we’re going to hold him to it.” NELSON D. SCHWARTZ Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Facebook fixing fake news problem with CEO at trade summit Previous Story Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
rediff.com Rediff News News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » News » American desi faces hate attack after bandana is mistaken as 'hijab' American desi faces hate attack after bandana is mistaken as 'hijab' November 19, 2016 21:25 IST The fears that were growing before Donald Trump shocked the world by winning the race to the White House, have begun manifesting and a prime example of the murky situation is the attack on Nicki Pancholy from California, whose ethnicity is Rajasthani but a mere bandana on her head was mistaken as a 'hijab' and provoked an attack. NBC Bay area reported that Pancholy was saddened and scared when she came down from her "peace walk" on Monday afternoon to find a note on the hood of her car which read, "Hijab wearing b**** this is our nation now get the f*** out." "When I saw it, I was in shock. That someone would feel so much hate to do this. I realize that this is the climate after this election. But I didn't realize someone would be so ignorant and in so much pain to cause so much harm," she said, adding that she was wearing a bandana over her head, not because she is religious, but because she is protecting her scalp from the sun because has lupus, an inflammatory autoimmune disease that can damage tissues and organs. However, she has forgiven the miscreant for writing her that hate filled note. "I forgive you. Please stop your self-hatred. In harming me, you are harming yourself," she said out loud to the author of the note. Meanwhile, in less than two weeks since the transition into Trump's presidency began, over 700 "hateful harassment" attacks have been reported across the United States. According to a report by the Southern Poverty Law Center, 701 such attacks have been reported in which immigrants, blacks, LGBT-people, Muslims and women were targeted. "They've been everywhere -- in schools, in places of business like Walmart, on the street," SPLC President Richard Cohen said. The civil rights advocacy group compiled its report by collecting direct submissions from its #ReportHate intake page, as well as through monitoring news articles and social media sites. Anti-immigrant sentiment was at the top of the list with 206 reported attacks, while anti-woman and anti-Trump attacks remained at the bottom with 36 and 27 reported attacks respectively. A total of 151 incidents targeted black people, 80 targeted LGBT-people, 51 targeted Muslims and 60 involved swastikas. However, in a 60 Minutes interview on Sunday, Trump said he wasn't aware of all these hateful acts, but when he was told that they indeed exist, Trump turned to the camera and simply said, "Stop it." Source: ANI Tags: Southern Poverty Law Center, Trump, NBC Bay, Muslims, LGBT Share this Write a Comment Print this article   MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED Gambhir, Dhawan to open for Delhi in Ranji Trophy Anxiety, insomnia: Firing in border areas leaves residents emotionally scarred Arch-rivals Trump and Romney meet, discuss world affairs 'This is not the apocalypse': Obama to White House staffers on Trump win Over 100 killed as Indore-Patna Express derails near Kanpur Ready to face taxmen, says minister on Rs 91 lakh seized from car India's dream fighter jet: Boeing says it can deliver Demonetisation: 'The poor look at Modi as their messiah; Congress is rattled' Wish Sushma Swaraj a speedy recovery NIA books Zakir Naik for terror, searches IRF premises Demonetisation has hit Pak-sponsored terror activities: Tarek Fatah Jayalalithaa shifted to private room; AIADMK cadre celebrate Government rejects demand for PM's reply on demonetisation debate Centre knowingly imposed hardships on people: Akhilesh on note ban American desi threatened for Trump protest call Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Boney Kapoor in New York Reader Dinesh Purohit sent us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz News India  |  Latest News India  |  Bollywood News  |  Indian Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2014 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Amazon vs. Donald Trump? Jeff Bezos may soon face his biggest challenge yet The Guardian 1 day ago Graham Ruddick Click to expand Replay Video New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Embattled bank Wells Fargo announced this week that new account openings fell by 44 percent in the month October and new credit card applications have fallen by over 50 percent. New figures released show that foot traffic to branches is also down, with "branch banker interactions" down 22 percent from 2015. The figures come in the wake of a sales practice scandal that triggered multiple lawsuits, an enormous $185 million fine and the resignation of the company's longtime CEO John Stumpf. Wochit Business Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric Amazon's latest commercial targets anti-Muslim rhetoric by highlighting commonalities between a priest and an imam. CNN Money 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 The house that inspired the 1979 horror film “The Amityville Horror” has reportedly been sold after a listing of $850,00. The 5,000 square-foot home, which was built in 1927, boasts five bedrooms, three-and-a-half bathrooms, a boathouse and a slip and supposedly, plenty of demons. According to real estate site Redfin, the seller bought the property back in 2010 for $950,000, way below the asking price $1.15 million. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume How President Donald Trump Could Hurt Amazon.com, Jeff Bezos Money See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Wochit Business0:51 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money1:03 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 Wochit News0:45 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 5 tips to help you save this holiday season Entrepreneur2:46 Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 UP NEXT The president-elect has been verbally sparring with Bezos for months. Now things could get a lot tougher for Amazon. Amazon will almost certainly enjoy its biggest ever day on Black Friday next week. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 760.16 +3.76 +0.50% Graham Holdings Co GHC ▲ 479.20 +1.75 +0.37% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.54 -0.65 -0.94% The discount shopping event will help the American online retailer to continue its run of 22 years of unbroken and dramatic sales growth since it was founded in 1994 by Jeff Bezos. It is now valued at more than $375 billion, making it one of the biggest companies in the world. However, despite the predicted spending spree on Black Friday, the rise of Amazon and Bezos now face arguably their biggest challenge yet: Donald Trump. Throughout the U.S. presidential election campaign, Trump made disparaging comments about Amazon and Bezos, prompting a war of words that looks altogether more serious in the wake of the billionaire tycoon’s victory over Hillary Clinton. The battle started last December with a series of seemingly unprompted tweets from Trump. “The Washington Post, which loses a fortune, is owned by Jeff Bezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no-profit company, Amazon,” Trump wrote. “If Amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The Washington Post scam is saving it!” The Washington Post is owned through Bezos’s personal investment firm, rather than Amazon, and Trump did not provide any explanation for his allegation. Amazon’s tax policy is controversial and is already well-known around the world, including in Europe, where it agreed favourable tax arrangements with Luxembourg. Its profit margins are also notoriously thin. In 2015, Amazon recorded sales of $107 billion but net profits of just $596 million, a margin of barely 0.5%. Bezos responded to Trump’s tweets in a light-hearted manner, threatening to send him to space with his Blue Origin rocket business. “Finally trashed by Donald Trump,” he said. “Will still reserve him a seat on the Blue Origin rocket #sendDonaldtospace.” However, the battle took a more sinister turn for Amazon when Trump addressed a campaign rally in Texas two months later. “Believe me, if I become president, oh do they have problems, they are going to have such problems,” Trump said of Amazon and Bezos. The Republican presidential candidate then told Fox News that Amazon is “getting away with murder tax-wise” and has a “huge antitrust problem because he’s [Bezos] controlling so much”. Trump’s criticism of Bezos and Amazon appears to be at least partly connected to his frustration at the Washington Post conducting investigations into his business dealings and questioning his suitability to be president. At the Texas event where he criticised Amazon, Trump also referred to “purposely negative and horrible and false articles” about him. Bezos eventually hit back, accusing Trump of comments that “aren’t appropriate” for a president and which “erodes our democracy around the edges”. However, the Amazon boss was forced to change his tone when the result of the presidential election was confirmed. “Congratulations to Donald Trump,” he wrote on Twitter. “I for one give him my most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the country.” Related: Martin Baron: 'We took Donald Trump seriously from the beginning' Shares in Amazon dropped by almost 10% in the five days after Trump’s election, more than other technology companies such as Google and Apple. It is unclear what action Trump could take against Amazon, with the president-elect not expanding upon his threats with specific policies. Despite its size, Amazon still accounts for a relatively small proportion of the retail market, meaning Trump’s claims about a huge antitrust problem are dubious. Its global sales in 2015 of $107bn were dwarfed by Walmart’s $482bn. In the UK it accounts for roughly 1.8% of sales, although it is the market leader in physical entertainment, where it accounts for 20.4% of sales. However, the new president could choose to examine Amazon’s control of its delivery drivers, its relationship with small businesses who sell products through its website, or Bezos’ ownership of the Washington Post. Neil Saunders, a retail analyst at Conlumino, said: “The main threats have been over tax and antitrust. The antitrust point is something he could try and pursue, but it would not be in his power to pronounce Amazon guilty and it is very doubtful that any other government agency would do so. “On the retail side there is no antitrust case to answer as Amazon does not exert dominant control over any one area of the market. On the point about Jeff Bezos’s ownership of the Washington Post, this isn’t an antitrust case as it is an entirely different business sector to the retail operation. “The tax threats are largely hollow. Amazon does pay corporate tax, but its tax payments are limited because it is not the most profitable of companies. The same holds true for the Washington Post. Sales tax is not a matter for the federal government so Trump has no power over that area of taxation.”© Provided by Guardian News Trump gives a campaign speech However, Trump undoubtedly has the power to hurt Amazon. The company’s latest annual report, published before Trump’s victory, warns of the threat to its financial performance from “laws and policies of the US and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans, and taxes”. If Trump pursues a protectionist trade policy with tariffs on imports and exports then Amazon’s business model – which relies on moving goods quickly from warehouses in one country to customers in another and selling them at a low price – will be under pressure. Ultimately, becoming an enemy of the most powerful man in the world is unhelpful for the company. Reports claim that Amazon has hired a veteran Washington lobbyist, Seth Bloom, to represent it on antitrust matters. “Having an occupant of the White House who is unfriendly towards your business is not a comfortable position,” Saunders added. “Inevitably it means Amazon will need to keep looking over its shoulder, which is an annoying distraction from the day-to-day business.” Trump vs. Bezos The war of words between Donald Trump and Jeff Bezos, the boss of Amazon, has been fought across social media and at campaign events in the runup to the presidential election. Here are the key tweets and comments: Jeff Bezos Email to employee who had raised concerns about Trump’s election: “We’re a company of builders whose diverse backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are critical to helping us invent on behalf of all our customer. But it’s not only that diversity and inclusion are good for our business. It’s more fundamental than that — it’s simply right. These are enduring values for us and nothing will change that.” Speaking at conference in October about criticism from Trump: “He’s not just going after the media, but threatening retribution to people who scrutinize him. He’s also saying he may not give a graceful concession speech if he loses the election. That erodes our democracy around the edges. He’s also saying he might lock up his opponent. These aren’t appropriate behaviors.” Congratulations to @realDonaldTrump. I for one give him my most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the country.— Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) November 10, 2016"> Finally trashed by @realDonaldTrump. Will still reserve him a seat on the Blue Origin rocket. #sendDonaldtospacehttps://t.co/9OypFoxZk3— Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) December 7, 2015"> Donald Trump Interview to Fox News in May: “Amazon is getting away with murder tax-wise. He’s using the Washington Post for power so that the politicians in Washington don’t tax Amazon like they should be taxed. He thinks I’ll go after him for antitrust. Because he’s got a huge antitrust problem because he’s controlling so much, Amazon is controlling so much of what they are doing. The whole system is rigged, whether it’s Hillary [Clinton] or whether its Bezos.” The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 7, 2015"> Campaign event in Texas in February: “I have respect for Jeff Bezos, but he uses the Washington Post to have political influence and I got to tell you, we have a different country than we used to have. He owns Amazon, he wants political influence so that Amazon will benefit from it. That’s not right. And believe me, if I become president, oh do they have problems, they are going to have such problems If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 7, 2015"> Go to MSN Home More in Money 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian Kevin Taylor obituary The Guardian Nigel Farage expects invitation to Donald Trump inauguration The Guardian The Art of the Deal by Donald J Trump with Tony Schwartz – digested read The Guardian Brexit blues: weak pound pushes up guitar prices The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Sign up for the Freebie Friday newsletter and start saving some green Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Your 2016 Black Friday Survival Guide Doreen Christensen shares Black Friday shopping tips on WLRN's Topical Currents Sun Sentinel consumer columnist Doreen Christensen discussed Black Friday shopping tips on WLRN's Topical Currents.  Sun Sentinel consumer columnist Doreen Christensen discussed Black Friday shopping tips on WLRN's Topical Currents.  Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Doreen Christensen gives you tips and ticks to get the best deals on Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Mond Privacy Policy "Black Friday Sale." That popular catchphrase has been so stretched and exploited it's become a hodgepodge that has left us all wondering when we can truly get the best deals on HDTVs, toys, electronics and other holiday gifts. Pick a day. Pick a sale. One's as good as the next. No matter what day you shop, with a little planning, you'll be sure to get good deal. Retailers, in their zeal to cash in, have turned the once bewitching shopping holiday into a vortex of never-ending sales cycles that has left consumers bothered and bewildered. When the heck is Black Friday, anyway? Is it in July? Yep. Does it start the week before Thanksgiving? Yes! Is it on Thanksgiving Day? For sure. How about on the Friday after Thanksgiving? Definitely. In January? There's an idea! Thanksgiving/Black Friday mall and store openings with ads Doreen Christensen As we count down the days until Thanksgiving and Black Friday, see when malls and stores will open. We also have links to each store's advertisement. We'll update this page as more store hours and circulars featuring doorbuster deals become available. See malls See stores & Ads Mall Thanksgiving... As we count down the days until Thanksgiving and Black Friday, see when malls and stores will open. We also have links to each store's advertisement. We'll update this page as more store hours and circulars featuring doorbuster deals become available. See malls See stores & Ads Mall Thanksgiving... (Doreen Christensen) Some malls are opening earlier on Thanksgiving Day (10 a.m. at Sawgrass Mills in Sunrise). Others have flip-flopped and will be closed (Aventura Mall will open at 7 a.m. Friday). Some department stores will open earlier on Thanksgiving (3 p.m. at JC Penney, 5 p.m. at Macy's), others will be closed this year (HHGregg, Office Depot/OfficeMax), opting to return to the old ways of opening in the wee hours on Nov. 25. Everyone's offering so-called Black Friday sales right this very second. It's been hard to get a handle on this year's holiday trend because there is no holiday trend. One thing's clear: We've got money to burn. Black Friday: Hottest deals on big-screen HDTVs Doreen Christensen If you're in the market for a new HDTV, Thanksgiving and Black Friday are the days to shop. This year, expect to get the best prices ever on Ultra 4K HDTVs as retailers dangle hot doorbuster deals (available in limited quantities) to lure customers away from tables and into stores. Just a few years... If you're in the market for a new HDTV, Thanksgiving and Black Friday are the days to shop. This year, expect to get the best prices ever on Ultra 4K HDTVs as retailers dangle hot doorbuster deals (available in limited quantities) to lure customers away from tables and into stores. Just a few years... (Doreen Christensen) The National Retail Federation predicts 137 million people will shop over Thanksgiving weekend, spending $935 on gifts in 2016. Retail sales through December are expected to reach $655.8 billion, up 3.6 percent from last year. Online sales are forecast to be up between 7 percent and 10 percent over last year to $117 billion. Florida's retail outlook is even sunnier, with spending up 4 percent, according the Florida Retail Federation. However "Black Friday" is defined, just ignore the hodgepodge of hype. There are plenty of hot deals to be had no matter what day you plan to shop. Use my tips to be a Black Friday survivor. MAKE A BATTLE PLAN Do the math. Set a budget and stick to it. Draw up a list of what and for whom you need to buy and when and where and what day you'll shop. Resist budget-busting impulse purchases so you don't start the New Year in a deep financial hole. Research. Buy the Thanksgiving Day Sun Sentinel (if you can lift it). The holiday edition weighs in at more than 5 pounds, and the ads are an invaluable resource with coupons that won't be offered online. Pore over the circulars and clip the best offers and coupons to your list. Psst: The Thanksgiving Day circulars will be stuffed into the Wednesday newspaper available on newsstands only. Sign up. Join reward clubs and download apps to get early notifications of sales. Sears is having a special ShopYourWay Members Private Night sale from 6 to 10 p.m. Sunday; Toys R Us is offering reward members early access to 100 hot deals. Programs are free to join and you earn points for more savings. Also, follow brands on social media to unlock special savings, too. Use price matching. Many stores and online retailers have generous holiday price-match policies, but they are not valid on upcoming limited-quantity doorbuster deals. Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Toys R Us and many others price-match against each other, including Amazon and local competitors, BrandsMart U.S.A. offers a 110 percent low-price guarantee. Bring ads or online offers on your smartphone to the service desk. Check retailer websites for policies. Save receipts. Keep them in an envelope so you can easily find them if you have to return items. Also, ask for gift receipts and include them in packages in case items need to be exchanged or returned. Bonus: If you go over budget, you can return items and no one is the wiser. SHOP ONLINE Thanksgiving Day: If you don't want to dine and dash for deals, bargain hunt from the couch. All retailers offer online deals on Thanksgiving Day. Check the circulars for more info. Plus, shopping for out-of-town family and friends is a snap and most retailers offer free wrapping services. Cross that post office chore off your list! If you do have to ship packages, the U.S. Postal Service deadline for Christmas arrival for first-class mail is Dec. 20. Amazon.com. The Seattle-based online retailer has kicked off Lightning Deals, which run every five minutes through Black Friday. Prime members get 30 minutes of early access; get a free 30-day trial at Amazon.com/prime. Cyber Monday. Cash in on the bargain bonanza on Nov. 28, which is projected to be biggest online shopping day ever. Sales are projected to be $91 billion, up 11 percent, according to Adobe Digital Insights. Pro tip: Visit RetailMeNot.com for online promo codes for extra savings, free shipping or both. Travel deals. This is a dream come true for budget travelers. Expedia, HotWire and other online travel agencies kick off sales Friday through Cyber Monday. Ditto for airlines and hotels, too. Free shipping. Paying for shipping is a deal-breaker for me. Target and Best Buy are offering free shipping and returns with no minimum purchase through the holidays. Also, Free Shipping Day is Dec. 16, when more than 1,000 retailers offer the service with guaranteed delivery by Dec. 24. Sign up for a email reminder at FreeShippingDay.com. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus and sign up for my Freebie Friday newsletter. Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Thanksgiving Black Friday (shopping) Cyber Monday Amazon.com Inc. PHOTOS: Stores that refuse to open on Thanksgiving Shopping on Thanksgiving? Here's make-ahead-meal tips from a chef How to get the best deals on Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Monday. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 75°
Sections Home Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Experts Sign up Login About Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Experts Sign up Login About Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Facebook Twitter58.2k Pinterest145k Google Plus5.5k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Media Kit AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2016 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Log in Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out SECTIONS What would you like to know? New Hot Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: BEAUTY & STYLE / Skincare 10 best drugstore face lotions under $10 PREVIOUS STORY Got acne prone skin? Here are 10 cleansers to try NEXT STORY 8 oil-free moisturizers for keeping breakouts and shine at bay 1 day ago by STYLECASTER STYLECASTER delivers your daily forecast of need-to-know fashion, beauty, entertainment, and lifestyle intel. Practical and modern, we give readers the tools they need to lead a more stylish life. View Profile Image: Lena Clara/Getty Images Print The best moisturizers for oily skin Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media Listen up: Just because you have oily skin that errs on the side of the acne-prone doesn’t mean you’re immune to dryness and dehydration. Quite the opposite, in fact—a life without moisturizer means skin that’s thirsty AF, and oily skin that’s thirsty AF responds by overproducing oil, which is a great way to get more breakouts. That’s called a vicious cycle, and there’s no reason to engage in the whole causality situation (which came first, the oily skin or the acne?) when you can take a more proactive approach by finding the best moisturizer for acne-prone skin instead. More: The 5 Reasons You’re Causing Your Own Breakouts These eight picks are on the top of our list right now for fighting breakouts and keeping shine at bay—and some even come complete with antiaging ingredients, lightweight skin-perfecting coverage, or major SPF defense, which gives you all the more reason to add them to your skin-care lineup posthaste. Get into it. More: The 10 Least Annoying Sunscreens to Wear on Your Face 1. Context Oil-Free Daily Moisturizer Image: The Stell Major moisture—and SPF 15—are hidden in this lightweight formula, which combines shea butter and manuka honey to condition the skin with potent vitamins and antioxidants that minimize pores and prevent premature aging. (The Stell, $40) 2. Eve Lom Rescue Oil-Free Moisturizer Image: Barneys New York This weightless hydrating fluid will control shine, fight acne, and keep skin in tip-top shape with antiseptic witch hazel, soothing cornflower, and more. (Barneys New York, $75) 3. Aveeno Ultra-Calming Daily Moisturizer SPF 15 Image: Walgreens A longtime drugstore stalwart, this soothing lotion with feverfew extract is excellent for all skin types, from the sensitive and redness-prone to oily, easily irritated acne skin. It's essentially a salve for all that ails you. (Walgreens, $16) 4. Clinique Pep-Start HydroBlur Moisturizer Image: Clinque For a perfect canvas and lightweight hydration, choose this blurring moisturizer, which works like a primer to smooth away flaws and "retouch" skin. It's mattifying but not drying and so lightweight you can pat it over makeup as a touch-up throughout the day. (Clinique, $3) 5. Olay Total Effects Fragrance-Free 7-in-1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer Image: Walmart This never-fail antiaging formula is packed with vitamins and antioxidants to keep skin hydrated, minimize pores, and reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, all while balancing oil production to fight shine. (Walmart, $15) 6. Juice Beauty SPF 30 Oil-Free Moisturizer Image: Juice Beauty Keep it natural and non-pore-clogging with this aloe-rich formula, which leaves skin looking calm, healthy, and completely under control thanks to organic fruit extracts and nourishing algae-based nutrients. (Juice Beauty, $29) 7. Honest Beauty Everything Tinted Moisturizer Oil-Free SPF 20 Image: Honest Beauty When a hint of tint is all but necessary, keep skin looking perfect—and shine under wraps—with this calming, conditioning moisturizer that melts into skin for foundation-like coverage with a super lightweight, barely there finish. (Honest Beauty, $28) 8. Dr. Dennis Gross Hyaluronic Moisture Cushion Image: Dr. Dennis Gross The gel-cream moisturizer of your lightweight hydration dreams, this smoothing oil-free formula plumps the skin to prevent dehydration while keeping oil and shine to a minimum. (Dr. Dennis Gross, $58) Originally posted on StyleCaster.com Tagged in beauty skin care Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter58.2k Pinterest145k Google Plus5.5k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Beauty and Style Slideshows A shoppable inspiration guide to plus-size fall fashion 21 pairs of over-the-knee boots that look expensive — but cost less than $150 The best fall beauty products to shop at Trader Joe’s The comprehensive guide to finding the best toner for your skin type Subscribe to SheKnows Daily News The stuff you need to know, crafted just for you. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles 10 best drugstore face lotions under $10 by Chloe Metzger 4 hours ago Got acne prone skin? Here are 10 cleansers to try by STYLECASTER 3 days ago In defence of Cara Delevingne, beauty icon of the century by Claire Gillespie 4 days ago Hot New in Beauty & Style Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes!
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Costco Holiday Deals Event Takes On Sam's Club Saturday Black Friday Sale Posted: Nov 19 2016, 2:43am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 19 2016, 2:45am CST, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Costco Holiday Deals Event   It is the battle of the warehouse club on Saturday, November 19. Costco has launched their first Holiday sale of the season on Saturday. The Costco Holiday sales event takes place opposite the new Sam's Club Samsung Saturday sale launched at midnight. While Sam's Club is only offering deals on Samsung TVs and other products from the South Korean consumer giant, Costco offers Black Friday deals across different brands. Don't Miss: The Black Friday 2016 Deals on Sale Now Deals on 4K TVs reign supreme in the Costco Holiday Sale. A giant 75-inch Samsung UN75JU641DFXZA 4K UHD Smart TV is on sale for $1,999.99 for members only. The 65-inch Samsung UN65KU649DFXZA is on sale for $949.99. A bargain 4K TV deal at Costco today is the $389.99 50-inch Vizio E50-E3 4K UHD Smart TV.  The 65-inch LG 65UH615A 4K UHD Smart TV is a deal at $779.99. Costco offers the popular 55" Samsung UN55KS800 4K SUHD Smart TV for $979.99, Sam's Club beats that deal by only two bucks today in the Samsung Saturday sale. The Costco Holiday sale runs until November 28. The best deals as in any Black Friday sales event sell out quickly. The first listed Pre-Black Friday TV deals have already sold out online. The Costco Holiday sale and the Costco Pre Black Friday sale are available online at costco.com.  Some pages of the Costco Black Friday 2016 ad have leaked earlier this month. A complete Costco Black Friday 2016 is expected to be released in the next days. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Early Black Friday sales of note are underway at amazon.com, bestbuy.com and walmart.com. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. See the Black Friday 2016 deals advertised in the big four Black Friday 2016 ads below: Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad   The hardest to find Holiday 2016 gifts include Hatchimals, NES Classic, Pokemon Go Plus and the $99 Nintendo 3DS. Use our shopping guide to hunt these hot holiday gifts. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 1 hour ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 3 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 32 minutes ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 3 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 4 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 6 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 6 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 6 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 7 hours ago Walmart launches Samsung Black Friday Sales Event 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 1 hour ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 3 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 32 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Menards Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaked Posted: Nov 19 2016, 3:27am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Menards Black Friday 2016 Ad   The Menards Black Friday 2016 Ad scans are floating on the internet. The Menards Black Friday 2016 Ad has leaked on Black Friday sites. The Menards Black Friday deals will start to be available at 6am on Black Friday.  Don't Miss: The Black Friday Deals to Buy now on Amazon The Menards Black Friday flyer is advertises deals for two sales events. The Menards 6 Hour Sale begins at 6am and ends at Noon on Black Friday. Then there are other deals for the Menards 2-Day Sale that ends on Saturday. Menards stores are closed on Thanksgiving Day. Some of the deals found in the Menards Black Friday 2016 ad include: Startastic - $17.88 Nerf Dog Ball Blaster - $9.99 Day To Day 120-ct Single Serve Coffee - $24.99 Wahl 11-pc. Beard Trimmer Kit - $6.99 Stanley 6-gal. Wet/Dry Vac - $14.99 Vulcan Ladder 22-ft. Aluminum Multiposition Ladder - $99.00 ACDelco 30-pk. Super Alkaline Batteries - $1.99 after rebate Magic Stretch Gloves - 2 For $1.00 Fleece Throw Blanket - $1.49 The complete Menards Black Friday 2016 Ad is available on Black Friday site BFAds. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 minute ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 49 minutes ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 3 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 4 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 6 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 7 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 minute ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 1 minute ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 49 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 34° F Clear Hi: 42° F Lo: 21° F Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Schock allegedly profited off his voters’ Washington visits Updated: 1 min ago CHICAGO (AP) — Aaron Schock is accused of allegedly using government and campaign money to subsidize a lavish lifestyle, as well as pocketin… AP Top Political News at 12:25 p.m. EST Updated: 20 mins ago Trump, Pence address potential of Romney, Mattis in Cabinet Safe Kids survey finds distracted walking on the rise Updated: 45 mins ago ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks Updated: 1 min ago Judge allows suit by ex-TV anchor fired after online remarks Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 34° F Clear Feels Like: 27° F Wind: N 9 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:39 AM Sunset: 5:30 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 34° F Clear Hi: 42° F Lo: 21° F Best Buy gives us an early look at holiday deals Laura Hutchinson, News 8 Anchor Published: November 19, 2016, 6:00 am Updated: November 19, 2016, 6:00 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) ORANGE, Conn. (WTNH) Black Friday is next week already which means a lot of stores will be rolling out deep discounts. It just wouldn’t be Black Friday without stores like Best Buy rolling out the best of the best deals. So grab a pen! Here’s a sneak peak. It is that time already. Before long, stores will look like this and if you’re not already, you’ll be forced into the holiday shopping spirit. Orange Best Buy’s Robert Gagne is giving you a head start with a look at what they’ll be offering, starting with discounts for mom and the kids! “There’s a new mixer for KitchenAid, usually it’s around $500 and it’s going to be down to $200 for the season, and then things for kids as well, we have video games more than half off, we have DVD’s for $7.99 so some pretty significant savings for the whole family,” he said. He says bundle deals will be big for people wanting to save on things like GoPro and its accessories. Of course wouldn’t be Black Friday without deals on TVs! Gagne says 70% of their customers are looking for deals on electronics and they are ready to deliver. “Black Friday there’s a great deal for TVs, there’s a Toshiba 49 inch that when you come into the store Black Friday it’s actually more than half off. So that’s a really good deal for that TV. There’s also a really good deal on iPads you’ll save $125 on iPads,” Gagne added. Best Buy isn’t the only one getting a head start, Walmart’s Black Friday deals and online specials are already available through its website, Toys R Us slashed prices online as well as an early cyber-Monday special. If you haven’t already, spend some time this week thinking about what you want to buy that weekend and start comparing who’s offering the better deal now. The best way to maximize your shopping weekend is to carefully plan out your day so you don’t waste time in unnecessary lines at one store while missing deals at the other store you really need. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts What to buy/skip in October Black Friday sales: 2016 deals look a lot like 2015 Survey: Most Americans plan to skip Thanksgiving Day sales Hatchimals top list of hard-to-find toys for 2016 holiday season Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Photos and Poll: Show us your support for your team! Additional arrests made in homicide of local radio personality Photos: News 10 goes pink for breast cancer awareness 2016 WTHI-TV Chili Cookoff Photos: The 641 Bypass from the air Hurricane Matthew in photographs No injuries after Light House Mission fire, 48 residents displaced Latest News Safe Kids survey finds distracted walking on the rise Why is Thanksgiving a Thursday in November? Study: Opioid poisonings in toddlers up 205% A look at the surprisingly tumultuous history of the Thanksgiving holiday Pat Summitt Alzheimer’s Clinic set to open in December 10 Thanksgiving foods dangerous for pets Nancy’s Downtown Mall transforms into Winter Wonderland Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close Buy Now Jim Hannon Dave Davis looks over the carts of staples ready to be distributed at the Loaves and Fishes warehouse in Florence. JIM HANNON/TIMES DAILY featured Loaves & Fishes: Feeding the multitude By Monica Collier Staff Writer Updated 4 hrs ago 0 Buy Now Jim Hannon Dave Davis looks over the carts of staples ready to be distributed at the Loaves and Fishes warehouse in Florence. JIM HANNON/TIMES DAILY Loaves & Fishes, a ministry of Christ Chapel, operates the largest food pantry in the state and has four thrift store locations in the Shoals. The original location in Petersville opened in 1989. There are two locations in Sheffield and the newest store opened in the spring on Mall Drive in Florence. Jan Masters came out of retirement to manage the Mall Drive store. She said in her mind, the ministry's mission statement is simple. “We’re here to glorify Christ first and serve this community,” Jan Masters said. “That’s my heart, to see people in this community be loved and helped; the best way to do that is meet their needs.” In any given month, the Loaves & Fishes food bank, in Florence’s industrial park, is likely to give away more than 149,000 pounds of food — feeding more than 500 local families. In recent months, not only has the retail side expanded, the food ministry has become a collaborative, community effort as several other churches have become involved. “Our desire is to invite even more churches in to help us with this,” Masters said. “We have a ‘let’s do this together’ mindset. We just had Highland Baptist come on board with us, Sherrod Avenue Church of Christ and The Ark.” Since starting at the store in January, Masters said she has seen daily how Loaves & Fishes makes a difference in people’s lives. “Basically, it’s just people off the street needing help. We’re seeing more people come into the store looking for help,” she said. “That’s why I’m here. I knew there was a need, but I have been shocked. We have to do something about it.” Masters said one of her first experiences was helping a young man not long after the store opened in April. “He came in, and whispered to me, ‘I need some clothes,’ ” she said. “I asked him if he needed a job. He told me, ‘Yes ma’am.’ That day, the administrator of Loaves & Fishes was here, and he talked to the young man and gave him a job.” Loaves & Fishes stores don’t distribute food, that is handled through the food pantry.  Depending on the situation, however, items often are given to people in immediate need. Masters recalled several times she’s given people clothing on the spot — a family after a house fire and women referred to Loaves & Fishes by Safeplace. “That’s what we do, we try to meet the need as quickly as we can,” she said. “Sometimes, people are sent here by other ministries or agencies. We do our best to make sure people who come to us know about other resources in the community, too.” Masters said making donations, both monetary and material, are a help to the organization, but there is a growing need for volunteers. “Come and volunteer; we love our volunteers,” she said. “It’s a big help having volunteers come in and help us process donations. We take donations at the stores; we have drop boxes. The Petersville location accepts donations at the back.” Masters said she has seen firsthand how generous Shoals residents can be. “We had one lady come in and the girl who was checking her out asked if she wanted to donate $1 – $1 buys a pound of food,” Masters said. “The lady said yes but she needed to go to her car first. She came back in and gave us a $200 check. She told us she had no idea.” Dave Davis, supervisor of food distribution for Loaves & Fishes, said the organization is on track to give away more food in 2016 than last year. In 2015, more than a million pounds of food was given. Davis’ wife, Patti, works with clients seeking help. She said she thinks one of the reasons the numbers are up compared to 2015 is that they are able to serve more clients because more personnel has been added. “The economic aspect of it is, food stamps changed drastically March 31,” she said. “A law went into effect that states if there is an able-bodied person in a household who is not disabled, elderly, or taking care of children, they must prove their disability or come off food stamps or have them greatly reduced.” Dave Davis said whether or not a person gets food stamps has no bearing on whether they qualify for food through Loaves & Fishes. “It’s based on income and the number of people that income supports, basically,” he said. “Now, we have to have several documents that prove that – it’s a USDA requirement.” Once a client completes the required paperwork and is approved to receive food through Loaves & Fishes, Davis said it is an ongoing help. “It’s usually every two to three months,” he said. “When they leave us, they get about 200 pounds of food.” He said Loaves & Fishes gets food through a several sources, including the Food Bank of North Alabama’s store donation program, the USDA food bank and a small number of donations. “We pick up food every day from Walmart stores and Publix stores,” he said. “Some from Target and Big Lots – not much. But, we get a lot of food from Walmart and Publix every day. When we can afford to, we order food from a place called Operation Blessing.” The Davises said it’s not uncommon for people in the Shoals to know about Loaves & Fishes stores but be unaware of the food pantry. “All the profit from the stores goes straight to the food bank,” Dave Davis said. “Some people think that our church, Christ Chapel, which started Loaves & Fishes 27 years ago, gets some of that money. It doesn’t. It goes right to the food bank. None of it goes to the church.” For more information about food assistance through Loaves & Fishes, call 256-712-1835. monica.collier@timesdaily.com or 256-740-5725. Twitter @TD_mcollier. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Time of Giving Pedestrian killed in Saturday hit and run Law and Order 11-19-16 Photo Package -- Students get history lesson Tennis study is discussed Tennis complex talks are back Turtle Farm fundraiser Saturday benefits CASA Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Do you like to do puzzles? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2016 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 Nov. 8 Election Results Erica Parsons Keith Scott WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Forecast Video Hour by Hour Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football March Madness Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 1 Live Breaking News 2 465970643 Steves Coats Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future by: AUDREY HUDSON, The Sun News of Myrtle Beach Updated: Nov 19, 2016 - 7:50 PM Twtter AYNOR, S.C. (AP) - The Double R Farm has produced abundant crops for four generations of Rabon family farmers here, and despite the double whammy of record rains during the October harvest last year and last month's hurricane, they are determined to weather the hardship. "I'll do whatever I gotta do, even if it means I'm worn out and broke," says Ronald Rabon. "But if I make it this year, it will take a miracle from the Lord." Tropical storm-force winds and 12 inches of rain from Hurricane Matthew battered 700 acres of his cotton just as the bolls began to open, resulting in hardlock that made picking nearly impossible. They were able to salvage about 100 acres, mostly from farm lands tucked among wooded areas protected from the wind. Instead of 1,400 bales of cotton this year, the Rabons will likely end up with about 450 bales. "I've lost more money than I made in two years," Rabon said. The Rabons and farmers across the state were hit by a drought last year, and after months of praying for rain, the heavens opened in early October and dropped about 14 inches in 24 hours. Farmers in Horry County racked up $9 million in damages, while statewide the amount topped $530 million. William Hardee III, Clemson University's area agronomy agent for Horry County, said farmers were on the path for a perfect crop this year, until Matthew hit. Cotton was hit; soybeans and peanut crops were also severely damaged, Hardee said. "We needed a perfect year to make up for last year, but this took our chance away," Hardee said. Although the final damage assessment has not been tallied, Hardee said it appears that the hurricane will not exceed last year's drought and record flood destruction of crops. "It's not doom and gloom, not the devastation we saw last year, but it was bad for a lot of folks, worse for some others," Hardee said. Out of 600 acres of cotton planted last year, the Rabons salvaged 200 acres that amounted to less than 350 bales. "Now I'm telling you, it's been tough," said the patriarch of the family, 86-year-old Dock Rabon. Gov. Nikki Haley vetoed $40 million in farm aid this spring, calling it an industry bailout, prompting a backlash from farmers and lawmakers who voted to overturn her decision. That funding eventually paid about 25 percent of Rabon's losses, and he was forced to refinance the 1,200 acre farm. "I expected to make it up this year, but the cotton hit the dirt. And what didn't fall, hardlocked. It ain't looking good," Rabon said. Nearly 800 farmers in Horry County have applied for assistance from the U.S. Department of Agriculture because of damage caused by Hurricane Matthew. However, direct payments for damaged crops were eliminated in the 2014 Farm Bill, so aid is limited to emergency conservation problems, property damage, debris removal, leveling land or repairing fences for livestock. State agriculture officials are still assessing the recent damage and officials are mum on whether any financial assistance will be forthcoming. "Two years in a row is rough," says Jared Martin, who estimates he lost half of his 300-acre peanut crops due to Hurricane Matthew. "We've got to have some help, I can't handle no more," said Martin. "Insurance don't pay nothing, and our government just ain't helping." Martin and his father at the D and J Farm managed to pay their bills last year, with only $2,000 left to split between them. This year, Martin says he will break even. "I'm working all year for nothing," Martin said. Rabon and Martin are uncertain about their future in farming, and Martin isn't willing to commit to planting crops next year. "All I know is farming, but I guess I could go to Walmart and shake some hands," Rabon said. Rabon has already reached out to state and federal lawmakers to let them know the severity of the damage, but he's counting on private refinancing to pull him through to farm another year. "In all the years I've farmed, I've never had to call my congressperson or governor for help, we've always made a living," Rabon said. Rabon says he's not looking for a free handout, but unless the Farm Bill is amended, he says farmers won't be able to survive severe natural disasters, like the back-to-back harvest storms. "When I'm dead, it's over," Rabon said. "My kids can't make a living farming, and I don't blame them. They watched me go broke and wore out." And when that happens, he asked, "Who will feed this country?" ___ Information from: The Sun News, http://www.thesunnews.com/ Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Disasters for county farmers create uncertain future North Charleston motorist arrested for spitting on officers University of South Carolina senior named Rhodes Scholar Brothers search for photos of NC casualties in Vietnam Endangered woodpeckers return to Hitchcock Woods News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Charlotte Coupons About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Skip to main content Making Big Ideas Happen™ Donate to WRI Donate Other Sites WRI Brasil WRI China WRI India WRI Indonesia WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities CAIT – WRI’s climate data explorer Electricity Governance Initiative (EGI) Environmental Democracy Index GHG Protocol Global Forest Watch The Access Initiative (TAI) View All Sites Menu What We Do Topics Climate Energy Food Forests Gender Sustainable Cities Water Business Economics Finance Governance Project Directory Top Outcomes Our Approach Support our Work Where We Work Africa Brazil China Europe India Indonesia Mexico United States More... Publications Maps & Data Charts & Graphs Data Sets Data Visualizations Maps Presentations Videos Blog News Events About Mission & Goals Strategic Plan Managing for Results Experts & Staff Board of Directors Annual Reports Donors Sustainability at WRI Get Involved: Individuals Get Involved: Corporations Careers Internships Contact Topics Climate Energy Food Forests Water Cities Search Search Business Economics Finance Governance You are here Home > STATEMENT: At COP22 in Marrakech, Climate Negotiators Agree to Roadmap to 2018 STATEMENT: At COP22 in Marrakech, Climate Negotiators Agree to Roadmap to 2018 Statement - November 18, 2016 Tweet MARRAKECH (November 18, 2016) – The UN climate negotiations (COP22) concluded today in Marrakech, Morocco with countries agreeing to finalize the rules for the Paris Agreement by 2018 as well as other key decisions to advance implementation of the global pact. Following is a statement from Paula Caballero, Global Director, Climate Program, World Resources Institute: “The Marrakech climate talks affirmed the world’s strong commitment to international climate action. Delegates in Marrakech made crucial progress in building the foundation to support the Paris Agreement, which went into force just days before COP22. Most importantly, negotiators agreed to finalize the rules of the Paris Agreement by 2018 and developed a clear roadmap to meet that deadline. With a final rulebook in hand, the 2018 climate summit will set the stage for countries to put forward their enhanced national climate plans in 2020. “Notably, the first substantive decision under the Paris Agreement was that it should be served by the Adaptation Fund, to which Belgium, Germany, Italy, and Sweden together pledged $81 million in new contributions. Negotiators in Marrakech also emphasized the importance of expanding support for developing countries to address climate change, particularly for adaptation. In order to maintain trust, developed countries must continue to scale-up funding in line with their $100 billion commitment by 2020. “There is no ignoring that the election of Donald Trump sent reverberations through the negotiation halls, but delegates carried on with a strong spirit of determination. No country stepped back from its commitment to climate action. On the contrary, in the few days since the election, Australia, Botswana, Japan, Pakistan, Italy and others have joined the Paris Agreement. Support for climate action remains unshakeable. “Outside the negotiations, climate progress is also moving forward. The launch of the NDC Partnership brought together 33 countries and 9 international institutions to accelerate climate action on the ground and advance sustainable development. Morocco, which is the co-chair of the NDC Partnership and served as the COP22 president, deserves particular recognition for their steadfast and effective leadership. In addition, four countries – the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Germany -- put forward serious strategies for deep emissions reductions by mid-century. “National governments were not the only ones taking the long view at Marrakech. As of this week, 200 companies, representing $4.8 trillion in market value, have put forward emissions targets in line with science, among them Wal-Mart, Mars Inc., and Sony. “Climate change has clearly shifted from a siloed issue to being at the center of international relations. Last year, 195 countries adopted the Paris Agreement, one of the brightest spots of global cooperation in recent memory. With climate risks mounting and opportunities for sustainable development expanding, the global community remains fully committed to its success. “At COP22, there was growing recognition that countries will not reach their sustainable development goals without addressing climate change, nor can climate change be addressed without promoting sustainable development. The continued well-being of our economies and societies demands urgent action towards a zero-carbon, climate resilient world.” Contact Rhys Gerholdt Communications Manager rgerholdt@wri.org +1 (202) 729-7639 Topics: Climate Resources CAIT Paris Contributions Data data set Blog Post What to Watch at COP22 in Marrakech November 04, 2016 Stay Connected SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS Get our latest commentary, upcoming events, publications, maps, and data. Sign up for the weekly WRI Digest. Sign Up Leave this field blank Donate to WRI Donate Get Involved For corporations For individuals Follow WRI Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn RSS WRI Resources Charts & Graphs Data Sets Data Visualizations Maps Presentations Videos 10 G Street NE Suite 800 Washington, DC 20002, USA Phone +1 (202) 729-7600 Fax +1 (202) 729-7686 Footer Menu Support WRI Charity Ratings
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:32am Mon 21 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox The tiny faces of a holiday toy craze: How Shopkins became big business By Sarah Halzack 1:25 PM Saturday Nov 19, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Australia Business Internet Retail Trade Retailing Shopping United States A selection of Shopkins, the hottest toy in toy stores. Photo / Bill O'Leary Vicki Vanilla. Susie Sausage. Buncho Bananas. If these names sound like gibberish to you now, consider yourself warned: There's a good chance you'll soon be on a frantic hunt to get them under your Christmas tree. These tiny plastic characters are part of an explosively growing line of toys called Shopkins, which can perhaps best be described as personified versions of items you'd find at the grocery store or the mall - miniature pastries or high heels with cute faces. After just over two years in stores, Shopkins has become a huge business: Market research firm NPD Group reports that a 12-pack of assorted Shopkins was the single best-selling toy in 2015, edging out items from popular properties such as Star Wars and Barbie. The line's US market share rivals that of established brands such as My Little Pony and American Girl, according to Euromonitor. And so far this year, Shopkins has seen a 98 percent increase in sales. As with any toy craze - Cabbage Patch Kids, Tickle Me Elmo, Skylanders - it's hard to pinpoint exactly why these characters have captured kids' attention and parents' wallets to the extent they have. But industry analysts say that much of it has to do with finding a niche in the noisy toy marketplace that wasn't being filled. Shopkins are designed to be collectibles. Like baseball cards or Pokémon, you trade them with your friends. There are rare characters that keep you constantly scouring the toy store, hoping to add to your trove. Prior to Shopkins' arrival, "there really hadn't been a strong collectible for girls," said Laurie Schacht, co-publisher at toy review site The Toy Insider. Indeed, that was an opening that executives at Moose Toys noticed when they decided to develop Shopkins, whose primary audience is 6- to 10-year-old girls. Continued below. Related Content Kaikoura man calls for more support after earthquake Unsafe buildings displace workers and residents What you should get your pet for Christmas The relatively small Australian toy company had seen some healthy sales for a boy-centric line called Trash Pack, a collectible set of what chief executive Paul Solomon describes as "gross little characters who live in garbage cans." "We saw the opportunity to come out with more of a girl-skewed or girl-themed line," Solomon said. At a moment when properties such as Lego, Star Wars and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are relying on movie tie-ins to boost sales, Shopkins has taken a different tack, relying heavily on YouTube to connect with kids. From the get-go, the brand has posted one- or two-minute cartoons on the video site - short bits that can easily be watched on a smartphone or tablet. Collectively, the videos have been viewed some 100 million times. "We call it snackable content," Solomon said. That's not the only way YouTube fueled the rise of Shopkins: They have also become popular subjects for so-called unboxing videos, where people film themselves opening a new item. The company has recently pushed to expand its media tie-ins, releasing a full-length movie on DVD this fall. In this era of fast fashion and same-day delivery, Shopkins has made it a practice to introduce new toys at a breakneck pace. It rolls out an army of new characters about every six months, betting that a focus on freshness is important at a moment when kids (and parents) have so many programming and toy choices. Jim Silver, chief executive of toy review site TTPM, said this strategy may be another reason the brand has gained traction. "You can go back to Beanie Baby, how that lasted for many years," Silver said. "What was part of the key is continually refreshing the lines." We saw the opportunity to come out with more of a girl-skewed or girl-themed line. Paul Solomon The price point doesn't hurt either, Silver said. Some items in the line are priced at $2.99, and Solomon says 80 percent of sales are on items that cost $19.99 or less. That means it's the kind of thing kids can buy with their allowance money. It's hard to know whether Shopkins has sparked a broader wave of interest in collectibles, or has simply been the beneficiary of it. But, either way, NPD has found that the category has "significant momentum" heading into the important holiday selling season, with sales up 64 per cent so far this year. Juli Lennett, NPD's toy industry analyst, says there is especially strong growth in sales of what are known as "blind bags," where you buy a toy pack not knowing which characters are inside. Retailers are anticipating a holiday season haul for the brand: US-based Walmart, Toys R Us, Target and Kmart each have some Shopkins property on their "hot toy" lists for the season. Toys R Us has also launched "store within a store" areas for Shopkins at all of its locations that peddle Shopkins and Shopkins-bedecked bedding, jewelry, bicycles and other goods. To be sure, though, the tiny toys will be up against some stiff competition. "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" is set to hit theaters December 16, providing a jolt of momentum to that property. Old-school toys such as games and puzzles have seen monster sales growth so far this year, so items such as Pie Face and Pie Face Showdown are likely to draw big dollars, too. And then there's Hatchimals, a new toy from a company called Spinmaster in which a fuzzy, dancing-and-singing creature hatches from an egg. Stores were starting to run out of Hatchimals in early November, and the US$59.99 (NZ$85) toy is already popping up on eBay with three- and four-figure price tags. Silver said he predicts Hatchimals will sell three times as many units as Tickle Me Elmo did in its 1996 holiday heyday. - Washington Post By Sarah Halzack Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in brief Store mulls on $5.5m Lotto winner The owner of a Whangarei shop which sold a $5.5m winning… Hawke's Bay Today Ratepayers funding legal battle An upcoming prosecution between two Hawke's Bay authorities has been labelled a disaster… Bay of Plenty Times Death at Mount swimming event A swimmer reported missing during a major ocean swim at Mount Maunganui was unable to… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Audi UR Quattro: Rally past makes the case Heritage it has in spades but stone chips this beloved classic will have no more... Viva Celebrity beauty looks we love From Julia Restoin Roitfeld to Marion Cotillard, see the coolest beauty looks of the… True Commercial Ponsonby fire station for sale The high-profile Ponsonby fire station, which has been owned by the New Zealand Fire… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 21 Nov 2016 06:54:29 Processing Time: 20ms
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 34° F Clear Hi: 42° F Lo: 21° F Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Schock allegedly profited off his voters’ Washington visits Updated: 1 min ago CHICAGO (AP) — Aaron Schock is accused of allegedly using government and campaign money to subsidize a lavish lifestyle, as well as pocketin… AP Top Political News at 12:25 p.m. EST Updated: 20 mins ago Trump, Pence address potential of Romney, Mattis in Cabinet Safe Kids survey finds distracted walking on the rise Updated: 45 mins ago ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks Updated: 1 min ago Judge allows suit by ex-TV anchor fired after online remarks Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 34° F Clear Feels Like: 27° F Wind: N 9 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:39 AM Sunset: 5:30 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 34° F Clear Hi: 42° F Lo: 21° F Watch: High-speed in Indianapolis chase ends in crash Staff Reports Published: November 18, 2016, 7:58 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department officers took a suspect into custody following a high speed chase on the city’s northwest side. Chopper 8 caught up with the chase near 71st Street and Michigan Road. Officers at the time were attempting to force the vehicle to stop by spinning the female driver out. Breana Greer was arrested by IMPD. (Provided Photo/IMPD) The vehicle was stopped once during the chase but kept going. Chopper 8 said at least 15 IMPD cars were involved. IMPD dispatchers say the chase started at 86th Street and Michigan Road. The car was finally blocked by officers near 56th Street and Northland Road. According to IMPD, the suspect Breana Greer, made workers at a Hardee’s uneasy. The employees called the 9-1-1, because they believed Greer was trying to rob them. Officers arrived and confronted Greer, that is when police say she ran over an officer’s foot and the chase started. WISH-TV Chopper Pilot Keith McCutchen says Greer reached speeds estimated at 100 mph. It took several stop sticks, and pit maneuvers to get her to stop. She was arrested, and no one was seriously injured. Currently Chief Troy Riggs is in the process of changing IMPD’s pursuit policy, 24-Hour News 8, is learning those details could come down in the coming weeks. Shortly after Riggs was sworn in as chief, he stated he wanted to make changes to IMPD’s pursuit policy to ensure residents would be safer. In July of 2015, a man stolen a pair of jeans at Wal-Mart. He led police on a chase, IMPD eventually called off the pursuit. It would be too late, the suspect crashed into a pickup truck killing a 63-year-old Donna Niblock. The changes to the policy once the details are announced are designed to make residents in Indianapolis safer, when IMPD is in pursuit of a suspect. Some of those changes could include not pursing minor offenders who speed off in a car. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Vehicle hits house in Indianapolis during pursuit Police chase ends in crash, arrest of ‘dangerous felon’ in Indianapolis IMPD: Shootings at headquarters related, shooter could act again Suspect in Indianapolis SWAT standoff charged with murder in Zionsville homicide Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Photos and Poll: Show us your support for your team! Additional arrests made in homicide of local radio personality Photos: News 10 goes pink for breast cancer awareness 2016 WTHI-TV Chili Cookoff Photos: The 641 Bypass from the air Hurricane Matthew in photographs No injuries after Light House Mission fire, 48 residents displaced Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
KEYC - Holiday Sharing Tree Project Kicks Off Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Holiday Sharing Tree Project Kicks Off Posted: Friday, November 18, 2016 6:54 PM EST Updated: Friday, November 18, 2016 7:51 PM EST By Elizabeth Bateson, Reporter Email Connect tvbateson@keyc.com Follow @lizbatesontv MANKATO , MINN. - What started as a class project has now spread Christmas cheer to over 58,000 people since 1985. "There was an MSU student who used it as a class project. He did it for one year, he gathered together some media and at the time, Mankato Mall. They decided to put together this giving program," said Project Manager Liz Thiesse. Thirty–one seasons later, the number of presents under the tree has multiplied. "In 1985 when the program started, we filled the needs of about 185 families. Last year we filled the needs of over 900 families," said Thiesse. This year, the Holiday Sharing Tree Project is working to give back to 2,500 families in Blue Earth and Nicollet County that are in need this holiday season. "We have never had a year that we have not filled all of our needs," said Thiesse. The project kicked off this morning at Profinium Bank, where the first gift was put under the tree. "Our employees gave a cash donation of $1450. We also contribute 30 different gift cards through the campaign here," said Profinium Bank Market President Paul Osdoba. Thiesse added, "We use donations to fill the needs of the Giving Cards that don't get picked up and also for any Giving Card that for some reason not returned. The donations ensure that everyone receives a gift this holiday season." There are 7 tree locations: River Hills Mall, Madison East Center, Wal-Mart, both Hy-Vee locations in Mankato, Nutter Clothing and First National Bank Minnesota in St. Peter. Volunteers can pick up a giving card, buy a gift and place it under the tree at these locations. "These are items that almost everyone takes for granted most every day, a pair of jeans, a pair of socks, a sweatshirt. To see that recipient come and pick up their gift at distribution and most of the time it is the only gift they receive during the holiday season. It makes all of the work so worth it," said Thiesse. The estimated value for a gift is $20–$25. The donation period begins Friday and lasts through December 17th. --KEYC News 12. Thrive: Eat, Move, SleepMore>> November is Men's Health Awareness Month November is Men's Health Awareness Month November is Men's Health Awareness month. The greater Mankato community embraces this with "No Shave November."  November is Men's Health Awareness month. The greater Mankato community embraces this with "No Shave November."  Organize Your Fridge To Keep Food Fresh Organize Your Fridge To Keep Food Fresh Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 8:06 PM EST2016-11-15 01:06:18 GMT There are ways to organize your refrigerator to maximize food safety, freshness and longevity. April Graff, a registered dietitian with Hy-Vee Food Stores, says a first step is to put the healthy options for eating front and center and at eye level.  There are ways to organize your refrigerator to maximize food safety, freshness and longevity. April Graff, a registered dietitian with Hy-Vee Food Stores, says a first step is to put the healthy options for eating front and center and at eye level.  Eye Care for Diabetes Patients Eye Care for Diabetes Patients Updated: Tuesday, November 8 2016 11:40 PM EST2016-11-09 04:40:26 GMT The National Institute of Diabetes estimates that more than 29 million people in the United States have diabetes. November is Diabetes awareness month. Doctor of Optometry Nathaniel Graham says eye exams every 6 to 12 months are critical for patients with diabetes. The National Institute of Diabetes estimates that more than 29 million people in the United States have diabetes. November is Diabetes awareness month. Doctor of Optometry Nathaniel Graham says eye exams every 6 to 12 months are critical for patients with diabetes. Coffee: Brewing a Cup of Health Coffee: Brewing a Cup of Health Updated: Monday, November 7 2016 6:44 PM EST2016-11-07 23:44:34 GMT Statistics show that more than half of Americans 18 years and older drink at least one cup of coffee per day. Hy-Vee dietitian Laura Schmidt says dietary guidelines now tell us, that is okay!  Statistics show that more than half of Americans 18 years and older drink at least one cup of coffee per day. Hy-Vee dietitian Laura Schmidt says dietary guidelines now tell us, that is okay!  Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep: Getting Healthy Sleep Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep: Getting Healthy Sleep Updated: Tuesday, November 1 2016 6:47 PM EDT2016-11-01 22:47:42 GMT It happens to all of us on occasion...we wake up in the middle of the night and find it hard to fall back asleep. In this Thrive segment, KEYC News 12s Lisa Cownie tells us what we should...and shouldn't do when that happens. It happens to all of us on occasion...we wake up in the middle of the night and find it hard to fall back asleep. In this Thrive segment, KEYC News 12s Lisa Cownie tells us what we should...and shouldn't do when that happens. Basketball: Sport for All Basketball: Sport for All Updated: Friday, October 28 2016 8:00 PM EDT2016-10-29 00:00:20 GMT Basketball is a popular sport no matter what the age or ability. Scheels expert Chip Klabough says it's also a sport that requires little equipment, and thus, investment. He says things to keep in mind are the size of the basketball, which varies depending on age and gender. He also says backboards come in various materials and frames, so try them all out to see which will best suit your needs. Klabough says basketball is great exercise, particularly for cardio if playing a game.  Basketball is a popular sport no matter what the age or ability. Scheels expert Chip Klabough says it's also a sport that requires little equipment, and thus, investment. He says things to keep in mind are the size of the basketball, which varies depending on age and gender. He also says backboards come in various materials and frames, so try them all out to see which will best suit your needs. Klabough says basketball is great exercise, particularly for cardio if playing a game.  Kids in the Kitchen Kids in the Kitchen Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 3:29 PM EDT2016-10-25 19:29:33 GMT Parents often wonder how to get their kids to eat their vegetables. Hy-Vee dietitian April Graff suggests one way is to get the kids involved in the kitchen!  Parents often wonder how to get their kids to eat their vegetables. Hy-Vee dietitian April Graff suggests one way is to get the kids involved in the kitchen!  Healthy Halloween Healthy Halloween Updated: Tuesday, October 18 2016 8:03 PM EDT2016-10-19 00:03:34 GMT With our thoughts turning to Halloween, our thoughts can also be turning to how to make the holiday a little less scary for our diets.  With our thoughts turning to Halloween, our thoughts can also be turning to how to make the holiday a little less scary for our diets.  Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Scarlets Fall in State Semifinals Scarlets Fall in State Semifinals Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:43 PM EST2016-11-20 04:43:42 GMT Mankato West shutout at the hands of Spring Lake Park. Mankato West shutout at the hands of Spring Lake Park. Crews Respond To A House Fire On Indian Lake Road Crews Respond To A House Fire On Indian Lake Road Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:44 PM EST2016-11-19 03:44:59 GMT Authorities say nobody was injured in the fire.  Authorities say nobody was injured in the fire.  Three Injured in Head On Crash in Waterville Three Injured in Head On Crash in Waterville Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:36 PM EST2016-11-19 03:36:50 GMT Three people are injured in a head on crash in Waterville.  Three people are injured in a head on crash in Waterville.  MSU Tallies First WCHA Win Since 2015 MSU Tallies First WCHA Win Since 2015 Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:44 PM EST2016-11-20 04:44:30 GMT Mavericks topple Buckeyes on home ice. Mavericks topple Buckeyes on home ice. ChiliFest Has A Successful Return in 2016 ChiliFest Has A Successful Return in 2016 Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:34 PM EST2016-11-20 04:34:42 GMT After a scare of not having another ChiliFest—a group got together and organized a new ChiliFest for this year. When it's below 30 degrees outside, it's a great day for a festival celebrating chili. After a scare of not having another ChiliFest—a group got together and organized a new ChiliFest for this year. When it's below 30 degrees outside, it's a great day for a festival celebrating chili.    Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 52° Share The tiny faces of a holiday toy craze: How Shopkins became big business By Sarah Halzack / The Washington Post Published: Friday, November 18th, 2016 at 4:52pm Updated: Friday, November 18th, 2016 at 4:52pm A selection of Shopkins, the hottest toy in toyland. MUST CREDIT: Bill O'Leary, The Washington Post. THE WASHINGTON POST, The Washington Post .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........Vicki Vanilla. Susie Sausage. Buncho Bananas. If these names sound like gibberish to you now, consider yourself warned: There’s a good chance you’ll soon be on a frantic hunt to get them under your Christmas tree. These tiny plastic characters are part of an explosively growing line of toys called Shopkins, which can perhaps best be described as personified versions of items you’d find at the grocery store or the mall – miniature pastries or high heels with cute faces. After just over two years on store shelves, Shopkins has become a huge business: Market research firm NPD Group reports that a 12-pack of assorted Shopkins was the single best-selling toy in 2015, edging out items from popular properties such as Star Wars and Barbie. The line’s U.S. market share rivals that of established brands such as My Little Pony and American Girl, according to Euromonitor. And so far this year, Shopkins has seen a 98 percent increase in sales. Advertisement Continue reading As with any toy craze – Cabbage Patch Kids, Tickle Me Elmo, Skylanders – it’s hard to pinpoint exactly why these characters have captured kids’ attention and parents’ wallets to the extent they have. But industry analysts say that much of it has to do with finding a niche in the noisy toy marketplace that wasn’t being filled. Shopkins are designed to be collectibles. Like baseball cards or Pokémon, you trade them with your friends. There are rare characters that keep you constantly scouring the toy store, hoping to add to your trove. Prior to Shopkins’ arrival, “there really hadn’t been a strong collectible for girls,” said Laurie Schacht, co-publisher at toy review site The Toy Insider. Indeed, that was an opening that executives at Moose Toys noticed when they decided to develop Shopkins, whose primary audience is 6- to 10-year-old girls. The relatively small Australian toy company had seen some healthy sales for a boy-centric line called Trash Pack, a collectible set of what chief executive Paul Solomon describes as “gross little characters who live in garbage cans.” “We saw the opportunity to come out with more of a girl-skewed or girl-themed line,” Solomon said. At a moment when properties such as Lego, Star Wars and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are relying on movie tie-ins to boost sales, Shopkins has taken a different tack, relying heavily on YouTube to connect with kids. From the get-go, the brand has posted one- or two-minute cartoons on the video site – short bits that can easily be watched on a smartphone or tablet. Collectively, the videos have been viewed some 100 million times. “We call it snackable content,” Solomon said. That’s not the only way YouTube fueled the rise of Shopkins: They have also become popular subjects for so-called unboxing videos, where people film themselves opening a new item. The company has recently pushed to expand its media tie-ins, releasing a full-length movie on DVD this fall. Advertisement Continue reading In this era of fast fashion and same-day delivery, Shopkins has made it a practice to introduce new toys at a breakneck pace. It rolls out an army of new characters about every six months, betting that a focus on freshness is important at a moment when kids (and parents) have so many programming and toy choices. Jim Silver, chief executive of toy review site TTPM, said this strategy may be another reason the brand has gained traction. “You can go back to Beanie Baby, how that lasted for many years,” Silver said. “What was part of the key is continually refreshing the lines.” The price point doesn’t hurt either, Silver said. Some items in the line are priced at $2.99, and Solomon says 80 percent of sales are on items that cost $19.99 or less. That means it’s the kind of thing kids can buy with their allowance money. It’s hard to know whether Shopkins has sparked a broader wave of interest in collectibles, or has simply been the beneficiary of it. But, either way, NPD has found that the category has “significant momentum” heading into the important holiday selling season, with sales up 64 percent so far this year. Juli Lennett, NPD’s toy industry analyst, says there is especially strong growth in sales of what are known as “blind bags,” where you buy a toy pack not knowing which characters are inside. Retailers appear to be anticipating a big holiday season haul for the brand: Walmart, Toys R Us, Target and Kmart each have some Shopkins property on their “hot toy” lists for the season. Toys R Us has also launched “store within a store” areas for Shopkins at all of its locations that peddle Shopkins and Shopkins-bedecked bedding, jewelry, bicycles and other goods. To be sure, though, the tiny toys will be up against some stiff competition. “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” is set to hit theaters Dec. 16, providing a jolt of momentum to that property. Old-school toys such as games and puzzles have seen monster sales growth so far this year, so items such as Pie Face and Pie Face Showdown are likely to draw big dollars, too. And then there’s Hatchimals, a new toy from a company called Spinmaster in which a fuzzy, dancing-and-singing creature hatches from an egg. Stores were starting to run out of Hatchimals in early November, and the $59.99 toy is already popping up on eBay with three- and four-figure price tags. Silver said he predicts Hatchimals will sell three times as many units as Tickle Me Elmo did in its 1996 holiday heyday. holiday-toys Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: 1:20pm -- KB Toys Going Out of Business – Dec 11, 2008 Feel free to touch the toys at Bigglesnorts – Oct 15, 2012 Fun and Games: Local toy stores share ideas for some of best, brightest gifts for children – Nov 28, 2013 Sprint to Christmas: Several retailers to remain open right up to holiday’s eve – Dec 19, 2013 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Housing market Business leader Britain’s housing crisis is so serious that it must be tackled now The housebuilding effort of the 1950s – by a Conservative government – puts our current attempts to resolve supply problems to shame. The autumn statement can change that Philip Hammond has a golden opportunity to tackle the housing crisis. Illustration: David Simonds Sunday 20 November 2016 01.59 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close A boost for childcare in the autumn statement would be a profoundly depressing move. And it will be just as dispiriting if there are new programmes to help low-income families. Not because these measures aren’t to be warmly welcomed: it is just that it will tell you that the chancellor is focused on tinkering rather than boldly tackling the most pressing crisis of the age: housing. Last week saw several heavyweight reports into Britain’s housing crisis. The Redfern review, detailing the catastrophic slump in home ownership, told us how real house prices have jumped 151% since 1996, while real earnings have risen only about a quarter as much. The report by the ResPublica thinktank, out the next day, told us how 1.2 million people are languishing on housing waiting lists in England, while more than 6 million face tenure insecurity and no prospect of ever buying their own home. Meanwhile the Lyons Housing Commission reminded us last week how, after decades of failure to build the homes the country needs, public concern about housing is the highest it has been for 40 years. Not that today’s millennials need researchers to tell them about punishingly high rents, one-bed flats costing seven times income, and deposits on new homes that take nearly a lifetime to save. The difference now is that the grown-ups accept that action is urgent – not least because they’re approaching retirement and the kids have still not left home. The problem with housing is that to make a real impact, the sums of money required are truly colossal. Britain’s housing stock is worth £6 trillion. A billion or two, sprinkled here and there on HomeBuy (2005), Open Market HomeBuy (2006), First Buy (2011) and Help to Buy (2013) has been a waste of taxpayers’ money. During the lifetime of these schemes, fewer and fewer young adults and families have been able to buy. It takes tens of billions to actually make a difference. The standard refrain is that we don’t have tens of billions. Cranking up building to the 200,000 units a year most experts say we need as a minimum remains a dream; we don’t have the money, the land or the workers to build them. Yet in 1951 politicians – from the Conservative party, no less – set out a plan to build 300,000 units a year, at a time of much greater austerity, and when the national debt was 200% of GDP compared with 89% now. Harold Macmillan, the wartime minister of supply, was charged with hitting the 300,000 target. Among his requests was for “2,000 million bricks”. Oddly, the Redfern review last week suggested that boosting housing supply will do little to help first-time buyers, and that house prices will remain out of reach. This is unduly pessimistic; a history of British house prices tells you how they remained flat through much of the 1950s and early 1960s, precisely when supply was at its most vigorous – around 400,000 units a year at its peak. We knocked out just 140,000 last year. Finance is cheaper than the 1950s, with even Brexit failing to disrupt the government’s ability to borrow at historically low levels of interest. The money markets are awash with investors happy to accept returns of 1% or 2% a year; housing associations and local authorities are desperate to build both private and public housing. We urgently need to break this logjam, and if not now, then when? Never has there been such near-universal acceptance of the need to act. But while funding is the most important issue, it’s far from the only one: what do we do about planning permission, the green belt, new towns, developers’ land banks, inefficient building methods, minimum space standards and reviving the small and medium-sized housebuilding sector? And the type of housing we build is as important as the volume. Crucially, we need a vision. What we’ll find out this week is whether Hammond has inherited the one-nation instincts of Macmillan, or the dreary austerity of Osborne. Central bankers fight the brickbats Janet Yellen is going nowhere. She will serve out her full term as chair of the US Federal Reserve. At least that is what she said in her first remarks since the upset that handed the US presidency to Donald Trump – a man who was openly critical of the Fed on the campaign trail and said he would replace Yellen when her term expired. But Yellen made it clear she would not be cowed into an early exit – and she also stood firm on the Fed’s intentions to raise US interest rates soon, to reflect an improving jobs market and rising inflation. This is the latest showing of central banker defiance in the face of political meddling. In the UK, policymakers at the supposedly independent Bank of England have been defending their role after prime minister Theresa May broke with protocol and talked about “bad side-effects” from low interest rates and quantitative easing. The Bank’s governor, Mark Carney, seemed unimpressed, commenting days later: “We are not going to take instruction on our policies from the political side.” Downing Street apologised, insisting that May had not intended to attack the governor. But her comments prompted open criticism of Threadneedle Street and Carney from senior Tories and sparked a debate over the Canadian’s future at the Bank. Last week it was deputy governor Ben Broadbent’s turn to fight the Bank’s corner, as he argued that low rates had not driven up inequality. It’s a similar story in the eurozone. Amid nervousness over the rise of anti-establishment movements, the European Central Bank president, Mario Draghi, has been forced to fend off accusations that it is partly to blame. Germany’s finance minister, Wolfgang Schäuble, said rock-bottom interest rates were hurting savers and fuelling rightwing nationalism. It has been open season on central bankers and experts in general this year. But if and when Yellen is forced to remind President Trump that central bank independence is not a matter for debate, she will be in good company. Asda needs more than price cuts Walmart-owned Asda has just revealed its ninth consecutive quarter of declining sales as German discounters Aldi and Lidl eat its breakfast, lunch and dinner. Asda’s new boss, Sean Clarke, insists the grocer’s fortunes are on the turn as carefully targeted price cuts and a decision to put more staff in stores begins to bring back shoppers. Year-on-year sales are now down “only” 5.8%, rather than the 7.5% of three months ago. Tesco has shown it is possible to win back customers by sorting out the basics – like better service and lower prices on everyday items from bread to apples. But Tesco has always traded on broad appeal. Asda’s historical focus on price gives it a much harder job. It is already the cheapest of the major grocers, but is the worst performing by a large margin. It needs to be smarter and more inventive, and put some excitement back in its stores. It needs bigger ideas than just price cuts. More comment Topics Housing market Real estate Housing Communities Autumn statement 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Housing market Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Subscribe to The Herald-News 31°FPartly CloudyFull Forecast News News Home Local State Nation/World Town News and Info Election Government Police Reports Get App Sports Sports Home Local Get App Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features Business A&E Auto Faith Food Health Lifestyle People Pets Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters Our View Another View Video News Video Live Video Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Subscribe to The Herald-News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals e-Edition Feedback Follow Us Forms Photos Photo Store Place an Ad Public Notices Subscribe Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Video Events Newsletter Deals Share More Classified Jobs Wheels Real Estate Gotta Do it: Nov. 20 through Nov. 27 Published: Saturday, Nov. 19, 2016 10:58 p.m. CST • Updated: Saturday, Nov. 19, 2016 11:01 p.m. CST 24th Annual Christmas Drive – For needy District 202-area families. Make monetary donations payable to PTSO Needy Family Drive. Mail to Plainfield High School-Central Campus, Attn. Audrey Stein, 24120 West Fort Beggs Drive, Plainfield, IL 60544. To adopt a family, please Linda Hanley at 815-439-2670 or via e-mail at hanfam7@gmail.com or Stein at 815-436-3200 or via e-mail at astein@psd202.org. • Gently Used Toys, Books, Games and DVD video collection event – Nov. 14 to Dec. 16. Drop-off locations: Grundy County Administration Building, 1320 Union, Morris; Coal City Public Library, 85 N. Garfield St., Coal City; Morris Public Library, 604 Liberty St., Morris; Minooka Three Rivers Library, 109 N. Wabena Ave., Minooka; Channahon Three Rivers Library, 25207 W. Channahon Drive, Channahon; Fossil Ridge Library, 386 W. Kennedy Road, Braidwood. For information, contact Heidi Miller at 815-941-3229 or hmiller@grundyco.org. • Kids Helping Kids program – Donate new, unwrapped toys in the bin near the exit door at Blain’s Farm and Fleet, 451 S. Weber Road, Romeoville. Blain’s will match up to $200,000 in toys across the communities that Blain’s stores serve. •  Mary Wlodarski Agency 2nd Annual Holiday Gift Drive – 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday; and 9 a.m. to noon, Saturday, 2948 Artesian Road #104F, Naperville. Accepting new and unwrapped gifts through Dec. 15 for boys and girls ages 6 to 12 for the George Werden Buck Boys and Girls Club. For information, call 630-270-3317 or visit www.insurewithmary.com. For information regarding the Boys & Girls Club of Joliet, please visit www.bgcjoliet.com. • Mitten Tree – Drop off donations from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, through Dec. 9. Senior Services of Will County, 251 N. Center St., Joliet. For information, call 815-723-9713. • Operation Care Package – Drop off donations from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday. Senior Services of Will County, 251 N. Center St., Joliet. For a list of items for the troops, visit www.operationcarepackage.org. • Santa’s Cops – Joliet police offers are paired up with needy children to shop for Christmas gifts at a local Walmart in early December. Send donation to Santa’s Cops, c/o Officer Frank Coleman, Joliet Police Department, 150 W. Washington St., Joliet, IL 60432. • Toy Drive Drop Site – Menards: 290 North Bolingbrook Drive, Bolingbrook; 17441 Weber Road, Crest Hill; 3956 South Bell Road, Homer Glen; 2524 W Jefferson St., Joliet; 500 Menard Drive, Morris; 13441 S. Route 59, Plainfield. • Toys for Tots – Through Dec. 9. Drop off new, unwrapped toys at each of the New Lenox Fire Protection District’s four fire stations. For information, call  815-463-4500 or visit www.nlfire.com. • Toys for Tots collection site – REM/MAX Ultimate Professionals, 576 Brook Forest Ave., Shorewood. • U.S. Marine Corps Reserve Toys for Tots program – Through Dec. 8. Drop off new toys at Fire Station 1, 14415 S. Coil Plus Drive; Fire Station 2, 23806 W. 135th St.; Fire Station 3, 25001 W. 119th St.; and Fire Station 4, 15930 S. Frederick St. Also at the District Administration and Training Facility, 23748 W. 135th St. Hours for this location are 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday through Friday. Sunday • Breakfast Buffet – 8  to 11 a.m., Knights of Columbus 382, 100 S. 129th Infantry Drive, Joliet. $8 (adults). Children 5 and under are free. Call 815-715-0762. • Pancake Breakfast – 8 to 11:30 a.m., St. Anne Church, 1800 Dearborn St., Crest Hill. $7 (adults) and $4 (children). Age 3 and younger are free. • Open House – 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Joliet Catholic Academy, 1200 N. Larkin Ave., Joliet. For prospective high school students and families. For information, call 815-741-0500 or email admissions@jca-online.org. • St. Joseph Senior Bazaar – 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., St. Joseph’s Park, Raynor Avenue and Theodore St., Joliet. Strollers welcome. Free admission. Bakery and potica sale. 48 tables available. For information, call Rosemary Konopek at 815-730-3936. • “A Christmas Rose” CD release concert – 3 p.m Nov. 20. Messiah Lutheran Church, 19901 Houbolt Road, Joliet. Rose Sochan on piano with guest musicians. For information, call the church at 815-741-4488. Monday • St. Patrick’s Food Pantry – 9 to 11:30 a.m., 710 W. Marion St., Joliet. For those living in the 60436 zip code. For information, call the St. Patrick parish office at 815-727-4746. • Will County Mobile Workforce Center – 9:30 a.m. to noon and 1 to 3:30 p.m., Fountaindale Public Library, 300 W. Briarcliff Road, Bolingbrook. Visit jobs4people.org. • Conversational ESL – 10 a.m., Fountaindale Public Library District, 300 W. Briarcliff Road, Bolingbrook. Call 630-759-2102 or visit fountaindale.org. • English as a Second Language Grammar Club – 10 a.m., Plainfield Public Library, 15025 S. Illinois St., Plainfield. Call 815-263-8145 or email thess@plainfieldpubliclibrary.org. • Microsoft Word – 1:30 p.m., Workforce Center of Will County, 2400 Glenwood Ave., Joliet. How to use Microsoft Word in job searches. RSVP at 815-723-3885 and press 0, or email chellis@willcountyillinois.com. • After School Program – 2 to 6 p.m., Monday through Friday, Boys and Girls Club, 226 E. Clinton St., Joliet. Ages 6 to 18. For rates and information, call 815-723-3434. • Blood Drive –  3 to 7 p.m., Ira Jones Middle School cafeteria, 156320 Wallin Drive, Plainfield. Walk-ins are welcome, appointments are preferred. Call the school at 815-267-3600 or visit www.heartlandbc.org. • St. Vincent’s Table – 5 to 6 p.m., First Baptist Church of Coal City, Route 113, Coal City. Anyone who needs a meal. Free. • Plainfield Township Youth Committee’s Eighth Annual College and Financial Aid Expo – 6 to 8 p.m., Plainfield High School—Central Campus, 24120 W. Fort Beggs Drive, Plainfield. Free. Open to all District 202 students and their families. For information, contact Matthew C. Starr at 815-436-8308 or mstarr@plainfield-township.com. • Introduction to Microsoft Excel – 6:30 p.m., Fountaindale Public Library District, 300 W. Briarcliff Road, Bolingbrook. Call 630-759-2102 or visit fountaindale.org. • Breakfast with Santa registration deadline – Event is 9 a.m. Dec. 3, Aurelio’s Restaurant, 310 W. Lincoln Hwy., Frankfort. Age 6 and under must be accompanied by an adult. Under age 1 admitted free. For information and registration, call 708-390-2401 or visit www.mokenapark.com. Tuesday • Electronics Recycling – 6 to 11 a.m., Lockport Public Works, 17112 Prime Blvd., Lockport. For information, visit www.willcountygreen.com. • Encore Resale Shop – 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and the first Saturday of the month, Silver Cross Hospital Campus, 710 Cedar Crossings Drive, New Lenox. For information, call 815-300-7642 or the hospital’s volunteer services at 815-300-7117. • Master Your Job Search – 2:30 p.m., Workforce Center of Will County, 2400 Glenwood Ave., Joliet. Learn job search skills. RSVP at 815-723-3885 and press 0 or chellis@willcountyillinois.com. • Bingo – 5 p.m., Harry E. Anderson VFW Post 9545, 323 Old Hickory Road, New Lenox. Call 815-485-8369 or visit vfwpost9545.org. • Electronics Recycling – 5 to 7 p.m., 57 W. Marion St., Joliet. For information, visit www.willcountygreen.com. • Bingo – 6:45 p.m., Knights of Columbus, 100 S. Infantry Drive, Joliet. Call 815-725-0746. • Midwest Crossroad Chorus of Sweet Adelines International – 7 p.m., Trinity Christian School, 901 Shorewood Drive, Shorewood. Call 866-588-7464 or visit midwestcrossroad.org. Wednesday • Will County Mobile Workforce Center – 9:30 a.m. to noon and from 1 to 3:30 p.m., Plainfield Public Library, 15025 S. Illinois St., Plainfield. Visit www.jobs4people.org. • ESL Conversation Group – 3 p.m., White Oak Library District, Crest Hill Branch, 20670 Len Kubinski Drive, Crest Hill. Call 815-552-4185 or visit whiteoaklibrary.org. • Electronics Recycling – 5 to 7 p.m., 1100 S. Cedar Road, New Lenox. For information, visit www.willcountygreen.com. • Thanksgiving Eve Service– 7:30 p.m., Prayer Tower Ministries Church of God in Christ, 500 Stryker Ave., Joliet. Thursday • Thanksgiving Mass – 9 a.m.,  St. Mary Immaculate Parish, 15629 S. Route 59, Plainfield. No 7:30 a.m. Mass this day. Parish office closed 4:14 p.m. Nov. 22 and reopens 8:15 a.m. Nov. 28. For information, visit www.smip.org. Friday • Home for the Holidays – Also Nov. 26, Downtown Morris. Visit www.downtownmorris.com. • Will County Mobile Workforce Center – 9:30 a.m. to noon, Frankfort Public Library District, 21119 S. Pfeiffer Road, Frankfort. • Will County Mobile Workforce Center – 1:30 to 3:30 p.m., Mokena Public Library, 11327 W. 195th St., Mokena. • Fish Fry – 11 a.m. to 9 p.m., Knights of Columbus Council 4400, 1813 E. Cass St., Joliet. Fish, chicken and shrimp. Carryout. Call 815-723-3827. • Fish Fry – 11 a.m. to 8 p.m., Stone City VFW Post 2199, 124 Stone City Drive, Joliet. Dining room opens 4 p.m. Carryouts available. Call 815-722-7122. • Bingo – Doors open 4 p.m. Cards begin 6 p.m., St. Mary Nativity School, 702 N. Broadway St., Joliet. • Fish Fry/Karaoke – Fish fry is 4 to 8 p.m. Karaoke is 8 p.m. to midnight, Cantigny VFW Post 367, 826 Horseshoe Drive, Joliet. Call 815-722-5398. • Fish Fry – 4 to 7:30 p.m., Croatian Cultural Club, 1503 Clement St., Joliet. Dine-in or carryout. For carryout, call 815-723-3154. • Fish Fry – 5 p.m., Harry E. Anderson VFW Post 9545, 323 Old Hickory Road, New Lenox. Karaoke begins at 8:30 p.m. Call 815-485-8369 or visit vfwpost9545.org. • Annual Lighted Float Parade – 5:30 p.m., Franklin and Washington streets in Morris to Chapin Park. Concludes with annual lighting. Santa. For information, call Julie Applegate at 815-941-0245 Saturday • Breakfast with Santa – 8 a.m. to noon, St. Mary Immaculate Parish School gym 15629 S. Route 59, Plainfield. $5 admission. • Forest Preserve District of Will County Volunteer Workday – 8 a.m. to noon, Hickory Creek Barrens Nature Preserve – Brightway Lane, New Lenox. For information, email rgauchat@fpdwc.org or call 815-722-7364. • Post Thanksgiving Vegetable Oil Recycling Event – 9 a.m. to noon, Grundy County Animal Control, 310 East DuPont Road, Lynn Road Entrance, Morris. Only vegetable oils accepted. For information, call 815-941-3229. • The Seventh Annual Christmas Shoppe – 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Plymouth Congregational Church, 24022 W. Lockport, Plainfield. Area vendors, custom-made jewelry,  candles, handmade crafts, knitted/crocheted items by “The KnitWits” of Plymouth Church, homemade baked goods. Free admission, coffee and hot chocolate. Stroller and wheelchair accessible. • Fish Fry – 4 to 8 p.m., Knights of Columbus Council 4400, 1813 E. Cass St., Joliet. Carryout. Call 815-723-3827. Nov. 27 • NAMI Family Support Group (Bolingbrook) – 6 p.m., Adventist Bolingbrook Hospital, Inspire Room, 500 Remington Blvd., Bolingbrook. For information, call 815-731-9103 or email info@namiwillgrundy.org. Previous Page|1|2|3|4|5|Next Page| Comments Related Links Gotta Do it: Nov. 20 through Nov. 27 Gotta Do it: Nov. 6 through Nov. 13 Gotta Do it: Oct. 30 through Nov. 5 Gotta Do it: Oct. 23 through Oct. 30 Gotta Do It: Oct. 16 to Oct. 23 Gotta Do It: Oct. 9 to Oct. 16 Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from The Herald-News. More News Lockport Township High School student named National Merit SemifinalistNov. 20, 2016 - 5:30 am Joliet Central High School senior attends leadership conferenceNov. 20, 2016 - 5:30 am Herb Brooks, Rita Gray named to Will County Children’s Advocacy Center BoardNov. 20, 2016 - 5:30 am Nominations sought for seventh annual Plainfield Foundation for Excellence Alumni Hall of FameNov. 20, 2016 - 5:30 am NHBW Joliet chapter to host annual Founder's Day celebrationNov. 20, 2016 - 5:30 am Gotta Do it: Nov. 20 through Nov. 27Nov. 19, 2016 - 11:01 pm Comments Reader Poll    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs | Business Showcase | About Our Ads Customer Service: toll-free (800) 397-9397 Copyright © 2016 The Herald-News. All rights reserved. Published in Joliet, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Frys Black Friday 2016 Ad: Deals Require Email Sign-Up Posted: Nov 19 2016, 11:04am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Frys Black Friday 2016 Ad   The Fry's Black Friday 2016 ad leaked with deals priced so low that these deals can only be sent via email. The Fry's Black Friday 2016 sale works different than other Black Friday sales events. Fry's requires Black Friday shoppers to sign-up to Fry's email newsletter to get promo codes for Black Friday. Don't Miss: The Best Black Friday 4K HDR TV Deals In the leaked Fry's Black Friday 2016 ad the popular consumer electronics retailer says that they partnered with manufacturers to offer deals this holiday season that are below internet prices. The Fry's Black Friday deals are so low that manufacturers require Fry's to make these offers only available via email. The 4-page Frys Black Friday 2016 is packed with deals on tech. Fry's deals include a $99 32-inch Memorex TV, $599 55-inch Samsung 4K UHD Smart TV and a $89 8.95" Windows 10 laptop with 32GB storage. All the advertised deals require a promo code that Fry's sends out via email ahead of the Fry's Black Friday 2016 Sale. To sign-up for the Fry's Black Friday visit frys.com/signmeup. The promo codes are also required for in store deal shopping. Fry's Black Friday 2016 sale is expected to be available from 5pm to 11pm on Thanksgiving Day in stores. The sale continues on Black Friday from 8am to 10pm. The Fry's Black Friday 2016 ad is available on Black Friday sites including BFAds. Fry's Black Friday flyer has been added to our Black Friday 2016 Ads master list, featuring over 75 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. You can find over 70 Black Friday 2016 Ads including the most popular ads from Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 42 minutes ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 3 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 4 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 6 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 6 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 7 hours ago Walmart launches Samsung Black Friday Sales Event 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 3 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 42 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 1 hour ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Black Friday Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Holiday Gifts Cyber Monday     Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Posted: Nov 19 2016, 12:56pm CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 20 2016, 12:04am CST, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Photo Credit: Amazon   The announced Amazon Black Friday 2016 deals on the Amazon Kindle devices are released. Amazon announced a dozen Black Friday deals on its own products to go on sale during the Black Friday Deals Week that began Friday. The advertised deals on the Kindle, Kindle for Kids, Kindle Paperwhite and Kindle Voyage are released as of at 9:10pm PST (12:10am ET) Nov 19. Customers can save $30 on each of the Kindle ereader Amazon is offering except the Kindle Paperwhite, which is only $20 off. Don't Miss: Hatchimals in Stock at Walmart To launch deals ten minutes after the full hour is kind of curious, but this is what the the Amazon listings state. Amazon is usually launching Black Friday deals on Kindle and its other devices as deals of the day at midnight PST. The upcoming Kindle sale is taking a different approach. At this point it is not known how long Amazon will offer the Black Friday Kindle deals. The odd launch time might suggest a less than 24 hour sales window. There are already new Kindle Essentials Bundles on sale with up to 20% savings on the Amazon Devices Deals page. The deals on the Amazon Kindle line-up are as follows: $49.99 Kindle $69.99 Kindle for Kids Bundle $99.99 Kindle Paperwhite $169.99 Kindle Voyage Amazon has updated the Kindle this year. Th All-new design is thinner and lighter, and now available in your choice of black or white. The touchscreen display reads like real paper with no screen glare, even in bright sunlight. The Kindle uses actual ink particles and proprietary, hand-built fonts to create crisp text similar to what you see in a physical book. The blacks and whites on the screen are uniform, improving text and image quality. The battery lasts for weeks and the storage on the entry-level Kindle is good for thousands of books. Amazon has not announced Black Friday deals on the latest addition to the Kindle line-up. The Kindle Oasis is not going to be on sale. Amazon might save up a Kindle Oasis deal for Cyber Monday. Find all Amazon Black Friday deals on sale today at amazon.com. To help spot the best early Black Friday 2016 deals each day on Amazon use this handy list of the Amazon Black Friday deals pages.  The 2016 Amazon Black Friday Deals Week begins on Friday November 18. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals have been announced on November 16. The list of deals stuns with $69.99 32-inch TV, a $398 55-inch LG 4K UHD Smart TV and many more deals. Amazon offers this year overall 35 days of Black Friday deals. The Amazon Black Friday Deals Store is the deals destination for customers with tens of thousands of deals, and new deals as often as every five minutes, now through December 22. Amazon shoppers can find more deals than ever before this holiday season announced the online retail giant, including low prices on top gifts such as electronics, toys, clothing, jewelry, kitchen items, and more. In fact, Amazon is offering up to 20 compelling Deals of the Day in a single day. Read everything you need to know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale. Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals. The big four Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with over 75 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. When is Black Friday? Black Friday is now, but the actual Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 24 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago Sears Black Friday Member Private Night Sale Begins Tonight 4 hours ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago Stunning View of Ceres Captured as Dawn Spacecraft Moves to a Higher Orbit 3 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC Countries to join Global Connectivity Revolution 4 hours ago People Prefer Wi-Fi Over Sex, Chocolate or Alcohol 4 hours ago Hatchimals Sell Now at ToysRUs for $59.99 5 hours ago Best Black Friday Deals for Smartphones 5 hours ago CDC Reveals Top 5 Causes of Death in US 7 hours ago Soyuz MS-03 Docks at ISS with 3 Astronauts Aboard 7 hours ago Best Buy Black Friday Early Access Event Begins Midnight 7 hours ago Avocado Extract in Food may Prevent Bacterial Illness 8 hours ago Amazon Black Friday 2016 Ad Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today How to Beat Bots to Buy Nintendo NES Classic at Walmart Each Day at 5pm   Amazon Black Friday Kindle Deals Are Released Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals That Win Black Friday Black Friday Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 24 minutes ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago New Best Buy Pre-Black Friday Ad Promotes Deals on TVs and Microsoft Surface 4 hours ago More Black Friday Stories Latest News Black Friday Deals To Know About Today 24 minutes ago Kia Super Bowl 2017 Ad Confirmed 1 hour ago New Nintendo 3DS Black Friday Deal: Stores, Times and Everything else You need to know 2 hours ago Lowe's Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed by Scott Brothers include Parrot Drone Deal 2 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the Black Friday deals are on sale now. The Black Friday Deals Tracker allows shoppers to quickly find out which Black Friday 2016 deals are on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals all week starting Nov. 18. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Admin Home About Us Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Bridal Obituaries Church Directory Directory   Call Us (901) 433-9138 2850 Stage Village Cove No. 5 Bartlett, TN. 38134 Fax (901) 529-7687 News: bartlett.editor@journalinc.com Advertising: vickie.clark@journalinc.com  Subscribe in a reader Pages Navigation Menu News Business Careers Charitable City and County Arlington Atoka Bartlett Bolton Collierville Cordova Germantown Lakeland Memphis Millington Court cases Education Collegiate Corner Private Schools School Districts Arlington Community Schools Bartlett City Schools Lakeland School System Employment History Back in Bartlett Housing Military Matters Obits Public Safety Fire Police Sheriff Tennessee Weather Sports Baseball Basketball Clubs/Leagues Football Hunting and Fishing Soccer Softball Wrestling Living Art, Music & Theater Events Church Directory Faith Features Learning to Live Again Health Senior Citizens Society Anniversaries Pageants Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Legals Classifieds Special Sections Events eEdition Assaults, shoplifting, thefts hit Arlington in late October The Shelby County Sheriff’s Office handled the following incidents in Arlington during the second half of October. For earlier October incidents, see last week’s issue of The Bartlett Express. Editor’s note: All suspects are presumed to be innocent until proven guilty in a court of law, and values are estimated for stolen/damaged items. These are brief summaries of detailed SCSO reports. Oct. 17 Chester Road (motor vehicle theft/motorcycle) A woman reported on Oct. 17 that someone had stolen her unsecured four-wheeler about a month earlier. She left her home around 2 p.m. Sept. 19, and the Eton Viper ($2,000) was gone from her back porch when she returned around 4 p.m. The victim didn’t have any suspects but believes they left toward the field by an adjacent church, which has surveillance cameras. She wasn’t able to provide the vehicle’s identification number or serial number at the time of the report. U.S. 70 (misdemeanor shoplifting) A known shoplifter was successful on one of her three visits to Fred’s in October, a store employee reported on Oct. 17. She said the suspect was recognized from a Jan. 16 shoplifting attempt that was captured on video. A security announcement prompted her to leave without stealing anything on Oct. 15, but she successfully took a Naxa DVD player undetected on Oct. 16. She returned the next day but left again without a theft when store personnel made another security announcement. A review of store surveillance video revealed the Oct. 16 theft. Oct. 19 Airline Road (simple assault) Two assistant principals at Arlington High School reported that a prankster put a condom on another student’s desk while the other student was asleep. The other student got angry and struck the prankster on the head during class, as witnessed by several students and a teacher. The school put the angry student in in-house suspension for that day, and he received a juvenile summons and a three-day suspension. Cranston Drive/Airline Road (individual robbery) A ninth-grader walking home from Arlington High School reported having to hand over his Nikes to robbers on Oct. 19. He was walking east on Cranston when two unknown black males pulled up to him in a black Jeep Wrangler. He said the passenger climbed out, lightly punched his left arm and pointed to his orange Nike shoes ($70). The victim said he was afraid, so he took off the shoes and handed them to the suspect. The two suspects drove west on Cranston and then south onto Airline. Neither spoke during the robbery. The victim said their Wrangler appeared to be a stock older model. Oct. 20 Doctor Logan Cove (simple assault) A woman needing help to care for her elderly mother instead got pushed around, she reported on Oct. 20. She lives with her mother and said she called her brother to come help. When he arrived, they argued and he left, but he returned at their mother’s request. The argument returned too. That’s when he pushed her in the chest, she said, and he grabbed her arms when she said she was calling 911. He fled in his truck before officers arrived. The woman said she suffered no injuries. Oct. 22 Chester Street (theft from motor vehicle) A woman’s car wasn’t safe for 30 minutes at Hughes-College Hill Park (5980 Chester Street), she discovered on Oct. 22. She parked in the lot around 4:45 p.m. and returned around 5:15 p.m. to find her left rear passenger window shattered. The only item taken was a small black purse that only contained a driver’s license. The responding officer wasn’t able to lift any latent fingerprints at the scene. Oct. 23 Airline Road (intimidation) The manager at Domino’s (5870 Airline Road) said he asked a man to leave but the man instead threatened him. The suspect said he would “f___ him up” if the manager kept getting into his business. The manager said he felt threatened because the suspect usually just leaves when asked to do so. The suspect left before the officer arrived. U.S. 70 (intimidation) A mother reported Oct. 23 that her daughter’s stepmother was delivering foul-mouthed harassment. She said her daughter remained in the car while she went into Kroger (11635 U.S. 70) between 9 p.m. and about 10:15 p.m. The daughter then saw a black four-door sedan drive by several times and eventually recognized her stepmother. The daughter said the woman began to curse at her, called her names, said her father didn’t love her and warned that she’d better watch her back if she came to their house again. The daughter said her stepmother then laughed and drove off. The mother said it wasn’t the first time the stepmother has behaved this way, but she wants it to stop. Oct. 25 Airline Road (misdemeanor shoplifting) A frustrated beer buyer turned into a beer thief, according to an employee at the Exxon gas station (4935 Airline Road). The customer, a white male, entered around 1:05 a.m. to buy beer, but he left when told the beer coolers had already been locked for the evening. The employee was mopping the floor when the man returned, grabbed two 12-packs of Bud Lite from a store display near the door and left in a small dark older vehicle. Airline Road (theft from building) Someone stole the French horn mouthpiece from a mellophone, a band member reported at Arlington High School on Oct. 25. The victim said he was practicing with the band around 3 p.m., and they left the instruments on the field while they took a break. When he returned, the mouthpiece was missing. Oct. 27 U.S. 70 (business burglary) Burglars who cut through the rear wall at Fred’s (11888 U.S. 70) stole an estimated $20,000 in various medicines. Officers responded to the alarm at 5:08 a.m. Oct. 27 and found the entry spot and several bottles of Oxycodone, morphine and Vyvanse lying nearby. The crude entry point led through a rear stockroom and into the pharmacy area. Inside, several shelves were knocked over and medications spilled across the floor. The smell of something burnt hung in the air, and one officer spotted the pharmacy safe, marred with burn marks, a hole cut in the side, pry marks on its doors and damage to the lock. The safe’s shelves were empty. Store surveillance footage showed the intruders inside around 3 a.m., crawling toward the safe. They appeared to be wearing black hooded jackets, dark pants and gloves. They used what looked like a cutting torch to open the side of the safe and pry bars and a hammer to defeat the locking mechanisms. They left the same way they entered at 4:28 a.m. A responding crime scene tech found no fingerprints on the pry bar and hammer left behind. The exact quantity and brand of stolen products was not known at the time of the report. Brockwell Street (residential burglary) A daytime burglary left one homeowner missing weapons, electronics, tools and a trailer on Oct. 27. The victim said sometime between 7 a.m. and around 3 p.m. someone damaged his home’s rear door and stole a Springfield Armory handgun, a Stevens/J. Stevens Arms Co. shotgun, a Vizio TV and a Dell laptop from the house. Items missing from the garage included a Campbell air compressor, a Linchon welder, an Echo weed trimmer, a DeWALT miter saw, a DeWALT wrench, Hitachi nail fun, a Barnett crossbow and a DeWALT jigsaw. Someone also took the tandem-axle trailer from his backyard. The victim’s guns were entered into the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database but he didn’t have serial numbers for the other items missing. A crime scene officer wasn’t able to obtain any latent fingerprints at the scene. U.S. 70 (business robbery) A cashier at Dollar General (12035 U.S. 70) said someone robbed her at gunpoint on Oct. 27. She was checking out a customer when the suspect came through the front door, holding a black handgun and demanding money from the cash drawer. The cashier grabbed all the money ($120) and put it into the suspect’s bag. The robber backed out and then ran west. The business has video of the crime. The suspect wore a black hoodie, a white cloth over the face, white gloves and gray sweatpants. The robbery happened between 4:05 p.m. and 4:30 p.m. U.S. 70 (misdemeanor shoplifting) Two citizens tackled a would-be shoplifter outside Dollar General (12035 U.S. 70) on Oct. 27. The incident happened between 6:45 p.m. and 7:25 p.m. Witnesses said the suspect ran outside with merchandise stuck inside his pants and in his pants legs and in a white basket he carried. The 34 items taken were mostly cleaning items (soap for men and women) and general merchandise, totaling $411.30. All was recovered and returned to the store. The business captured video of the incident. Oct. 28 U.S. 70 (business burglary) An alarm call brought officers to the Citgo (11933 U.S. 70) just before 2 a.m. Oct. 28, where they found the front door standing open. Someone had pried open the wrought iron security door. The security camera facing the front door inside was knocked from its mounting, and the alarm panel was removed from the wall. Two areas in the rear of the business also were possible access points, where someone had peeled back the metal siding. The intruder(s) took about $3,145 from multiple locations in the store as well as 21 cartons of Newport cigarettes ($1,239). A crime scene officer lifted fingerprints at the scene, and the store owner said he can provide surveillance video later. Memphis Arlington Road (counterfeiting/forgery) A woman reported on Oct. 28 that someone had been fraudulently writing checks on her savings account at an unknown Walmart location. They included checks for $161.07 on Oct. 3, and $80 and $79.26, both on Oct. 20. Airline Road (simple assault) A mother reported that a male student assaulted her daughter in the hallway at Arlington High School on Oct. 28. The victim said they were playing in the hall, with him playing like he was swinging his fist at her, and she grabbed his sunglasses from his front shirt pocket. She said he got angry when she wouldn’t return them, so he placed his left forearm on the front of her neck and was choking her. She pushed him back, she said, and then gave him back his sunglasses and told him not to touch her again. She texted her mother about the incident, and the mother came to school and got the assistant principal and officers involved. The male student told essentially the same story but said he didn’t mean harm and that he wanted to apologize. Both the victim and suspect said they know each other and consider each other friends. Neither student received a juvenile summons. The male student received a three-day school suspension. Oct. 31 White Briar Drive (other larceny/access device) On Halloween night, an Arlington man reported that someone used his Southern Security MasterCard for fraudulent charges totaling about $440. One charge was $240 for General Insurance on Oct. 28, and the other was for to Ticketmaster for $200 on Oct. 29. The victim has since canceled the card and advised Southern Security of the fraudulent charges. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)   Posted by  Carolyn Bahm Posted in  Arlington, News, Public Safety, Sheriff    Nov, 17, 2016   No Comments.   ← Previous Post Next Post → Click here to cancel reply. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Comments Carolyn Bahm on Book Stop Plus gets new owner Melanie on Local ‘Cop Stop’ luncheon honors officers’ work Bob on Book Stop Plus gets new owner Recent Posts Legals for Nov. 17, 2016 Support Bartlett parks with donations to new fund Panther Playhouse stages zany play Nov. 10-12 Bartlett awards bids, progresses on projects Vet clinic donates land, benefits memorial park in Lakeland Get email updates Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Like us on Facebook! Like us on Facebook! Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 Calendar November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Journal Inc Sites Daily Journal West 10 Sites Millington Star Shelby Sun Times Collierville Independent Oakland News Follow Us Twitter Facebook Email Contact Us Most Recent Articles Legals for Nov. 17, 2016 Support Bartlett parks with donations to new fund Panther Playhouse stages zany play Nov. 10-12 Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 Bartlett Express - West Tennessee News Black Bird WordPress Theme by InkThemes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Billboard 200 Chart Moves: Stevie Nicks' 'Bella Donna' Returns, Michael Buble's 'Christmas' Gains 11/19/2016 by Keith Caulfield FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Danny Clinch Stevie Nicks On the latest Billboard 200 albums chart (dated Nov. 26), Bon Jovi notched its sixth No. 1 album with the debut of This House Is Not For Sale. The set earned 129,000 equivalent album units in the week ending Nov. 10, according to Nielsen Music, of which 128,000 were in traditional album sales. The Billboard 200 chart ranks the week’s most popular albums based on their overall consumption. That overall unit figure combines pure album sales, track equivalent albums (TEA) and streaming equivalent albums (SEA). Now, let’s take a closer look at some of the action on the latest Billboard 200 chart. -- Various Artists, Now 60 - No. 7: The long-running Now That’s What I Call Music series sees the 60th volume in its main, numbered collection arrive at No. 7 with 36,000 units (all from traditional album sales). All 60 of the main, numbered Now albums have reached the top 10. Meanwhile, over on the Top Holiday Albums chart, another Now-branded compilation -- Now That’s What I Call a Merry Christmas, zooms up the list. It climbs 26-15 with 4,000 sold in the latest tracking week (up 89 percent). The album is the tenth Christmas title from the Now series, including two country-specific holiday albums. Collectively, the 10 albums have sold 8 million in the U.S., according to Nielsen Music, and the first nine albums all reached the top 10 on the Top Holiday Albums chart. The series got off to a robust start with 2001’s Now That’s What I Call Christmas!, which spent 14 weeks at No. 1 on the Top Holiday Albums chart and has sold 3.51 million. On the all-genre Billboard 200 chart, the set peaked at No. 3, making it the highest-charting Christmas compilation ever.  -- Michael Buble, Christmas - No. 45: The singer’s former No. 1 album roars up the tally, flying from No. 129 to No. 45 with 10,000 units (up 91 percent) and 7,000 in album sales (up 108 percent). The blockbuster set spent five weeks atop the chart following its 2011 debut. In total, it has sold 3.9 million copies and is Buble’s best-selling release. -- Stevie Nicks, Bella Donna (Deluxe Edition) - No. 128: A new expanded version of Stevie Nicks’ 1981 solo debut album, Bella Donna, arrives on the chart with 5,000 units earned. The original album reached No. 1, and remains Nicks’ only solo chart-topper. The revamped deluxe title -- which features 25 additional tracks -- charts separately from the original album, and its sales history is also tracked independently of the original release. The original Bella Donna album climbed to No. 1 on the list dated Sept. 5, 1981 and also marked the icon’s first of so-far nine top 40-charting efforts. She most recently visited the top 40 with her 2014 album 24 Karat Gold: Songs From the Vault, which debuted and peaked at No. 7. Bella Donna also sports the most top 40-charting singles on the Billboard Hot 100 of any Nicks album, as it launched four hits into the region. Its lead-off single, “Stop Draggin’ My Heart Around,” with Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers, peaked at No. 3 (for six weeks!). It was followed by “Leather and Lace,” with Don Henley (which reached No. 6), “Edge of Seventeen” (No. 11) and “After the Glitter Fades” (No. 32). -- Susan Boyle, A Wonderful World - No. 150: Susan Boyle’s seventh album in as many years, A Wonderful World, bows with 5,000 units (nearly all from traditional album sales). Boyle’s first six releases all reached the top 40, including two No. 1s. The vocalist made a splashy debut at No. 1 with her first album, I Dreamed a Dream, on the list dated Dec. 12, 2009. The set spent its first six weeks on the chart at No. 1, and in that span of time, sold a whopping 3 million copies. A year later, she topped the list again with the holiday-themed The Gift (spending four weeks at No. 1). She kept up the pace in the following years with Someone to Watch Over Me (No. 4 in 2011), Standing Ovation: The Greatest Songs From the Stage (No. 12 in 2012), Home for Christmas (No. 17 in 2013), Hope (No. 16 in 2014) and now A Wonderful World. In total, Boyle has sold 7.9 million albums in the U.S. -- George Strait, Strait for the Holidays - No. 152: George Strait’s Walmart-exclusive Strait for the Holidays bows at No. 152 with 5,000 units (nearly all from traditional album sales). The 30-track, two-CD album was released on Oct. 30 and marks Strait’s 41st entry on the Billboard 200. The album is essentially a compilation of Strait’s three previous Christmas efforts: Merry Christmas Strait to You! (released in 1986), Merry Christmas Wherever You Are (1999) and Fresh Cut Christmas (released exclusively through Hallmark stores in 2006, and then to all retail in 2008 under a new title, Classic Christmas). FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
Hot Topics: School Calendar Set 'Rumors' at LHS Kirk Cameron Event Fat Shack Opens Turkey Trot Remembring Hughes Stadium Premature Babies RH Line Police Calls UPDATED: Fort Collins police arrest 2 in connection to homicide investigation Reporter-Herald Staff Posted:   11/19/2016 09:10:15 AM MST FORT COLLINS — Police officers found a man's body in an abandoned building before 1 a.m. Saturday in the 200 block of West Harmony Road in Fort Collins. According to a news release from Fort Collins Police Services, officers discovered that multiple people were using the abandoned building for shelter when they were called there on a report of an assault. Police arrested 30-year-old Matthew Tatti and 38-year-old Anthony Horne for involvement in the incident that led to the man's death, and they charged them with first-degree murder. The release stated that police are still investigating all the facts connected to the case. Investigators do not believe there is an ongoing threat to the public. The Larimer County Coroner's Office will release the identity of the man as well as his manner and cause of death. Although the release didn't specify what building the man was found in, there is a large former supply building on the north side of the 200 block of Harmony Road, across the street from the redeveloped Wal-Mart store. College Avenue is about a block to the east of the location. Anyone with information is asked to call detective Jaclyn Shaklee at 970-416-2771 or the Larimer County Crime Stoppers at 970-221-6868. Advertisement Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Colorado State football's defense responds vs New Mexico after humiliation against Air Force Colorado State football closes out Hughes Stadium in style with win over New Mexico Colorado State football closes out Hughes Stadium in style with win over New Mexico   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Winter Weather Advisory Full Story HOLIDAY Best toys to buy on Black Friday and where to find them Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7ny.com/video/embed/?pid=1615671" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Ali Mierzejewski visits Eyewitness News WABC Eyewitness News Saturday, November 19, 2016 10:46AM Ali Mierzejewski, a senior editor at The Toy Insider, was on the Eyewitness News set Saturday to help consumers save money while holiday toy shopping. The hottest toys of the season may be on sale this Black Friday, said Mierzejewski. She talked about the best toys to buy after Thanksgiving and where to find them. A list of some of the toys: -- New Nintendo 3DS: MSRP: $199 Black Friday deal: $99 at several retailers -- Roll and Bounce Tower MSRP: $29.95 Black Friday Deal: 50% off -- Roominate Cotton Candy Carnival: MSRP: $44.99 Black Friday Deal: 35-40% off on Amazon on Nov. 24-25 -- Zing Firetek Blazer Bow: MSRP: $14.99 Black Friday Deal: $9.99 at Costco -- Trolls Speed Coupe: MSRP: $149.99 Black Friday Deal: $79.99 at Walmart Click here for more information about Mierzejewski and The Toy insider. Related Topics: shoppingtoysholiday shopping Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WABC-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. HOLIDAY Black Friday, Cyber Monday 2016 shopping guide Which stores will be open, which will stay closed this Thanksgiving? Here are Oprah's Favorite Things in 2016 VIDEO: Rockefeller Center tree arrives in New York Here's how you can send your letter to Santa and help a good cause More holiday SHOPPING 7 On Your Side: Making the most of Black Friday deals Amazon now has a package X-ray app Black Friday, Cyber Monday 2016 shopping guide Which stores will be open, which will stay closed this Thanksgiving? More Shopping Top Stories Hundreds rally against hate at Brooklyn park vandalized with swastika Family demands answers after man killed in Brooklyn police shooting Trump again slams 'Hamilton' cast; Pence says he wasn't offended Some hummus recalled by Sabra due to possible listeria contamination PHOTOS: Storm brings snow to parts of NY area Powerball jackpot grows to $359 million after no winners Saturday Trump set to meet with Christie, Giuliani Sunday at golf club in NJ Show More Facebook taking steps to prevent fake news stories on the site 2 teens charged in fatal shooting of US Rep. Danny Davis' grandson Funeral plans announced for CT man murdered on Upper East Side Clinton Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million Doctor has seconds to deliver baby after woman shot, killed in CA More News Top Video AccuWeather forecast for the New York area Family demands answers after man killed in Brooklyn police shooting Man suspected of killing wife, abandoning daughter at Port Authority arrested High school choir gets stuck in dangling Empire State Building elevator More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
Crescent City, CA forecast with web cams & tide information Sunday, November 20, 2016 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation News Sports Features Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Obituaries Jobs Classifieds Emergency Buy Photos MORE Community Links Special Pubs Event Pubs Maps & Guides Solar TV Link Public Officials Home News Sports Features Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Emergency Buy Photos Community Links Special Pubs Event Pubs Maps & Guides Solar TV Link Public Officials Home News LocalNews Plastic bag ban is now in effect print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Plastic bag ban is now in effect By Tony Reed Published Nov 19, 2016 at 06:00AM While the passing of Prop 67 will result in the elimination of single-use carryout plastic bags at large California retailers, it seems some are still confused as to what is happening now and what will happen next. At checkstands around town this week, several customers are questioning why bags now cost a dime and why plastic bags will no longer be provided. Without getting into the complicated language of the proposition itself or going into the details of failed proposition 65, the bottom line is that stores will no longer provide single use plastic bags. With the law now in effect, large retail stores must provide reusable or paper bags to customers for a minimum charge of 10 cents. How it will happen Of local stores affected by the ban, only Safeway Manager Brian Ridgely returned calls as of press time. As of Friday, Safeway customers likely noticed that there were no plastic bags at checkstands and that paper bags cost 10 cents each. Reusable bags can also be found at the checkout. Ridgely said the store has been charging for bags since the election so customers get used to the new system. He predicted however, that transitioning to the new system during the holidays will be difficult for some retailers, as some customers will have forgotten to bring reusable bags while others will still be unaware. Not all plastic bags are banned. Prepackaged items such as bread and other foods will still come in plastic bags. Produce, meats, bulk foods and other non perishable items will still be placed in plastic bags for sanitary reasons. Only the larger, thin plastic grocery bags, most often with handles, are now prohibited. Where to now? Ridgely said California Safeways’ remaining surplus of plastic bags will most likely be sent to another state where a bag ban is not in effect. As for the 10 cent per bag charge, grocers will use it to purchase more paper bags and to conduct outreach regarding bags, policies and recycling. It should be noted that the passage of Prop 67 simply upholds SB270, which was signed by Gov. Jerry Brown in 2014. Existing law also requires that stores over a certain size or gross sales volume, provide a recycling program wherein plastic bags can be brought back to the store. What to do now City Council member Blake Inscore, a vocal supporter of the ban, said he became more involved in the issue of banning plastic bags upon seeing the impacts to local recycler Julindra Recycling. He said the company was hand-sorting bags from other recyclables and the extra labor was costing them thousands per month. The impact really hit home for him with the realization that since the bags are not recyclable, they were simply going into the trash. He noted Walmart was ready for the election results and rolled out reusable bags the following day. With the election now over, the bags will eventually go away. “In the grand scheme of things, that’s a good thing,” Inscore said. For those who feel 10 cents is too much for a bag, Inscore suggested paying a dollar for a reusable bag that can be used many times which will save them money in the long run. Inscore added that he has been using reusable bags for some time and for the most part, hasn’t missed the plastic bags at all. Reach Tony Reed at treed@triplicate.com 15661776 View next article in Local News print version The Del Norte Triplicate This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Crescent City autos, jobs, real estate and merchandise. Ads appear Online and in Print View Classifieds Connect with The Del Norte Triplicate Triplicate Newsstand Sunday November 20, 2016 Read digital interactive editions of our publications Read Today's Edition Take A Tour View All Publications Connect with the Del Norte Triplicate Del Norte Triplicate About Employment Contact Staff List Commercial Printing Subscriptions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Classifieds Search Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Rentals Place an Ad Online Extras Weather Community Links Photo Reprints TV Link Special Pubs Maps & Guides Event Pubs Solar Emergency Public Officials Explore more of Crescent City with a subscription to The Triplicate. Subscribe © Copyright 2001 - 2015 Western Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. By Using this site you agree to our Terms of Use ×
null
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Donald Trump takes aim anew at ‘Saturday Night Live’ Nick Cafardo: These 15 players with big contracts could be on the move this offseason Cornel West will return to teach at Harvard This viral photo changed America — in 1863 Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Consumer Reports Cash-free technology is like money in the bank E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Consumer Reports  November 19, 2016 Fotolia New technologies are making the convenience of living cash-free a reality. But consumers need to understand the trade-offs that come with abandoning paper money entirely. Mobile wallets They let you pay for purchases at physical retail stores and online. Advertisement Noteworthy brands: Android Pay, Apple Pay, PayPal, Samsung Pay. Cost: No direct fees. Get Business Headlines in your inbox: The Globe's latest business headlines delivered every morning, Monday through Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here What Consumer Reports likes: Apple Pay is now accepted at 3 million stores in the United States because retailers are equipped with new EMV chip card readers that also have near field communication, or NFC, technology. Android Pay and Apple Pay need NFC to transact with cash registers. Samsung Pay can be used at more than 10 million merchants nationwide because it employs NFC plus a second technology that lets it communicate via magnetic strip with readers that don’t have functioning NFC. Caveats: PayPal is mostly for online shopping and has limited acceptance at retail stores. Apple Pay works only on newer-model iPhones; Samsung Pay works only on certain Samsung devices. Electronic toll tags They let you pay for highway, express lane, bridge, and tunnel tolls, as well as parking at some airports. Advertisement Noteworthy brands: Express-Toll, E-ZPass, FasTrak, Good To Go, MnPass, SunPass, TxTag. Cost: No fees beyond the toll itself. What Consumer Reports likes: Commuters can knock 20 minutes to an hour off their daily drive, says J.J. Eden, president of the Alliance for Toll Interoperability. No stopping. No need to scramble for cash or change. Caveats: High traffic volume can clog up even toll tag lanes. And discounts that been used to lure new customers are starting to go away. Person-to-person, or P2P, payments They let you send money to another person via the app, e-mail, or text. Noteworthy brands: Dwolla, Chase QuickPay, ClearXchange, Facebook Payments in Messenger, Popmoney, Snapcash, Square Cash, and Venmo. Cost: Usually recipients never pay, and fees for sending vary from free to up to 3 percent or more if paid for with a credit card or some debit cards. What Consumer Reports likes: It’s super-easy. Can transfer money fast (but see caveats). All the services take steps to ensure security. Caveats: How quickly recipients get their money varies, depending on the service. For example, money moves instantly via Facebook Payments in Messenger and by ClearXchange, but your bank might take up to five business days to make the funds available to you. Branded payment apps They let you pay for purchases only via the merchant’s physical stores and service providers, and their online counterparts. Noteworthy brands: Dunkin’ Donuts, Lyft, PayByPhone, Starbucks, Uber, Walmart Pay. Cost: Generally no direct fees. What Consumer Reports likes: These apps combine payment, loyalty programs, and ordering capabilities. For example, Uber automatically charges customers for rides, and PayByPhone lets a driver extend parking meter minutes from anywhere. Caveats: Can be used for only one merchant brand. You can’t pay if your phone runs out of power. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2016 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Return to your story Close X Enjoy your second free article You can now read 5 free articles. Get unlimited access for just 99¢. Sign up Subscriber  Log In Wake up with today's top stories. Want each day's news headlines delivered fresh to your inbox every morning? Just connect with us via email or Facebook: Facebook or Submit & return to story Please enter a valid email BostonGlobe.com will never post anything without asking. Privacy Policy subscriber log in We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Donald Trump takes aim anew at ‘Saturday Night Live’ Nick Cafardo: These 15 players with big contracts could be on the move this offseason This viral photo changed America — in 1863 Cornel West will return to teach at Harvard Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
