Moundsville Police Identify Shoplifting Suspect - WTRF 7 News Sports Weather - Wheeling Steubenville Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY WTRF Top Stories News Bizarre News Crimes and Courts International National Ohio Headlines Pennsylvania Headlines West Virginia Headlines Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Local Temps U.S. National Temps Regional Satellite/Radar Regional Temps School Closings Ohio Valley Weather Watches & Warnings Nature Pics Backyard Weather Video Sports High School Community Contests Features Class of the Valley Summer Events Pet of the Week Honor The Badge Events Calendar A Taste With Rach Wing It On Card My OV Business Directory Excellence in Education Coupon Bug What's On ABC.com ABC News CBS.com CBS News MyNetwork.com About Us Advertise With Us Internship Opportunities Contact Us Closed Captioning or Signal Problems EEO FILES FCC Public Inspection File Report Signal Problems Meet the Team Work With Us WTRF Supports Contests Moundsville Police Identify Shoplifting Suspect Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 4:41 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 4:19 PM EDT By Brooke Chaplain BioEmail Connect Biography bchaplain@wtrf.com Follow @BrookeChaplain UPDATE:  Moundsville Police confirm 41-year-old Michael J. Hannan is the suspect wanted in connection to the alleged shoplifting ring, stealing thousands from local Walmarts. Hannan, who police originally referred to as "Puffy Coat" is from Tampa, Florida. He has ties to the Ohio Valley including several Ohio addresses, and Sgt. Don DeWitt says he is also wanted out of Belmont County. Police believe Hannan created the ring with thefts from Walmarts in Weirton, Zanesville, and Kittanning, Pennsylvania. They say Hannah usually arrives at 5 a.m., fills up a cart, and then exits through the back door to his red Ford Focus SC. A second suspect, referred to as "Red Beard", has mostly targeted the Walmart in Moundsville. That suspect is believed to drive a silver Nissan Murano. If you know any information about Michael Hannan's location, you are urged to call the Moundsville Police at 304-845-1611 or our Anonymous Lauttamus Security Crimefighters tipline at 1-800-223-0312. ORIGINAL: Police believe they've busted a shoplifting ring that has netted the thieves thousands of dollars from local Walmarts. Tate, these thefts have been happening for the past several weeks. And the suspects have stolen nearly five-thousand dollars worth of technology from the Moundsville Walmart alone. The first of the two suspects, whom Police are calling Puffy Coat, has created a shoplifting ring. By allegedly stealing computer equipment, routers and totes from Walmarts in Weirton, Zanesville, and even Kittanning, PA. Police confirm that the suspect usually arrives around 5 A-M,  fills up a cart and then exits through a back fire door to his red Ford Focus S-C. The second suspect, referred to as red beard, has mostly targeted the Walmart in Moundsville. Police say he has allegedly stolen 6 computers from the store in the past week.  He is driving a silver Nissan Murano. "The community can help us out in several ways. We've got pictures of these individuals from Walmart and we've also got pictures of their vehicles. They can call in, they can get on our Facebook page, contact us anonymously, and if they know these people, we would like to know who they are," said Lieutenant Steve Kosek. Lt. Kosek also says that both suspects have stolen more than two-thousand dollars worth of technology each from the Moundsville Walmart. If you know either of these men, please call Moundsville Police. WTRF 96 16th Street Wheeling, WV 26003 Main (304) 232-7777 Fax (304) 233-5822 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WTRF Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Walmart accused of not accepting doctors’ notes, punishing workers for sick days Thursday, June 08, 2017 by: Bridgette Wilcox Tags: corporations, Walmart (Natural News) Employees at Walmart are claiming that the company has been repeatedly violating worker protection law — reportedly refusing doctors’ notes from employees and sanctioning those who have taken time off for taking care of sick family. A Better Balance, a lawyer-driven organization that advocates for workers’ rights, interviewed Walmart employees and surveyed over 1,000 current and former employees to examine how the company’s “absence control program” violated workers’ rights. The organization released their findings in a report called Pointing Out: How Walmart Unlawfully Punishes Workers for Medical Absences. “Many Walmart workers, who are struggling to get by on Walmart hours and wages, live in fear that they are only one sick child or emergency room trip away from losing their job,” the report said, pointing out that workers with illnesses, disabilities, pregnancy-related conditions, injuries, and family health issues are most at risk. The report revealed that the company apparently has many different policies when it comes to attendance, many of which are unclear to employees. Mainly, the employees’ performance and discipline are regulated by a point system. Points are given for various infractions, ranging from talking back to a supervisor, going on long breaks, working slowly, absences, and tardiness. When it comes to attendance, an unauthorized absence means working less than half of a scheduled shift. This earns an employee one full point. Showing up late earns half a point. If an employee does not call to report an absence at least one hour in advance, they earn four points. Even calling 45 minutes before a shift merits four points — which leads to termination for workers who have been with the company for less than six months. Employees who have worked at the company for longer are terminated at the nine point mark within a six-month period. Worryingly, 84.5 percent of respondents who participated in the report agreed that Walmart has a problem of regularly punishing those who have absences due to a disability or serious illness. They also reported being told multiple times by managers that “there is no such thing as an excused absence.” The report included testimonials from current and former employees, many of which reveal a consistent fear among workers that getting necessary medical attention or taking care of their sick loved ones may lead to them getting fired. “My blood pressure peaked out at 194/99 and I nearly passed out. After close monitoring by pharmacy staff it finally came down enough for me to call someone to come pick me up and take me home. I was given half a point for leaving early. I was told nothing could be done. It was policy,” one employee shared in the report. “My daughter was having seizures, I had to take time off to monitor her. They counted it against me…I passed out at work. They sent me to the hospital. The next day, they fired me for it. Walmart is a joke. People have lives outside of work, we get sick, we have children, things happen and Walmart literally covers NOTHING,” another employee said. The report pointed out that these incidents are in violation of several laws, especially the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), which recognizes that there are instances when someone cannot work due to their own or a family member’s medical issues. The picture painted by Walmart’s disgruntled employees is contrary to what the company itself said on their website, where the list of benefits include free access to nurse care managers and health care advisers, medical and dental plans, as well as health reimbursement plans from $500 to $1,000. According to the report, Walmart counts 2.3 million employees all over the world, and had total revenues of nearly $486 billion in the recent fiscal year alone. In the United States, the company has 1.5 million associates across 5,332 stores, making them the biggest private employer in the country. Out of that 1.5 million, over 300,000 have been with the company for 10 years or more, according to Walmart. They also said that over 75 percent of their store management teams earn between $50,000 to $170,000 annually “similar to what firefighters, accountants, and even doctors make.” The report urged that Walmart create a change in policy and ensure that they follow the laws that protect their workers. “All workers at Walmart should feel that they are able to work in a safe environment where disability-related reasonable accommodations, including those for pregnancy, are made and respected. Implementing these changes would help support employees and their families,”the report said. Get more updates on NewsTarget.com. Sources include: ABetterBalance.org Corporate.Walmart.com Previous :Magic mushrooms are safest recreational drug, according to new study Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on corporations Walmart accused of not accepting doctors’ notes, punishing workers for sick days Damning legislation would give corporations the power to forcibly vaccinate you and collect your DNA records Just 10 powerful globalist corporations control almost all the food you buy and consume SHOCK REPORT: McDonald’s worker’s uniforms made in U.S. “slave labor” camps Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-08-walmart-accused-of-not-accepting-doctors-notes-punishing-workers-for-sick-days.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-06-08-walmart-accused-of-not-accepting-doctors-notes-punishing-workers-for-sick-days.html">Walmart accused of not accepting doctors’ notes, punishing workers for sick days</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Bombshell: James Comey willfully LIED to America about Hillary Clinton criminal investigation after being pressured by Loretta Lynch - NaturalNews.com Al Gore confuses TIDES with global warming ocean rise apocalypse, claims fish are “swimming in the streets” of Miami due to climate change - NaturalNews.com See the list of the top 5 most dangerous vaccines whose victims received high payouts from the U.S. government - NaturalNews.com America’s first all-organic fast food restaurant, The Organic Coup, is expanding rapidly by avoiding GMOs, pesticides and antibiotics - NaturalNews.com If you believe in liberty, you should be using the BRAVE browser (not chrome)… here’s why - NaturalNews.com Weird: Women are putting ground up WASP NESTS into their vaginas - NaturalNews.com American Airlines forgets double amputee’s wheelchair, has him kicked off the plane for being “a drunk" - NaturalNews.com Bitcoin “end game” a mathematical certainty even as Japanese and Korean noobs convince kindergarten teachers they’ve stumbled upon a magical source of endless wealth - NaturalNews.com Derrick Broze of The Conscious Resistance interviewed by the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com France is “decriminalizing” cannabis nationwide - NaturalNews.com From Bitcoin to climate change: The top 10 things you probably believe that are complete bulls##t - NaturalNews.com ALL HEALING NUTRIENTS found in cannabis are made from carbon dioxide, the “miracle molecule” for plant life across our planet - NaturalNews.com Busting breast cancer myths - NaturalNews.com 10 monumentally false claims made by conventional medicine about health - NaturalNews.com ZINC found to be a powerful mineral “secret” for fighting viral infections of the liver (such as hepatitis C) - NaturalNews.com Trump just SAVED America from the disastrous Paris Climate Treaty fraud - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate weed killer unleashes grotesque chemical deformations in farm animals... two-headed calves, pigs born with no skin, twisted life forms seem spawned from Hell... PHOTOS The power of trace minerals: How tiny elements can do so much for the human body - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them FDA quietly bans powerful life-saving intravenous Vitamin C - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger featured in “The Sacred Plant” documentary series airing June 7th - NaturalNews.com Tiger Woods gets arrested for DUI, then says toxic “mix of medications” made him drive like a dangerous maniac… what if he’s RIGHT? - NaturalNews.com Trump pulls U.S. out of “non-binding” Paris Climate Accord - Here's why he was right to do it - NaturalNews.com The REAL SCIENCE behind carbon dioxide: Plants use CO2 to create CBD, THC, curcumin and all medicinal molecules - NaturalNews.com Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics - NaturalNews.com VACCINE HOAX unveiled as rigorous scientific study finds NO reduction in measles, mumps, rubella, influenza or rotavirus among vaccinated children - NaturalNews.com The Amish, who don’t get vaccinated, rarely get autism, cancer, or heart disease - coincidence? - NaturalNews.com Dilbert creator Scott Adams causes liberal heads to explode with comic that hilariously exposes climate change “forecasting” - NaturalNews.com America’s silent crisis: Drinking water may become too expensive for millions of households in the future - NaturalNews.com What you're not being told about the Paris climate agreement - NaturalNews.com Damning legislation would give corporations the power to forcibly vaccinate you and collect your DNA records - NaturalNews.com Hyperbaric oxygen therapy cures woman of stage-4 cancer - NaturalNews.com Autism risk 420% higher in vaccinated children vs. non-vaccinated, published science confirms - NaturalNews.com CRYBULLY MASTERY: After depicting deadly violence against the President, Kathy Griffin plays VICTIM card, claiming Trump bullied her - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com The Paris Climate Accord is GENOCIDE against plants, forests and all life on our planet - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Zinc lozenges proven to greatly speed recovery from colds and flu by 300% - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? Successful marriage depends on husband's attitude: Research The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells The bombings have only just begun: “Progressive” Western civilization is slaughtering itself by foolishly appeasing those who seek to destroy it - NaturalNews.com Kathy Griffin sums up the deranged, violent, lunatic Left with video of the bloody, decapitated head of President Trump - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects 10 Survival trees EVERYONE should plant on their property - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News 15 innocent victims dead after botched vaccine campaign, children as young as 12 years old caught administering vaccines (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Olive oil nutrient found to HALT brain cancer cells in their tracks (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Cannabis oil (CBD) CURES 12-year-old girl of life-threatening seizures (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Flu shots found to be totally USELESS for overweight people, yet immunization propaganda claims they work for everyone (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Insane vaccine zealots now calling for vaccine skeptics to be PUT TO DEATH so that resistance to mercury in vaccines can be eliminated (Naturalnews.com) Busting breast cancer myths (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 250% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 250% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks With Better Dividends Than Costco Wholesale Corporation Here are a few companies with better payouts for income investors to consider. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jun 8, 2017 at 6:21PM If you like sporadic dividend payouts, then you might be a fan of Costco (NASDAQ:COST) stock. The warehouse retailer commits to sending an unusually small portion of earnings to shareholders through regular dividends that it supplements with "special" dividends like the massive $7-per-share payout that hit shareholders' accounts last month. For those investors aiming for more predictable -- yet still substantial -- dividends, here are a few reasons to consider McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Target (NYSE:TGT). McDonald's At 2.5%, the yield of McDonald's is more than double Costco's. The fast-food titan is also about as dependable a divided stock as you can find on the market, given that it has boosted its payout for 41 consecutive years. Like Costco, McDonald's boasts a business model that provides more stability than peers. In Costco's case, it's the fact that it generates most of its profits from membership sales rather than product markups that delivers this key advantage. For McDonald's, a similar benefit comes from a franchising approach that produces the majority of earnings through rent, royalty, and fees rather than low-margin food sales. McDonald's is pushing deeper into the franchising model in 2017, with plans to lower its percentage of company-owned locations down to 5% over the long term from the current 15% mark. That move should boost profitability and further reduce its need for capital. Sure, the company must address the market-share struggles that have pushed customer traffic down over the past few years. But even moderate sales growth, combined with the cash raised from selling thousands of stores to franchisees, should power healthy dividend gains over the coming years. Wal-Mart Wal-Mart is Costco's biggest competitor and frequently finds itself trailing the warehouse specialist in key operating metrics. Costco's 4% comparable-store sales gain last year, for example, was its worst showing since 2010. However, it still trounced Wal-Mart's 1% uptick. Image source: Getty Images. Yet income investors have a few good reasons to prefer Wal-Mart over Costco, including its much-higher yield (2.6% versus Costco's 1.1%) and its heftier payout ratio (46% versus Costco's 31%). As for its weaker operations, while the retailing giant isn't likely to post Costco-like growth numbers any time soon, it is aggressively attacking the online sales channel from several angles including making multibillion-dollar acquisitions. In a decade, these investments might leave Wal-Mart in a stronger sales position, especially if the consumer rush toward online shopping turns into a stampede. Target There are plenty of good reasons to be pessimistic about Target's business today, given persistently weak customer traffic and the retailer's outlook for soft profit growth ahead. Specifically, executives have warned investors to expect lower earnings this year as the company cuts prices to better compete with rivals like Wal-Mart. Target has navigated through similar tough selling environments in the past, though, and it has always managed to guard its financial strength in the process. That's why it is one of just a few retailers that have raised their dividends for over 25 consecutive years. TGT Dividend Yield (TTM) data by YCharts. Target's 4.4% dividend yield is far above the market average. That's a reflection of an especially gloomy business outlook that income investors will want to consider before buying the stock. This payout shows no signs of requiring a cut, though, as it accounts for less than 50% of earnings over the past year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Costco Wholesale and McDonald's. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info Jun 8, 2017 at 6:21PM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $151.43 down $0.51 (-0.34%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $78.93 down $0.22 (-0.28%) Target NYSE:TGT $54.63 up $0.16 (0.29%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $181.41 down $0.79 (-0.43%) Read More Costco May Have Nothing to Fear From Amazon Costco Stock Upgraded: What You Need to Know Costco Wholesale Corporation's Most Brilliant Move in 2017 So Far How Costco Wholesale Corporation Makes Most of Its Money This Category Fuels Costco's Success Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Stocks With Better Dividends Than Costco Wholesale Corporation @themotleyfool #stocks $MCD, $WMT, $TGT, $COST
Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved - Northern Michigan's News Leader 9&10 Contests & Events CBS Shows What's On Mugshots Connect with Us Alerts & Emails News Tips News Michigan This Morning Latest News Michigan News National International News Business News Features News Tips Weather Radar & Temp Maps Severe Weather Alerts Live Skycams Live Weather Stations Interactive Radar Local River Levels School Closings & Delays My View Fish & Game Report Marine Weather Sports Video Sports Video Sights & Sounds of Northern Michigan Northern Michigan In Focus Video Healthy Living Video Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Video Hometown Tourist Video Cooking with Chef Hermann Video Expert Tips Videos Grant Me Hope Video View All Video Features Adventures in Northern Michigan Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Brewvine Cooking with Chef Hermann Grant Me Hope Healthy Living Inside the Kitchen Jack's Journal MedWatch Northern Michigan From Above View All Features Community Brewvine Community Calendar Contests & Events Expert Tips Games Helping Hands Law Help Line My View School Closings & Delays Virtual Buck Pole LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Advertising Sales Creative Services Employment Opportunities Contact Us Station Overview NMD Fox 32 Fox 32 Contests & Events Fox Shows What's On Fox Topix About Fox 32 News Tips Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 6:00 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 8, 2017 6:42 PM EDT "It could have had a devastating effect on a lot of people," Sault Area Public Schools superintendent Dr. Tim Hall said. There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Walmart over property taxes. It stems back to a loophole in property tax law through the Michigan Tax Tribunal called the 'dark store' tax theory.  Walmart in Sault Ste. Marie was using the loophole to reduce their property tax value. It could have led to big losses for the community. 9 &10's Blayke Roznowski and photojournalist Noah Jurik have details on the 'dark store' tax issue and why the community is celebrating. It was a win for the City of Sault Ste. Marie and Chippewa County as Walmart decided to drop an appeal fighting for lower property taxes through a loophole. For places like Sault Area Public Schools who could have been affected, they're breathing a sigh of relief. "In the long run it could have affected how much money was available to run our schools across the entire state," Dr. Hall said.  It was a proposed total loss in revenue of roughly $270,000 for Chippewa County communities in 2015 through what's called the 'dark store' theory. "It allows open and operational, what's classically called big box stores, to be valued as though they are abandoned, deed restricted and vacant," Sault Ste. Marie city manager Oliver Turner said. That means Walmart had appealed to the Michigan Tax Tribunal that they should only pay $15 a square foot instead of $55 a square foot.  "If you're running a city or a township or a school district, you don't have really the opportunity to raise a lot of revenue on your own, so at some point something has to give," Dr. Hall said. "As a community that could be something as bad police and fire support and for schools, it could be teachers or para pros or bigger class sizes."  Walmart chose to drop the appeal and continue to be assessed at the rate set by the city. They released a statement to saying they have a right to appeal and feel they had a fair appraisal, but they still chose to drop it. "It's really an investment in the community that we try to responsibly manage and certainly we feel that we were glad that we were able to come to a mutual agreement on this," Turner said.  It is possible for big box stores to still utilize that loophole in the future. Latest NewsMore>> Isabella Co. Planning Commission Discusses Zoning Amendment for Wind Turbines Isabella Co. Planning Commission Discusses Zoning Amendment for Wind Turbines Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:36 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:36 GMT “The last thing I want to hear is a 55 decibel plus or minus wind turbine.”  “The last thing I want to hear is a 55 decibel plus or minus wind turbine.”  Airbnb to Start Collecting State Taxes Airbnb to Start Collecting State Taxes Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:10:45 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:10:45 GMT “I think it's a smart move for Airbnb it's definitely going to help the state.”  “I think it's a smart move for Airbnb it's definitely going to help the state.”  Enbridge Testing the Integrity of Straits Pipeline for the First Time Since Construction Enbridge Testing the Integrity of Straits Pipeline for the First Time Since Construction Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:32 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:32:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:29 PM EDT2017-06-08 23:29:04 GMT The twin pipelines running through the Straits of Mackinac is in the process of getting tested as part of a federally mandated agreement. The twin pipelines running through the Straits of Mackinac is in the process of getting tested as part of a federally mandated agreement. Grand Traverse Pie Founders Honored With 2017 Lyle DeYoung Award Grand Traverse Pie Founders Honored With 2017 Lyle DeYoung Award Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:56:00 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:56:00 GMT Thursday Grand Traverse Pie Company gets recognized for more than just its delicious deserts.  Thursday Grand Traverse Pie Company gets recognized for more than just its delicious deserts.  Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:00:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:42 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:42:54 GMT There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Wal-Mart over property taxes. There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Wal-Mart over property taxes. Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Lake City Celebrates Free Fishing Weekend Lake City Celebrates Free Fishing Weekend Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:35 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:35:34 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:57 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:57:34 GMT It's shaping up to be a warm Saturday and Sunday so it’s the perfect time to enjoy a free fishing weekend.  It's shaping up to be a warm Saturday and Sunday so it’s the perfect time to enjoy a free fishing weekend.  New Bill Encourages Out of State Hunters New Bill Encourages Out of State Hunters Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:54 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:54:56 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:57 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:57:05 GMT A new bill is being discussed to encourage out-of-state hunters to come to Michigan.  A new bill is being discussed to encourage out-of-state hunters to come to Michigan.  Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:33 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:33:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:55:06 GMT Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.      Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Antrim Co. Deputies Arrest Gunman After Short Standoff Antrim Co. Deputies Arrest Gunman After Short Standoff Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:02 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:02:00 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:19 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:19:59 GMT A man is in custody after a short standoff in Antrim County. A man is in custody after a short standoff in Antrim County. Michigan Man Accused of Threatening Restaurant Over Onions, Exposing Himself Michigan Man Accused of Threatening Restaurant Over Onions, Exposing Himself Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:56:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:12 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:12:05 GMT A Michigan man is in jail after Pennsylvania police say he made drunken threats and then exposed himself, all because his food included onions.  A Michigan man is in jail after Pennsylvania police say he made drunken threats and then exposed himself, all because his food included onions.  West Michigan Teacher's Disappearance Now Considered Possible Homicide West Michigan Teacher's Disappearance Now Considered Possible Homicide Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:04 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:04:32 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:04 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:04:32 GMT West Michigan police searched the home of a missing high school Spanish teacher and say her disappearance is now considered a possible homicide.  West Michigan police searched the home of a missing high school Spanish teacher and say her disappearance is now considered a possible homicide.  Kalkaska Police Looking for Person Who Set Fire to 200-Year-Old Ship Rudder Kalkaska Police Looking for Person Who Set Fire to 200-Year-Old Ship Rudder Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:25 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:25:40 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:52 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:52:34 GMT A 200-year-old ship rudder was lit on fire in Kalkaska.  A 200-year-old ship rudder was lit on fire in Kalkaska.  Grand Traverse Mall: Social Media Post About Sex Trafficking Operation is Fake Grand Traverse Mall: Social Media Post About Sex Trafficking Operation is Fake Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:19 PM EDT2017-06-07 17:19:45 GMT Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:19 PM EDT2017-06-07 17:19:45 GMT The Grand Traverse Mall is setting the record straight after a fake story was shared on social media.  The Grand Traverse Mall is setting the record straight after a fake story was shared on social media.  Federal Investigators Stop Potential Terrorism Targets by Arresting Two Men Federal Investigators Stop Potential Terrorism Targets by Arresting Two Men Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:00:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:00:09 GMT Federal investigators say they've stopped potential terrorism targets by arresting two men, including one from Michigan.  Federal investigators say they've stopped potential terrorism targets by arresting two men, including one from Michigan.  Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:33 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:33:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:55:06 GMT Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Aqua Blue Water Park Was Open To Public Aqua Blue Water Park Was Open To Public Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:01 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:01:43 GMT Aqua Blue water park, currently the biggest water park in Egypt, is located in Sharm El Sheikh Aqua Blue Sharm and is the most popular holiday resort developed by Albatros group. This water park, around 70,000... Aqua Blue water park, currently the biggest water park in Egypt, is located in Sharm El Sheikh Aqua Blue Sharm and is the most popular holiday resort developed by Albatros group. This water park, around 70,000 square meters...    Home Features Cooking with Chef Hermann Contests & Events News Tips What's On Virtual Buck Pole News Feedback at 5:00 Michigan News National News Entertainment News News Tips Business News International News Weather Weather Alerts Skycams Radar & Temp Maps Live Weather Stations My View School Closings & Delays Sports Local Sports Headlines College Sports Michigan Sports National Sports Sports Overtime Local Sports Scores Health Living Right Healthy Living About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Creative Services Contact Us WWTV FCC Public File WFQX FCC Public File All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Heritage Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
LOW RATES & FEES Low Rates Balance Transfers 0% APR Low Interest No Fees No Annual Fee No Foreign Transaction Fee Tools Get your free Credit Score Airlines or Low Interest Calculator Cash Back or Low Interest Calculator Payoff Calculator TRAVEL & REWARDS Cards for Travel Travel & Airlines Hotels No Foreign Transaction Fee Earn Rewards Rewards Cash Back Points Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Tools Max Rewards with WalletUp® Better offers with CardMatch™ Pay with the Right Card with Wallet TOP OFFERS Quick Links Better Offers with CardMatch™ Top Offers for June 2017 Limited Time Offers Best Rated Cards from our Experts Best Balance Transfer Cards Best Low Interest Cards Best Cash Back Cards Best Business Cards   Best Travel Cards Best Airline Cards Best Hotel Cards Best Student Cards CREDIT QUALITY Credit Type Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit Limited or No Credit History Other Options Prepaid & Debit Cards Secured Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Personal Loans Tools Get your free Credit Score Offers Matched to your Credit Your Credit Score & Report on the Go CARD TYPE Search for Business Offers Business Credit Cards Business Loans Business Checking & Savings Search by Network or Bank MasterCard Visa American Express Discover Wells Fargo   Bank of America Capital One Citi Chase Barclaycard NEWS & ADVICE News Articles Latest News News Archive Basics & Help Credit Card Reviews Additional Resources Taking Charge™ Blog Glossary of Credit Card Terms PrivacyWise™ Connect with us Subscribe: RSS News Feeds Subscribe: email Newsletter FREE INTERACTIVE TOOLS Tools Offers Matched for You WalletUp® Card Finder Get your free Credit Score Mobile Apps Calculators Card Offers Top Offers Best Credit Cards Credit Card Comparison Tools Guides PrivacyWise™ Credit Card Terms Glossary Sign In Sign Up ADVERTISEMENT Credit Cards Credit Card News Retailers urged to reconsider 'deferred interest' credit card offers - Editorial Policy Retailers urged to reconsider 'deferred interest' credit card offers CFPB recommends issuers shift to simpler, less risky '0-percent' promotions instead By Fred O. Williams  |  Published: June 8, 2017 Retailers should reform their 0-percent "deferred interest" credit card promotions to make them less risky for consumers, the federal government's consumer financial watchdog announced Thursday. The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau released a copy of a letter it sent to top retail card companies, urging them to reconsider their deferred interest promotions. These are offers of no interest for a set time, usually six or 12 months, during which interest builds up in the background. If the full balance isn't paid by the end of the period, the built-up interest becomes due all at once. “With its back-end pricing, deferred interest can make the potential costs to consumers more confusing and less transparent,” CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a news release. Instead of such programs, the bureau urged card companies to institute simpler 0-percent offers that don't carry risks of a retroactive interest wallop at the end of the period. Letter follows Walmart move The agency's letter comes on the heels of a move by Walmart to drop deferred interest promotions linked to its store cards. The retail giant said in May that it was switching to true 0-percent periods, in which no interest builds up during the promotional period. "The reality is most people’s lives are anything but predictable, and paying off a purchase within a set period of time doesn’t always happen as planned," Walmart said in its blog post announcing the move.  The CFPB wouldn't say which retail card issuers received the letter. Synchrony Financial, formerly GE Capital, is the largest player in retail cards, while Citi, Capital One and Alliance Data Systems/Comenity Bank are also top issuers. Asked to respond to the letter, Synchrony Financial said it was committed to making its deferred interest deals "fair, transparent and easily understood by consumers." No interest is assessed on 80 percent of deferred interest transactions, vice president of communications Carlos Campos said in a statement. He called the deals important for consumers to afford big-ticket items, and for retailers to help drive sales. "With its back-end pricing, deferred interest can make the potential costs to consumers more confusing and less transparent." Not-so-great deals With their promises of no interest for an extended time, deferred interest deals can look like a great way to finance big-ticket purchases such as electronics, appliances, furniture – or even medical procedures not covered by insurance. However, many people run afoul of the complex programs and wind up with surprise interest charges, sometimes in the hundreds of dollars. Roughly one out of five users miss the deadline and have to pay deferred interest.  In a 2015 report on the card market, the CFPB found that many people use the retail card they are issued for the deferred interest promotion to make other purchases as well. As a result, more than a third of promotion users paid 50 percent more than their promotional balance. Deferred interest hits subprime borrowers hardest The CFPB also found that many people who failed to extinguish the balance by the deadline in the promotional period paid off the remaining balance plus the deferred interest shortly – indicating that they were taken by surprise by the end of the program. "The bureau’s research has found that deferred-interest programs tend to have uneven effects for different categories of consumers," Cordray said in remarks to the bureau's Consumer Advisory Board, "predictably posing the greatest costs and risks for the most vulnerable." People with low credit scores only manage to avoid the deferred interest charges about half the time, he said, while better-off consumers rarely get hit with deferred interest. Advice to consumers about deferred-interest promotions The consumer bureau also published consumer tips on managing deferred interest promotions, and how to tell them from simpler 0-percent offers. Among the things to be aware of: Payments needed to extinguish the balance. The minimum payment alone probably won't pay off the big-ticket purchase in time to avoid retroactive interest charges. Calculate the payment necessary and make sure the balance is extinguished by the deadline. Length of the promotional period. Some card issuers vary the promotional period based on the amount of the purchase. Make sure you know when the period ends. Interest rate. Although you don't expect to pay interest in a 0-percent promotion, know the rate that will apply. Store cards often carry higher interest rates than general-purpose cards. Potential for industry-wide change The CFPB's letter does not amount to formal guidance by the regulator, which is published and distributed in official channels. So card issuers are free to ignore the advice without risking a crackdown on their conduct. However, the CFPB has issued such unofficial letters to industry before, for example urging card issuers to provide free credit scores to cardholders in 2014. That practice, also supported by credit score giant FICO, has caught on widely among card issuers.  See related: How to avoid big costs of deferred-interest financing deals, Don't confuse introductory rate, deferred-interest deals ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Join the discussion We encourage an active and insightful conversation among our users. Please help us keep our community civil and respectful. For your safety, do not disclose confidential or personal information such as bank account numbers or social security numbers. Anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. If you are commenting using a Facebook account, your profile information may be displayed with your comment depending on your privacy settings. By leaving the 'Post to Facebook' box selected, your comment will be published to your Facebook profile in addition to the space below. The editorial content on CreditCards.com is not sponsored by any bank or credit card issuer. The journalists in the editorial department are separate from the company's business operations. The comments posted below are not provided, reviewed or approved by any company mentioned in our editorial content. Additionally, any companies mentioned in the content do not assume responsibility to ensure that all posts and/or questions are answered. Three most recent Legal, regulatory, privacy issues stories: House passes CHOICE Act that would gut consumer protections – The House of Representatives passed a GOP-backed deregulation bill that would undo Dodd-Frank consumer protections, but it faces uncertain future in the Senate ... CHOICE Act would let debt buyers raise interest rates – One sentence in the Financial Choice Act that aims to repeal and replace the Dodd-Frank consumer protection law would allow debt buyers to raise interest rates beyond state-set limits ... Who to call in the first hours after fraud strikes – Who to call in the first hours after you've been a fraud victim ... CreditCards.com's Newsletter Did you like this story? Then sign up for CreditCards.com’s weekly e-newsletter for the latest news, advice, articles and tips. It's FREE. Once a week you will receive the top credit card industry news in your inbox. Sign up now! SUBSCRIBE Editorial Policy Credit Card Rate Report Updated: 06-09-2017 ADVERTISEMENT Comments/Questions? Corrections Policy Weekly newsletter Get the latest news, advice, articles and tips delivered to your inbox. It's FREE. SUBSCRIBE Quick Links Product News: Deals and new offers Credit Card Help Credit Card Glossary Credit Card Statistics Charged Up! Podcast ADVERTISEMENT Home Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Home Site Security Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Site Map FAQs About Us Overview Leadership Team Media Center Careers Contact Us Customer Support Partnership Opportunities Business Development Media Relations Related Sites Credit Card Blogs WalletUp® CardMatch™ International Sites Tarjetas de Credito UK Credit Cards Canadian Credit Cards Copyright 2017 CreditCards.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Stay connected with CreditCards.com CARDMATCH™ is a free, secure service that will not affect your credit score. Simply provide your basic information, and view offers that match your credit profile within seconds.
Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved - Northern Michigan's News Leader 9&10 Contests & Events CBS Shows What's On Mugshots Connect with Us Alerts & Emails News Tips News Michigan This Morning Latest News Michigan News National International News Business News Features News Tips Weather Radar & Temp Maps Severe Weather Alerts Live Skycams Live Weather Stations Interactive Radar Local River Levels School Closings & Delays My View Fish & Game Report Marine Weather Sports Video Sports Video Sights & Sounds of Northern Michigan Northern Michigan In Focus Video Healthy Living Video Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Video Hometown Tourist Video Cooking with Chef Hermann Video Expert Tips Videos Grant Me Hope Video View All Video Features Adventures in Northern Michigan Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Brewvine Cooking with Chef Hermann Grant Me Hope Healthy Living Inside the Kitchen Jack's Journal MedWatch Northern Michigan From Above View All Features Community Brewvine Community Calendar Contests & Events Expert Tips Games Helping Hands Law Help Line My View School Closings & Delays Virtual Buck Pole LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Advertising Sales Creative Services Employment Opportunities Contact Us Station Overview NMD Fox 32 Fox 32 Contests & Events Fox Shows What's On Fox Topix About Fox 32 News Tips Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 6:00 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 8, 2017 6:42 PM EDT "It could have had a devastating effect on a lot of people," Sault Area Public Schools superintendent Dr. Tim Hall said. There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Walmart over property taxes. It stems back to a loophole in property tax law through the Michigan Tax Tribunal called the 'dark store' tax theory.  Walmart in Sault Ste. Marie was using the loophole to reduce their property tax value. It could have led to big losses for the community. 9 &10's Blayke Roznowski and photojournalist Noah Jurik have details on the 'dark store' tax issue and why the community is celebrating. It was a win for the City of Sault Ste. Marie and Chippewa County as Walmart decided to drop an appeal fighting for lower property taxes through a loophole. For places like Sault Area Public Schools who could have been affected, they're breathing a sigh of relief. "In the long run it could have affected how much money was available to run our schools across the entire state," Dr. Hall said.  It was a proposed total loss in revenue of roughly $270,000 for Chippewa County communities in 2015 through what's called the 'dark store' theory. "It allows open and operational, what's classically called big box stores, to be valued as though they are abandoned, deed restricted and vacant," Sault Ste. Marie city manager Oliver Turner said. That means Walmart had appealed to the Michigan Tax Tribunal that they should only pay $15 a square foot instead of $55 a square foot.  "If you're running a city or a township or a school district, you don't have really the opportunity to raise a lot of revenue on your own, so at some point something has to give," Dr. Hall said. "As a community that could be something as bad police and fire support and for schools, it could be teachers or para pros or bigger class sizes."  Walmart chose to drop the appeal and continue to be assessed at the rate set by the city. They released a statement to saying they have a right to appeal and feel they had a fair appraisal, but they still chose to drop it. "It's really an investment in the community that we try to responsibly manage and certainly we feel that we were glad that we were able to come to a mutual agreement on this," Turner said.  It is possible for big box stores to still utilize that loophole in the future. Latest NewsMore>> Isabella Co. Planning Commission Discusses Zoning Amendment for Wind Turbines Isabella Co. Planning Commission Discusses Zoning Amendment for Wind Turbines Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:36 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:36 GMT “The last thing I want to hear is a 55 decibel plus or minus wind turbine.”  “The last thing I want to hear is a 55 decibel plus or minus wind turbine.”  Airbnb to Start Collecting State Taxes Airbnb to Start Collecting State Taxes Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:10:45 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:10:45 GMT “I think it's a smart move for Airbnb it's definitely going to help the state.”  “I think it's a smart move for Airbnb it's definitely going to help the state.”  Enbridge Testing the Integrity of Straits Pipeline for the First Time Since Construction Enbridge Testing the Integrity of Straits Pipeline for the First Time Since Construction Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:32 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:32:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:29 PM EDT2017-06-08 23:29:04 GMT The twin pipelines running through the Straits of Mackinac is in the process of getting tested as part of a federally mandated agreement. The twin pipelines running through the Straits of Mackinac is in the process of getting tested as part of a federally mandated agreement. Grand Traverse Pie Founders Honored With 2017 Lyle DeYoung Award Grand Traverse Pie Founders Honored With 2017 Lyle DeYoung Award Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:56:00 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:56:00 GMT Thursday Grand Traverse Pie Company gets recognized for more than just its delicious deserts.  Thursday Grand Traverse Pie Company gets recognized for more than just its delicious deserts.  Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:00:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:42 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:42:54 GMT There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Wal-Mart over property taxes. There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Wal-Mart over property taxes. Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Lake City Celebrates Free Fishing Weekend Lake City Celebrates Free Fishing Weekend Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:35 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:35:34 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:57 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:57:34 GMT It's shaping up to be a warm Saturday and Sunday so it’s the perfect time to enjoy a free fishing weekend.  It's shaping up to be a warm Saturday and Sunday so it’s the perfect time to enjoy a free fishing weekend.  New Bill Encourages Out of State Hunters New Bill Encourages Out of State Hunters Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:54 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:54:56 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:57 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:57:05 GMT A new bill is being discussed to encourage out-of-state hunters to come to Michigan.  A new bill is being discussed to encourage out-of-state hunters to come to Michigan.  Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:33 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:33:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:55:06 GMT Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.      Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Antrim Co. Deputies Arrest Gunman After Short Standoff Antrim Co. Deputies Arrest Gunman After Short Standoff Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:02 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:02:00 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:19 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:19:59 GMT A man is in custody after a short standoff in Antrim County. A man is in custody after a short standoff in Antrim County. Michigan Man Accused of Threatening Restaurant Over Onions, Exposing Himself Michigan Man Accused of Threatening Restaurant Over Onions, Exposing Himself Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:56:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:12 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:12:05 GMT A Michigan man is in jail after Pennsylvania police say he made drunken threats and then exposed himself, all because his food included onions.  A Michigan man is in jail after Pennsylvania police say he made drunken threats and then exposed himself, all because his food included onions.  West Michigan Teacher's Disappearance Now Considered Possible Homicide West Michigan Teacher's Disappearance Now Considered Possible Homicide Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:04 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:04:32 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:04 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:04:32 GMT West Michigan police searched the home of a missing high school Spanish teacher and say her disappearance is now considered a possible homicide.  West Michigan police searched the home of a missing high school Spanish teacher and say her disappearance is now considered a possible homicide.  Kalkaska Police Looking for Person Who Set Fire to 200-Year-Old Ship Rudder Kalkaska Police Looking for Person Who Set Fire to 200-Year-Old Ship Rudder Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:25 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:25:40 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:52 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:52:34 GMT A 200-year-old ship rudder was lit on fire in Kalkaska.  A 200-year-old ship rudder was lit on fire in Kalkaska.  Grand Traverse Mall: Social Media Post About Sex Trafficking Operation is Fake Grand Traverse Mall: Social Media Post About Sex Trafficking Operation is Fake Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:19 PM EDT2017-06-07 17:19:45 GMT Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:19 PM EDT2017-06-07 17:19:45 GMT The Grand Traverse Mall is setting the record straight after a fake story was shared on social media.  The Grand Traverse Mall is setting the record straight after a fake story was shared on social media.  Federal Investigators Stop Potential Terrorism Targets by Arresting Two Men Federal Investigators Stop Potential Terrorism Targets by Arresting Two Men Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:00:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:00:09 GMT Federal investigators say they've stopped potential terrorism targets by arresting two men, including one from Michigan.  Federal investigators say they've stopped potential terrorism targets by arresting two men, including one from Michigan.  Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:33 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:33:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:55:06 GMT Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Aqua Blue Water Park Was Open To Public Aqua Blue Water Park Was Open To Public Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:01 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:01:43 GMT Aqua Blue water park, currently the biggest water park in Egypt, is located in Sharm El Sheikh Aqua Blue Sharm and is the most popular holiday resort developed by Albatros group. This water park, around 70,000... Aqua Blue water park, currently the biggest water park in Egypt, is located in Sharm El Sheikh Aqua Blue Sharm and is the most popular holiday resort developed by Albatros group. This water park, around 70,000 square meters...    Home Features Cooking with Chef Hermann Contests & Events News Tips What's On Virtual Buck Pole News Feedback at 5:00 Michigan News National News Entertainment News News Tips Business News International News Weather Weather Alerts Skycams Radar & Temp Maps Live Weather Stations My View School Closings & Delays Sports Local Sports Headlines College Sports Michigan Sports National Sports Sports Overtime Local Sports Scores Health Living Right Healthy Living About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Creative Services Contact Us WWTV FCC Public File WFQX FCC Public File All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Heritage Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
null
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Comey worried about Trump lying; said Russian interference on election ‘happened’ (Updated) Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Used vehicle price index hits record high Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart promotes exclusive products with color mail catalog, part of specialty retail push BusinessLatest NewsRetail by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 104 views  Tags: Wal-Mart 0 SHARES Share Tweet Better Homes & Gardens is one of the first Wal-Mart vendors to respond to the retailer’s request for suppliers to open up their entire product catalogs regardless of how many items they have in stores. This week the retailer mailed out to a 32-page color catalog of home furnishings under the proprietary brand Better Homes & Gardens manufactured by Meredith Corp. The private label supplier has an entire line of home furnishings including furniture, linens for bed, kitchen, dining and bathrooms, as well as dishes, rugs, lamps and other accessories offered online, some of which are also sold in stores. Through this catalog mailer Wal-Mart is touting an exclusive brand of home furnishings, trying to win over consumers who might not realize the retailer carries a wide array of trendy home furnishing online. Meggan Kring, Wal-Mart senior director of corporate affairs, said the mailer is another way to make public what is available in the stores. “We are proud of the Better Homes and Gardens products we have in our stores. This mailer is another way for us to share the on-trend, quality items Walmart shoppers can find in our stores every day,” she said in a note to Talk Business & Politics. Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran has said the retailer will use private label to help fill in the gaps where brands fall short. With the category expertise being provided by Wal-Mart’s recent online acquisitions and the expansion of marketplace items online customers can expect to see a wider range of merchandise across the category, according to Walmart U.S. e-Commerce CEO Marc Lore. This is another indication of Wal-Mart’s focus on private label, said Joyce Grippi, senior account services at WhyteSpyder. She said Wal-Mart is going big into private label in its effort to offer good, better and best within the home furnishings category, where quality is important and profits margins are higher. “With the Hayneedle acquisition this gives Wal-Mart access to the higher-end of the home furnishing category and they seem to be investing more into the “better” and “good” levels through private label offerings like Better Homes & Garden and Mainstay,” Grippi said. She said it will be interesting to see if the products are grouped and represented equally online as they are in the catalog which depicts lifestyle. Too often, she said, there is a gap when it comes to online presentation. The products shown in the catalog can be ordered online and then picked-up in stores, according to Wal-Mart, but Grippi said how the items appear online will matter to shoppers. For example, the image of the solid ruffle quilt set in the catalog depicts a soft, billowy quilt where the ruffles are accentuated. The online image is a photo taken from further away and doesn’t accentuate the texture of the quilt. There were no reviews and no ratings, perhaps an indication this is a new product. The supplier has barely identified the product in the description using only three sentences. The supplier has space for 4,000 characters, which is a lot of unused real estate on the page. Colorful beach towels displayed in the catalog were barely recognizable when viewed online. These are also new items, but they did have a few reviews, and the information description was brief, with just three sentences about the towels. There was only one photo of of the item on the page and there was no grouping presentation online. Grippi recently completed a two-day session with suppliers on the importance of item merchandising online and its importance in driving in-store sales. She said too often suppliers don’t use all the free online real estate Wal-Mart gives them, which is a wasted opportunity. She also warns brands that Wal-Mart’s focus on private label can be a threat if they don’t actively manage and promote their entire product catalogs online with the retail giant. Comments comments Previous post Walton Family divests 10.88 million Wal-Mart shares to keep ownership around 50% Next post Kathy Alexander appointed to Summit Utilities board Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Elder Law and why is it important to you Justin Allen Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, non-berries, and stuff that doesn’t make America great again Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Latest Popular Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired 4 hours ago Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  8 hours ago Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers 9 hours ago J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year 9 hours ago Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work 10 hours ago Late Fort Smith City Administrator Ray Gosack gifts $750,000 to universities 1,985 views First District Democrat eyeing challenge to Rep. Crawford 1,260 views Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 1,086 views TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 918 views Single Parent Scholarship Fund of NWA executive director resigns, nonprofit looks for a new leader 914 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Comey worried about Trump lying; said Russian interference on election ‘happened’ (Updated) Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Used vehicle price index hits record high Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Walton Family divests 10.88 million Wal-Mart shares to keep ownership around 50% BusinessFinanceNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 393 views  Tags: Walton Family 0 SHARES Share Tweet (from left) Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton at the 2016 Wal-Mart shareholders meeting. The direct heirs of Wal-Mart founders Sam and Helen Walton made a pledge to shareholders in 2015 to keep the family’s ownership of Wal-Mart Stores at roughly 50%. In keeping with that mission the family routinely pares down its holdings. Over the past three weeks Robson, Alice and Jim Walton cumulatively sold more than 10.887 million shares held in the Walton Family Holdings Trust. The sales were valued at more than $862.344 million and transacted in 10 different block trades, according to Form 4 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made between May 22 and June 6. One of the recent transactions completed by the Walton Family garnered a price of $80.22. The average share price the family received was $79.20. Walton Family Holdings Trust was left with 120,318,879 shares after the last sell on June 6. Those shares held in the trust have a street value of $9.501 billion as of Thursday (June 8). The family cumulatively owned around 51% of the outstanding shares as of the recent Proxy filing from April 20. Wal-Mart shares (NYSE: WMT) were trading around $78.90, down 25 cents in the morning session Thursday. For the past 52 weeks Wal-Mart shares have traded between an $80.47 high and a $65.28 low. Comments comments Previous post Texas official named clinical director of surgical services at Washington Regional in Fayetteville Next post Wal-Mart promotes exclusive products with color mail catalog, part of specialty retail push Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Elder Law and why is it important to you Justin Allen Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, non-berries, and stuff that doesn’t make America great again Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Latest Popular Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired 4 hours ago Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  8 hours ago Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers 9 hours ago J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year 9 hours ago Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work 10 hours ago Late Fort Smith City Administrator Ray Gosack gifts $750,000 to universities 1,985 views First District Democrat eyeing challenge to Rep. Crawford 1,260 views Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 1,086 views TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 918 views Single Parent Scholarship Fund of NWA executive director resigns, nonprofit looks for a new leader 914 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
null
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close Dina Bakst, Contributor Co-Founder & Co-President of A Better Balance Pointing Out: How Walmart Unlawfully Punishes Workers For Medical Absences Giving workers points and disciplining them for medical absences is not only unjust, it is often a violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 06/07/2017 05:49 pm ET | Updated 13 hours ago Wolterk via Getty Images By Dina Bakst, Co-Founder & Co-Director of A Better Balance, and Andrea Dehlendorf, Co-Director of Organization United for Respect Ashana* got disciplinary points for taking her son, who had pneumonia, to the hospital. His condition was so severe that he even stopped breathing at one point. Kevin* got disciplinary points for missing work to go to the emergency room for severe asthma. Katie had a miscarriage with serious complications. Walmart gave her points each day she was out and threatened to fire her. Unfortunately, for workers at Walmart, these are not isolated incidents. A new report by A Better Balance, “Pointing Out: How Walmart Unlawfully Punishes Workers for Medical Absences,” explains how Walmart’s absence control program is not only unfair but may also be illegal. The new report is based on conversations with Walmart employees, including a survey conducted by A Better Balance and the OUR Walmart project of the Organization United for Respect of more than 1,000 workers in April and May of this year, and it includes many heartbreaking stories like those above. Walmart operates on a point system, where workers are given a disciplinary “point” for every absence. They also get points for being tardy and for leaving a shift early. Workers are fired once they receive a certain number of points—no questions asked. So what’s the problem? Walmart routinely gives points to workers who are out for medical reasons, including those with disabilities who are medically advised to stay home from work. Workers who call out from work to care for their family members—even seriously ill children—also receive points. Once fired, workers call it “pointing out.” Giving workers points and disciplining them for medical absences is not only unjust, it is often a violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act and, in many circumstances, the Family and Medical Leave Act. These two federal laws, and many other similar state and local laws, protect precisely these types of workers—some of our most vulnerable workers who are simply trying to earn a living and support their families. The report comes on the heels of a charge of discrimination that A Better Balance (ABB) filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission alleging that Walmart has a nationwide pattern and practice of punishing employees with medical needs and disabilities, through enforcement of its point system. According to the ABB charge, Walmart has a consistent and widespread practice of refusing to consider doctor’s notes to excuse absences. Workers who attempt to bring in a statement from a doctor verifying that they were out because they were in the hospital or under similar circumstances are routinely told that Walmart does not accept notes or that it does not matter if they turn in the notes or not—they will still receive a point. The report calls this the “Ostrich Approach,” where Walmart tries to bury its head in the sand and close its eyes to the conditions of workers, likely in order to sidestep their legal obligations. These practices and policies can have a devastating effect on workers who rely on their Walmart paychecks to support their families. Even workers who are not fired can still suffer consequences from having points on their records—not only do they suffer from the anxiety that they are just one sick child or illness away from losing their jobs, they can also be denied promotions, raises, and transfer requests. Far too many Walmart workers are living in poverty and simply cannot afford to point out. Walmart’s point system should also be of public health concern to policymakers and advocates. Those who are too scared of receiving points may feel they have no choice but to go to work even when it is not medically advisable. They may risk spreading infectious diseases to coworkers and customers, or not fully recovering or healing from illness or injury. As America’s largest corporate employer—with 1.5 million employees—Walmart often sets the standard for the entire retail industry. With these tremendous resources, Walmart should change these discriminatory practices and ensure that no worker is given a point for a lawful medical absence. Walmart can, and must, do better. *Names were changed to protect privacy and confidentiality. MORE: U.S. News Walmart Developmental Disabilities Family And Medical Leave Act Of 1993 United Food And Commercial Workers From Our Partners Presented by LendingTree Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 96.8 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Pointing Out: How Walmart Unlawfully Punishes Workers For Medical Absences CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE About Our Ads Contact Us RSS FAQ Careers Archive User Agreement Privacy Policy Comment Policy Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Impact
null
Retail Search Search Climate ChangeRichard Branson Calls President Trump ‘Naive’ For Leaving the Paris Climate Agreement United KingdomU.K. Election Deals Theresa May a Crushing Blow, Blurring Brexit Talks United KingdomSterling Drops as Theresa May Falls Short of Majority in U.K. Election EntrepreneurHere’s Where Most Startups Fail walmart grocery pickup Walmart Pilots Grocery Vending Machine Krishna Thakker Jun 08, 2017 Walmart aims to change the game with its new grocery self-service kiosk. The big box giant is testing a 24/7 grocery vending machine in the parking lot of a Walmart Supercenter in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, according to Business Insider. Customers choose and pay for the groceries online, then Walmart employees pull the items and package them into bins. The groceries are kept inside freezers and refrigerators to keep the food fresh. When customers arrive at the orange kiosk, they input a code, and their groceries appear within a minute. There is no cost to using the kiosk, but Walmart (wmt)does require customers to have a minimum purchase of $30 per order, BI reports. More than 30,000 grocery items are available for ordering and pickup, from meats, diary, and produce, and Walmart says the kiosk can handle hundreds of order a day. The company already offers a similar service that allows customers to purchase groceries online, then park in a designated pick-up spot where a Walmart employee will deliver the items to the car. The retailer's move to make grocery shopping easier and quicker comes as Walmart faces competition from Amazon's food delivery service, Amazon Fresh, and others. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Comey worried about Trump lying; said Russian interference on election ‘happened’ (Updated) Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Used vehicle price index hits record high Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart’s Lore shares e-commerce insights, has ‘good game plan’ with fresh foods BusinessLatest NewsRetail by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 15 hours ago 136 views  Tags: Wal-Mart e-commerce 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart e-Commerce CEO Marc Lore One week after Walmart U.S e-Commerce CEO Marc Lore was baptized in his first Wal-Mart shareholders’ meeting, he sat down with the analyst community at the Baird 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services conference in New York. Lore said during the event held Wednesday (June 7) that he’s excited about the technology and how it can be used in conjunction with a warehouse network already in place all while completing what he considers is the missing piece. “I think a lot of the heavy lifting is going on creating really specialized shopping experiences by micro category. We’ve got all the details just perfected. And so we are going out and hiring category specialists focused on very narrow categories and just trying to crush it,” Lore said. He said the retailer recently hired Olympic gold medalist swimmer Nathan Adrian as a category specialist for competitive swim. Lore said Wal-Mart is hiring experts, some in narrow fields to ensure product assortment is right, the product is best merchandised and priced right. Lore reiterated the there are really two main websites, Jet and Walmart. Both serve the masses, but have different audiences in that Jet shoppers tend to be more urban, younger and higher income than those shopping Walmart.com. Lore said Jet and Walmart.com are sharing backend services so they can leverage logistics, but the sites serve different customers. He said the specialty sites give all shoppers what they want in terms of experience and product. The win for Jet and Walmart with the recent acquisitions is the category expertise gleaned from the specialty players. “That’s really the purpose of it,” Lore said. He was also asked about the retail giant’s stance on fresh foods, which is considered the next frontier for e-commerce. “I think we are really well-positioned on fresh. I mean we have got over 700 stores now with same day pickup of fresh, where we will pick the product for you and bring out to the trunk of your car, where by the end of the year, we will be over 1,000 stores with fresh pickup,” Lore explained. He said the pickup service has a net promoter score above 80, an indication customers like it. He said the hard part is finished with the picking operation in place. The next step of same-day delivery is being tested in 10 stores now and working well, according to Lore. He said Wal-Mart’s unique advantage is in its 4,000 points of distribution around the U.S. located within 10 miles of 90% of the population. “We have got a good game plan from fresh,” Lore added. When asked about his collaboration with Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran, Lore said Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon and the board of directors made it clear to him that Foran was a key person partner with and build a relationship to make sure stores and e-commerce are working together. “Even before I started at Walmart, we already built a good relationship and we have been really close and making a lot of decisions jointly together about the business. We have merged the marketing and technology groups together across stores and e-comm. There is only one marketing group and there is only one technology group. And they will report to me and Greg. So we have one common brand. We have one common platform, one common SKU database,” Lore said. Analysts also asked Lore about which categories the retailer wanted to make popular with consumers. He said there is much focus on the assortments in consumables and fresh because that’s the foundation of the relationship with customers. He said it’s not just products that can be a hero to shoppers, it’s also the experience, like smart-cart technology that allows shoppers to pull costs of the system when they build bigger baskets. This technology is what attracted Wal-Mart to Jet. Since the acquisition of Jet, Lore has reduced Wal-Mart’s free shipping minimum to $35 and launched a discount for general merchandise bought online and picked up in stores, both of which he said is driving more sales. In terms of category specialities that have higher margins such as apparel, shoes, accessories and jewelry, Lore said the retailer is looking at acquisitions, noting some deals – Moosejaw, ShoeBuy, ModCloth and Hayneedle – have already been made. Lore was also asked about the prospects for acquiring capabilities and he said the retailer was primarily focused on organic growth. He said future acquisitions will likely be “in the small specialty players that can help accelerate entry into the long-tail on Walmart.” The “long-tail” is a reference to selling products that are not the most commonly sold online. He said the retailer continues to experiment with ModCloth, which is a specialty clothing – “vertical” – brand that gives Wal-Mart and Jet access to products that can’t be found anywhere else. Lore said leveraging ModCloth with Wal-Mart and Jet creates “great margins.” Comments comments Previous post Nearly 85% of population on Earth has electricity access Next post Comey worried about Trump lying; said Russian interference on election ‘happened’ (Updated) Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Elder Law and why is it important to you Justin Allen Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, non-berries, and stuff that doesn’t make America great again Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Latest Popular Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired 4 hours ago Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  8 hours ago Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers 9 hours ago J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year 9 hours ago Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work 10 hours ago Late Fort Smith City Administrator Ray Gosack gifts $750,000 to universities 1,984 views First District Democrat eyeing challenge to Rep. Crawford 1,260 views Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 1,086 views TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 917 views Single Parent Scholarship Fund of NWA executive director resigns, nonprofit looks for a new leader 914 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to content NFC World Knowledge Centre » Friday 9 June 2017 NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? CloseMenu News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre Close More resources NFC phones list Does my phone have NFC? News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Close Events Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Trending Apple NFC NFC phones What’s New in Payments Mobile payments HCE Tokenization IoT Feedback Orange adds Android Pay to mobile banking app in Poland World’s first car made from bio composites makes global debut Walmart adds instant card issuance to Walmart Pay Carrefour Banque offers instant activation of new C-zam account with Gemalto Digital PIN NXP supports launch of common mobile wallet platform across the UAE Walmart adds instant card issuance to Walmart Pay By Rian Boden • 8 June 2017 • nfcworld.com QUICK START: Customers can now get instant access to their new Walmart credit card on Walmart Pay Customers of US supermarket giant Walmart will now be able to make in-store payments using their Walmart credit card as soon as they are approved through the retailer’s Walmart Pay QR code-based mobile payments service — without having to wait for the physical card to arrive in the post. “With this functionality, from the moment they are approved, customers can use their new Walmart Credit Card at all Walmart store locations and on Walmart.com before their physical card even arrives in the mail,” Walmart says. “The ability to immediately shop with seamless, secure access — whenever, however and wherever a customer wants — is now a reality. It’s yet another way we’re meeting customers where they are — on their mobile devices — and helping to make their lives easier and more convenient.” Walmart Pay was launched in December 2015 and was rolled out across the US in 2016. It completed its nationwide rollout in July last year and at the time recorded a 45% increase in Walmart Pay transactions in one week. tweet  4  share  5  share  2  share  3  print  Explore: Walmart Learn more: Credit card, Mobile payments, QR Codes, Retail, Security, Walmart Pay Territory: USA Featured partner: Get NFC World's email newsletter The top industry headlines by email, every Wednesday. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time Related news Post navigation Carrefour Banque offers instant activation of new C-zam account with Gemalto Digital PIN World’s first car made from bio composites makes global debut What is NFC World? We report on the emerging technologies that are transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Find out more Please consider supporting our work by whitelisting NFC World in your ad blocker Get news from NFC World by email Join 12,900+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time New in the Knowledge Centre What is Samsung Pay and how does it work? What is Android Pay & how does it work? Five factors for quick and effective ID verification deployment Emerging markets: How contactless transactions are making a difference How will we pay in 2020? Latest news Orange adds Android Pay to mobile banking app in Poland World’s first car made from bio composites makes global debut Walmart adds instant card issuance to Walmart Pay Carrefour Banque offers instant activation of new C-zam account with Gemalto Digital PIN NXP supports launch of common mobile wallet platform across the UAE Banco Bradesco customers get mobile-only banking Oxford Bus Company and Thames Travel passengers can now ‘wave and pay’ Visa expands global network of providers to drive acceleration into IoT payments Bango enables new payment option for Amazon customers in Japan US pharmacy deploys NFC shelf labels for greater product insight Subscribe, follow, stay in touch  Follow @nfcw on Twitter  Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn  Get our email newsletter  NFC World on Google+  NFC World on Facebook  RSS news feed Translate… Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal Copyright © 2008-2017 SJB Research Ltd. All rights reserved. Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us Walmart Tests Grocery ATM Press enter to search Walmart Tests Grocery ATM By Jamie Grill-Goodman - 06/08/2017 Walmart is testing a new way to appease online grocery shoppers that prefer self-service. The retail giant has rolled out an automated kiosk in Oklahoma City that allows shoppers to pick up groceries any day or time. Here's how it works. Customers place and pay for orders online. Employees then select the products ordered and store the items in bins inside of the refrigerated kiosk. The customer can then walk up to a touchscreen and punch in a pickup code to retrieve their groceries. Imagine it as a 20-by-80-foot vending machine style building in the parking lot of the Walmart supercenter at N Council and W Britton Roads in Oklahoma City. More than 30,000 items, including fresh produce, meats, dairy products and organic groceries, can be ordered online for the same price they cost in the store and can be picked up free, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The minimum purchase is $30, NewsOK reported. Anne Hatfield, Walmart's director of communications, told NewsOK the store operates a similar kiosk concept in the United Kingdom. "Now we are starting to test some of the same features here in the U.S.," she said. President and CEO Doug McMillon said at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart," he said. "We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Walmart has been experimenting with various delivery methods of late, in its efforts to compete with Amazon. In another pilot, Walmart is using store employees to deliver packages to customers' homes, starting with three test stores – two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. In this scenario, trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where associates can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The plan gives associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Employees that opt in can set preferences in the technology Walmart has developed for this. They can choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home. "Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine," Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart U.S. eCommerce, said in a blog post. "An unexpected benefit is they’re finding quicker routes home thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app." The retailer is also testing six next-gen approaches in two recently opened supercenters in Tomball, TX, and Lake Nona, FL. One of the omnichannel approaches in the new stores is Integrated Pickup, in which shoppers can use the outside drive-thru to pick up weekly groceries, prescriptions and Walmart.com orders. McMillon noted at the Shareholders’ Meeting other Walmart tests include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation, and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Supply Chain Management Do You Want Walmart Associates Knocking On Your Door? Customer Engagement Experts Weigh In On Walmart's Next-Gen Stores Omnichannel Walmart Expands Capabilities as Online Shopping and Traffic Grows RELATED TOPICS Fulfillment Supply Chain Management Mobile Strategy Omnichannel Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy GST Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Walmart India launches toll-free GST helpline Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Walmart India launches toll-free GST helpline Walmart India has launched a GST toll-free helpline to enable its kiranas and other reseller members transition smoothly into the new tax regime.The exclusive helpline has been set up to address retailers' queries, clarify doubts and explain the nuances of the new tax structure.PTI | Jun 8, 2017, 06.19 PM IST Walmart India has launched a helpline to address doubts and nuances regarding GST.(Reuters Photo) NEW DELHI: Walmart India has launched a GST toll-free helpline to enable its kiranas and other reseller members transition smoothly into the new tax regime. The Goods and Services Tax (GST) will roll out from July 1. The exclusive helpline has been set up to address retailers' queries, clarify doubts and explain the nuances of the new tax structure. Walmart India President & CEO Krish Iyer said: "GST is not just a tax reform, it is a whole new way of doing business...At Walmart India, our teams are working diligently to be 100 per cent GST-ready in time and we remain committed to help our partners". Iyer added that GST will positively impact the informal sector and small resellers and kiranas will be able to scale up their businesses significantly. Walmart India has also started a series of workshops for SME supplier partners to help them evaluate their GST compliance levels and prepare for the transition. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas More from The Times of India Army out in Darjeeling as GJM men go berserk Fearing protest spillover, UP tries to speed up sops Trump lawyer rejects Comey testimony, hints at prosecution From the Web More From The Times of India Increase targeted visits on your websiteCOLOMBIA Highest paid Bollywood playback singersBOLLYWOODUNION A Family battles to save their 9-yr-old Son!Milaap 21 richest actresses of the worldSocialDaft! 15 most beautiful women in the worldCrazyFreelancer Live: PM Modi meets Chinese President Xi Jinping WBJEE to hold joint counselling with JEE (Main) Darjeeling burns in peak tourist season Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US UK vote live: Corbyn urges PM May to quit  ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance Get quality online traffic with Times Network COLOMBIA More From The Times of India US spelling bee champs find success after sting of defeat Live: PM Narendra Modi meets Chinese President Xi Jinping PM Modi meets Chinese President Xi Jinping on SCO sidelines Most Popular Isro releases compilation of footages from GSLV Mk III onboard cameras Gurugram gang rape: Auto driver among two arrested ​ Isro’s most powerful rocket GSLV Mk III places GSAT-19 communication satellite in orbit Indian Space Research Organisation on Monday successfully launched its most powerful rocket, GSLV Mk III nicknamed 'Fatboy'+ , by firing a high thrust indigenous cryogenic engine in the first developmental flight and placed the country's heaviest satellite in orbit Sensex, Nifty end marginally lower; GAIL top loser The domestic equity market ended on a negative note on Thursday ahead of three major global events -- former FBI director James Comey’s congressional appearance, ECB’s policy review and UK elections. RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 6.25%, cuts SLR by 50 bps The six-member Monetary Policy Committee of the Reserve Bank of India, headed by Governor Urjit Patel, on Wednesday kept the short-term lending rate, called repo rate, unchanged at 6.25 per cent after its second bimonthly review of this financial year. Read MoreWalMart IndiawalmartHelplineGST helplineGST Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Countrywide daily fuel price revision from June 16 Sensex succumbs to profit-booking, down 58 points SpiceJet launches direct flights on four new routes Get ready to pay different prices for petrol, diesel every day 1Walmart India launches toll-free GST helpline 2Countrywide daily fuel price revision from June 16 3Sensex succumbs to profit-booking, down 58 points 4SpiceJet launches direct flights on four new routes 5Get ready to pay different prices for petrol, diesel every day Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Economic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends MP Farmers protest Rahul Gandhi Champions Trophy 2017 Mamata Banerjee Virat Kohli BSER 10th Results Cricket Live Score Narendra Modi Rohan Bopanna ICC CT Schedule India vs Sri Lanka Indian Army Farmers Protest PM Modi Qatar services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 UP Board 12th Results <p class="MsoNormal">UP Board 10th Results<o:p></o:p></p> MSBSHSE 10th result Telugu Movies xXx Malayalam Movies Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Hollywood News Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` Login to TOI now & get a free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced CoffeeGet Free Coffee
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. 6/08 Amazon set to get India’s approval for online grocery deliveries 6/08 Nikkei returns to 20,000 as Asian markets warily eye U.K. election 6/08 Updated What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? 6/08 U.K. stock futures slide as election points to hung parliament 6/08 Updated Pound tumbles to 7-week low as U.K. exit poll points to hung parliament 6/08 SoftBank buys robotics firms Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Need to Know Get email alerts Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: June 8, 2017 9:57 a.m. ET Share Critical information for the U.S. trading day Getty Images Where is the retail love? By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Bill Gross became the latest bear to come out swinging against this market, which so far seems to be paying him and the other growlers no mind. The next 24 hours could shift their way, though, and investors should have learned from 2016 that surprises are always possible. Of course, one of three horsemen of a potential market apocalypse — FBI director James Comey — is taking on shades of My Little Pony. His big Russia testimony comes later, but so far, his dinner-with-POTUS notes haven’t produced any “ah-ha” moments. Mayhem for global stocks could still come if the opposition Labour Party wins the U.K. general election or the vote ends in a hung parliament (check out what voters there have to say about it all), though Wall Street won’t get the final result today. The final horseman, the ECB left gold worse for wear after President Mario Draghi took a “baby step! towards cutting stimlus. Check out live blogs: Comey testimony , U.K. election , ECB news conference Where bears and bulls are seemingly finding common ground these days is retail. As the seemingly unstoppable Amazon AMZN, +0.02%  continues to eat everyone’s lunch in the sector, investors are shunning retailers amid bankruptcies and warnings of more to come: The retail blues But our call of the day says investors would be wise not to overlook a certain retailer — one that’s been traded on Wall Street since 1972 and has shown it’s ready to take on the Bezos empire. Writing for ValueWalk, the research team at Finbox predicts Wal-Mart WMT, -0.28%  shares are poised to outperform and could climb as high as $100. Shares jumped from a low of $65 in December to the trade in the $75-to-$79 range, boosted by growing traffic in the company’s U.S. stores and in online sales. “If these strong growth numbers can continue, Wal-Mart’s stock looks highly attractive on a future cash flow basis,” says the Finbox team. Read: What killed retail may also save it and Amazon wants to attract Wal-Mart’s low-income customers They add that Wall Street’s projections for discounted cash-flow — one method of valuing shares — produces a fair-value range of around $93 to $100 per share. Of 24 broker ratings for the company, less than half rate it a “buy” and just four see shares nearing the $90 range, according to FactSet. The rest are “hold” ratings, with a couple of “sells”. More positives: Wal-Mart is just starting to see encouraging results from its investment in online shopping. Sales for that segment should only expand as it begins to “take up a larger slice of the pie” and the market starts to price them in, says Finbox analysts. They also offer this “impressive” comparison of Wal-Mart’s margins and returns versus those of its peers: FinBox Key market gauges The DJIA DJIA, +0.04%  and S&P SPX, +0.03%   are drifting south with plenty of things to watch for. The dollar DXY, +0.21%  is shifting higher, with the euro EURUSD, -0.1962%  down after the ECB policy unchanged and drops its reference to lower rates. The presser is getting underway soon. The British pound GBPUSD, -2.4080%  is a bit weaker as U.K. voters head to the polls. The Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, -0.01%  is up and the FTSE 100 UKX, -0.38%  is sagging as the voting gets underway. Across commodities, gold GCM7, -0.11%  is sliding and oil prices CLN7, -0.20%  now heading south, adding to Wednesday’s heavy losses after that shocking U.S. supply data. Read the latest in the Market Snapshot column. Opinion: North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all The buzz Nordstrom JWN, +10.25%   is flying after the struggling retailer talks of going private. Valeant VRX, +8.96%  shares are popping higher premarket on news of the sale of its iNova unit. Alibaba BABA, +13.29%  is soaring towards a record after as an investor day produced an upbeat revenue outlook. Up to 1,000 jobs are expected to go at the combined Yahoo YHOO, +10.21%   and AOL businesses that Verizon VZ, -0.67%  is set to buy, says a report. Chipotle CMG, -0.55%  employees are suing the chain, saying it failed to pay overtime compensation. MarketWatch’s Virtual Stock Exchange, one of the best stock-market simulation games around, is getting a dramatic new face-lift. Tell us what you think. Thursday’s data showed weekly jobless claims stayed near the lowest level in decades. The chart That knockdown for oil prices left a few a bit stunned. Here’s a bit of wisdom from Charlie Bilello, research director at Pension Partners, who points out that investors should take care if they take a one-size-fits-all approach to investing in oil. Just because the price is going up, that may not mean your oil-investment vehicle of choice is going to be seeing the same kind of gains: Returns over last 18 months... Crude Oil: +25% Crude ETF: -17% 3x Crude ETN: -68% Know what u own & why u own it. pic.twitter.com/f2utgKcuI7— Charlie Bilello (@charliebilello) June 7, 2017 The quote Reuters Mea culpa — Greg Gianforte “I hope the constructive resolution of this incident reinforces for all the importance of respecting the freedom of the press and the First Amendment and encourages more civil and thoughtful discourse in our country.” — That’s Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs, accepting the apology of Greg Gianforte. Montana congressman-elect Gianforte will also donate $50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists over the incident in which he “body slammed” the journalist. “My physical response to your legitimate question was unprofessional, unacceptable and unlawful,” said Gianforte, who is due to appear in court later this month on assault charges. He faces up to six months in jail. The stat $52 million — That’s how much short sellers — those betting on an asset to fall — have made off the decline in Snapchat parent Snap SNAP, -3.63%  this year, says S3 Research. The messaging app maker’s shares, off 15% this month, dropped again Wednesday after a Nomura warning over user growth. At $19.56, shares aren’t miles from the company’s $17 IPO debut. Snap is the third largest short in the Application Software sector and has had the largest increase in short interest in the sector over the last month, according to S3. Random reads Iran is not happy with Trump’s comments about Wednesday’s attacks American Girl dolls teach MarketWatch’s Ryan Vlastelica a $15,001 lesson in credit-card fraud. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions apparently offered to quit in recent weeks. This $90 “First Lady” tour is nowhere near the White House The great Kansas economic experiment is finally over. North Korea fired off another round of anti-ship cruise missiles today Seinfeld, Streisand, Obama. They all have personal boundaries lessons for us. Chilling video shows London Bridge attackers meeting five days before the incident Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern. Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Watch out for this surprise credit-card charge, the CFPB warns Here are the key takeaways from Comey’s testimony Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References AMZN +0.20 +0.02% WMT -0.22 -0.28% DJIA +8.84 +0.04% SPX +0.65 +0.03% DXY +0.21 +0.21% EURUSD -0.0022 -0.1962% GBPUSD -0.0312 -2.4080% SXXP -0.03 -0.01% UKX -28.64 -0.38% GCM7 -1.40 -0.11% CLN7 -0.09 -0.20% JWN +4.15 +10.25% VRX +1.09 +8.96% BABA +16.70 +13.29% YHOO +5.16 +10.21% VZ -0.31 -0.67% CMG -2.54 -0.55% SNAP -0.71 -3.63% Show all references Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,010.27 +0.20 (+0.02%) Volume 2.7M Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.1 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $78.93 -0.22 (-0.28%) Volume 10.7M Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $78.23 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 2.58 Market Cap 238.6B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,182.53 +8.84 (+0.04%) Volume 330.3M Open 21,170 High 21,266 Low 21,138 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,433.79 +0.65 (+0.03%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,434 High 2,439 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 97.42 +0.21 (+0.21%) Volume 0 Open 97.18 High 97.42 Low 97.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.1194 -0.0022 (-0.1962%) Volume 0 Open 1.12 High 1.12 Low 1.12 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2645 -0.0312 (-2.4080%) Volume 0 Open 1.30 High 1.30 Low 1.26 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 389.15 -0.03 (-0.01%) Volume 0 Open 389.42 High 390.51 Low 388.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,449.98 -28.64 (-0.38%) Volume 0 Open 7,479 High 7,490 Low 7,450 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,274.90 -1.40 (-0.11%) Volume 332 Open $1,278 High $1,278 Low $1,274 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.55 -0.09 (-0.20%) Volume 37017 Open $45.71 High $45.73 Low $45.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Nordstrom Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JWN $44.63 +4.15 (+10.25%) Volume 23.1M Open $46.94 High $47.90 Low $43.75 P/E Ratio 21.01 Div Yield 3.32 Market Cap 6.7B Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VRX $13.26 +1.09 (+8.96%) Volume 31.5M Open $12.52 High $13.46 Low $12.45 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.7B Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR U.S.: NYSE: BABA $142.34 +16.70 (+13.29%) Volume 80.5M Open $142.51 High $143.70 Low $135.21 P/E Ratio 56.88 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 305.3B Yahoo! Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: YHOO $55.71 +5.16 (+10.21%) Volume 63.8M Open $55.35 High $55.94 Low $53.49 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 48.4B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.19 -0.31 (-0.67%) Volume 11.3M Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.00 P/E Ratio 15.4 Div Yield 5 Market Cap 189.7B Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $459.69 -2.54 (-0.55%) Volume 733.0K Open $461.00 High $464.49 Low $457.02 P/E Ratio 139.72 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.2B Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.85 -0.71 (-3.63%) Volume 32.3M Open $19.40 High $19.40 Low $18.18 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 23.1B
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan 12 great Father's Day gifts: Unique, geeky, affordable and sure to thrill You say Dad already has a $50 smartphone-controlled drone? No problem: Here are 11 more tech toys you won't find at your local Walmart. By David Gewirtz for DIY-IT | June 8, 2017 -- 12:00 GMT (05:00 PDT) | Topic: Innovation and this Mother's Day tech gift guide By a mom, for moms, mom-like guardians and non-binary parents. Read More It's time to pick that perfect gift for Dad. In this guide and the accompanying video, I'll show you affordable robots, drones, robot drones, grill cleaning robots, remote-controlled robotic cameras, and more. Plus, when Dad's all done playing with his wonderful toys, I'll show you some tech-enabled goodies to help him get a good night's sleep. Before I show you all 12 of these great gift ideas, I'd like to share with you why I picked these particular items. I wanted to find items that would be new and exciting for Dad, not just stuff he's seen at his local Walmart. Two companies with a wide selection of unique gadgets, GearBest and Wellbots, were kind enough to give me the run of their catalogs and let me select a few items I thought would be perfect as gifts. I also dug through all the new product announcements I've gotten over the past few months, and selected just a few items I thought would make Dad's day. My goal was to present you with items that were both very cool and very affordable. Most of the gift ideas I'm going to show you are well under a hundred bucks. There are a couple of more premium items, but there are some great selections here no matter what your budget. We've got a dozen products and Dad's waiting, so let's begin. A very geeky DIY-IT Father's Day 2017 SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 13 NEXT PREV Gearbest TIANQU XS809W Foldable RC Quadcopter I'm starting off with my top Father's Day gift recommendation for 2017. First up is the TIANQU XS-809-W Foldable RC Quadcopter from GearBest. Want to know what makes this special? It's fifty bucks! Beyond the included remote control, Dad can also fly this thing in first-person view from his smartphone. He can fly the thing, looking down from the sky via the drone's camera, plus capture video, and still images. The camera is decidedly low-res, but for fifty bucks, Dad gets a fully functional, smartphone controlled drone. If you're on a budget and you really don't know what to buy, this is my go-to recommendation. It's unique, cheap, and very cool. Casetify Red and Black Apple Watch Band You can tell I'm incredibly fashion conscious by looking at my fantastic ensemble today. Yep. T-shirts is about as fancy as I get. And that's been the case with my Apple Watch band. I bought a black watch, so I got a black band. The folks at Casetify decided to attempt an intervention. They sent me this very nice band which matches ZDNet's colors. Clearly, an Apple Watch band isn't for everyone (not everyone has an Apple Watch, after all). But if your Dad does have an Apple Watch, bling him into the 21st century. At fifty two bucks, it's actually more expensive than the drone, but if you're determined to give Dad some style, this is one way to go. Sphero BB-8 Star Wars app-enabled droid Robots? Did someone say robots? If you saw The Force Awakens, you know that the standout character was the little BB-8 droid. That little guy is almost as cute as my puppy. Makes you want to go squeee. The folks at Wellbots sent me the $124 Sphero version of BB-8, which looks exactly like the one in the movie, except this guy is size of a baseball. This is an app-controlled robot with a ton of features and games. If you give this to Dad, I guarantee he'll have hours of fun annoying you - and probably the dog, too. Grillbot Let's switch to something near and dear to every Dad's heart: food. I gotta tell you, I love my grill. Okay, to be fair, it's not really the grill I love, it's the ability to make steaks and hot dogs, and burgers. Mmm... You know what I don't love? Cleaning the grill. For years, my solution had been to ignore the problem. My theory was that the old gunk and funk on the grill added to the flavor. My wife disagreed. Grilling now has an added step: cleaning. If your Dad feels like I do about cleaning, what could be more freeing than a robot? Here, then, I present you with the Grillbot. Dad can charge it up, put it on his grill - make sure the burners are off -- and let it scrub away. This thing ranges from about $120 to $140, depending on whether you get a case to go with it. Reolink Keen remote camera I never used to care about the idea of an indoor security camera, until two things happened: I got a dog, and I started 3D printing. In both those cases, I've long wanted to hook up some remote viewing method so I could easily see whether or not Pixel or one of the printers got into trouble and needed some intervention. The Reolink Keen camera is interesting because it's a set-it-and-forget-it remote-operated robotic camera with pan and tilt. It's battery powered and WiFi, so all Dad needs to do is plug it in, connect it to WiFi, and watch it from the Web or his phone. It's $129 and worth it for the added peace of mind. 3Doodler Create Pen Speaking of 3D printing, let's talk about the 3Doodler Create Pen. At just under a hundred bucks, this thing takes in plastic filament, heats it up, and lets you apply it to whatever you want. Think "glue gun" but with plastic instead of glue. The possibilities for Dad are endless. He can extrude plastic to sculpt whatever he might want, use it to connect things together, and to make repairs. My interest in it, as a 3D printing explorer, is using it to weld plastic parts together and possibly add highlights and accents to the things I create. When you give it to Dad, his first reaction will be probably "What am I supposed to do with this?" But give him a day or so, and he'll be plastic doodling everything in sight. Guaranteed. ZeroTech Dobby Pocket Drone You didn't think I was going to leave this video without showing you another drone, did you? Of course not. Now, I'll caution you. This little drone from Wellbots is $350. But then again, it's a lot more advanced than the fifty dollar one I showed you before. The Dobby is also smartphone controlled, but it has much more granular control and a far better camera. This thing can capture 4K video, which beats even the new DJI Spark, which is more expensive and limited to 1080p. It might be a bit of a stretch money-wise for a Father's Day gift, but as an entry-level smart drone - that's the size of a phone - it's a worthy contender and Dad will love it. MGCOOL Explorer Pro 4K 30fps Sports Camera If you want to give Dad a 4K camera and don't want to spend three hundred bucks or more, I present to you the very cool McCool Explorer Pro. Sent to me from GearBest, this is basically a GoPro, but at under forty bucks, it's a LOT cheaper. It's even got a screen on the back. What's always bothered me about GoPros is that they're too expensive to subject to the action they're supposed to film. But at a penny under forty dollars, attach it to your helmet, strap it to your skateboard, or gaffer tape it to your hockey stick. If it breaks, it's no great loss. Just buy another one. API Panaview Aquarium Kit with LED Lighting and Power Filter When I grew up, my Dad's main hobby was tropical fish. We'd go down into the basement in our New Jersey home and there were tanks all along the wall. I never took up fish as a hobby, but I now have an actual fish tank (sort of). This is the API Panaview Aquarium Kit, which I picked up on Amazon for about forty bucks. I'm going to use it to film dissolving 3D filament for future videos, but it's a real fish tank kit, complete with lights and a filter. If you want something fun and wholesome for Dad, tropical fish may be a way to go. My dad certainly loved them. Sugru Sugru is a visco-elastic polymer, kind of like a rubber that's also a glue that's also moldable. This is one of those cool, futuristic materials that if you traveled back in time to 1999, no one would know what it was or how it worked. Think of Sugru as the duct tape of rubber. You know how duct tape can solve almost any problem that you have, as long as you're willing to strap things together? Sugru is like that, but more silly putty than tape. And it's strong. Give it to Dad and he can mold it, squish it, and use for an almost infinite number of fixit projects. At about twenty bucks for a kit complete with an idea guide, you know this is something Dad will immediately put in his toolbox. Helping Dad relax I'll end our 2017 gift guide with two related products, both designed to help Dad relax. The first is the 1Voice headphones and eye mask. This thing is a padded mask with speakers in each side. It's soft enough that Dad can lay on his side, hear his tunes, and not feel the discomfort of an earbud. It's also great on an airplaine. Next is the DreamPad. This is a pillow with a flat speaker inside. It's unique because there's both sounds and a bit of vibration, which can help remove distractions. The big win is that Dad can comfortably lay on this pillow, hear whatever he's listening to, and not disturb Mom. The 1Voice eye mask headphones are about thirty bucks. The DreamPad ranges from $150 to $180. One important note: both require wired headphone jack connections to your phone unless you add a separate Bluetooth dongle. Happy Father's Day Well there you go: 12 unexpected and unusual products that your Dad is sure to love. If you decide to give any of these, please feel free to share about the experience in the comments below. 2017 Father's Day tech gifts and gadgets... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 22 NEXT PREV And have a wonderful Father's Day. You can follow my day-to-day project updates on social media. Be sure to follow me on Twitter at @DavidGewirtz, on Facebook at Facebook.com/DavidGewirtz, on Instagram at Instagram.com/DavidGewirtz, and on YouTube at YouTube.com/DavidGewirtzTV. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation The best software inventions ever Innovation A very geeky DIY-IT Father's Day 2017 Innovation Japanese tech that makes us jealous Apple Just how overpriced is Apple's new iMac Pro? × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. 6/08 Amazon set to get India’s approval for online grocery deliveries 6/08 Nikkei returns to 20,000 as Asian markets warily eye U.K. election 6/08 Updated What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? 6/08 U.K. stock futures slide as election points to hung parliament 6/08 Updated Pound tumbles to 7-week low as U.K. exit poll points to hung parliament 6/08 SoftBank buys robotics firms Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Need to Know Get email alerts Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: June 8, 2017 9:57 a.m. ET Share Critical information for the U.S. trading day Getty Images Where is the retail love? By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Bill Gross became the latest bear to come out swinging against this market, which so far seems to be paying him and the other growlers no mind. The next 24 hours could shift their way, though, and investors should have learned from 2016 that surprises are always possible. Of course, one of three horsemen of a potential market apocalypse — FBI director James Comey — is taking on shades of My Little Pony. His big Russia testimony comes later, but so far, his dinner-with-POTUS notes haven’t produced any “ah-ha” moments. Mayhem for global stocks could still come if the opposition Labour Party wins the U.K. general election or the vote ends in a hung parliament (check out what voters there have to say about it all), though Wall Street won’t get the final result today. The final horseman, the ECB left gold worse for wear after President Mario Draghi took a “baby step! towards cutting stimlus. Check out live blogs: Comey testimony , U.K. election , ECB news conference Where bears and bulls are seemingly finding common ground these days is retail. As the seemingly unstoppable Amazon AMZN, +0.02%  continues to eat everyone’s lunch in the sector, investors are shunning retailers amid bankruptcies and warnings of more to come: The retail blues But our call of the day says investors would be wise not to overlook a certain retailer — one that’s been traded on Wall Street since 1972 and has shown it’s ready to take on the Bezos empire. Writing for ValueWalk, the research team at Finbox predicts Wal-Mart WMT, -0.28%  shares are poised to outperform and could climb as high as $100. Shares jumped from a low of $65 in December to the trade in the $75-to-$79 range, boosted by growing traffic in the company’s U.S. stores and in online sales. “If these strong growth numbers can continue, Wal-Mart’s stock looks highly attractive on a future cash flow basis,” says the Finbox team. Read: What killed retail may also save it and Amazon wants to attract Wal-Mart’s low-income customers They add that Wall Street’s projections for discounted cash-flow — one method of valuing shares — produces a fair-value range of around $93 to $100 per share. Of 24 broker ratings for the company, less than half rate it a “buy” and just four see shares nearing the $90 range, according to FactSet. The rest are “hold” ratings, with a couple of “sells”. More positives: Wal-Mart is just starting to see encouraging results from its investment in online shopping. Sales for that segment should only expand as it begins to “take up a larger slice of the pie” and the market starts to price them in, says Finbox analysts. They also offer this “impressive” comparison of Wal-Mart’s margins and returns versus those of its peers: FinBox Key market gauges The DJIA DJIA, +0.04%  and S&P SPX, +0.03%   are drifting south with plenty of things to watch for. The dollar DXY, +0.13%  is shifting higher, with the euro EURUSD, -0.1962%  down after the ECB policy unchanged and drops its reference to lower rates. The presser is getting underway soon. The British pound GBPUSD, -2.3154%  is a bit weaker as U.K. voters head to the polls. The Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, -0.01%  is up and the FTSE 100 UKX, -0.38%  is sagging as the voting gets underway. Across commodities, gold GCM7, -0.11%  is sliding and oil prices CLN7, -0.20%  now heading south, adding to Wednesday’s heavy losses after that shocking U.S. supply data. Read the latest in the Market Snapshot column. Opinion: North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all The buzz Nordstrom JWN, +10.25%   is flying after the struggling retailer talks of going private. Valeant VRX, +8.96%  shares are popping higher premarket on news of the sale of its iNova unit. Alibaba BABA, +13.29%  is soaring towards a record after as an investor day produced an upbeat revenue outlook. Up to 1,000 jobs are expected to go at the combined Yahoo YHOO, +10.21%   and AOL businesses that Verizon VZ, -0.67%  is set to buy, says a report. Chipotle CMG, -0.55%  employees are suing the chain, saying it failed to pay overtime compensation. MarketWatch’s Virtual Stock Exchange, one of the best stock-market simulation games around, is getting a dramatic new face-lift. Tell us what you think. Thursday’s data showed weekly jobless claims stayed near the lowest level in decades. The chart That knockdown for oil prices left a few a bit stunned. Here’s a bit of wisdom from Charlie Bilello, research director at Pension Partners, who points out that investors should take care if they take a one-size-fits-all approach to investing in oil. Just because the price is going up, that may not mean your oil-investment vehicle of choice is going to be seeing the same kind of gains: Returns over last 18 months... Crude Oil: +25% Crude ETF: -17% 3x Crude ETN: -68% Know what u own & why u own it. pic.twitter.com/f2utgKcuI7— Charlie Bilello (@charliebilello) June 7, 2017 The quote Reuters Mea culpa — Greg Gianforte “I hope the constructive resolution of this incident reinforces for all the importance of respecting the freedom of the press and the First Amendment and encourages more civil and thoughtful discourse in our country.” — That’s Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs, accepting the apology of Greg Gianforte. Montana congressman-elect Gianforte will also donate $50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists over the incident in which he “body slammed” the journalist. “My physical response to your legitimate question was unprofessional, unacceptable and unlawful,” said Gianforte, who is due to appear in court later this month on assault charges. He faces up to six months in jail. The stat $52 million — That’s how much short sellers — those betting on an asset to fall — have made off the decline in Snapchat parent Snap SNAP, -3.63%  this year, says S3 Research. The messaging app maker’s shares, off 15% this month, dropped again Wednesday after a Nomura warning over user growth. At $19.56, shares aren’t miles from the company’s $17 IPO debut. Snap is the third largest short in the Application Software sector and has had the largest increase in short interest in the sector over the last month, according to S3. Random reads Iran is not happy with Trump’s comments about Wednesday’s attacks American Girl dolls teach MarketWatch’s Ryan Vlastelica a $15,001 lesson in credit-card fraud. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions apparently offered to quit in recent weeks. This $90 “First Lady” tour is nowhere near the White House The great Kansas economic experiment is finally over. North Korea fired off another round of anti-ship cruise missiles today Seinfeld, Streisand, Obama. They all have personal boundaries lessons for us. Chilling video shows London Bridge attackers meeting five days before the incident Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern. Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow Investors conclude Trump won’t be impeached, and the smart money dumps gold Concerns increase about John McCain’s health after Comey hearing Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References AMZN +0.20 +0.02% WMT -0.22 -0.28% DJIA +8.84 +0.04% SPX +0.65 +0.03% DXY +0.12 +0.13% EURUSD -0.0022 -0.1962% GBPUSD -0.0300 -2.3154% SXXP -0.03 -0.01% UKX -28.64 -0.38% GCM7 -1.40 -0.11% CLN7 -0.09 -0.20% JWN +4.15 +10.25% VRX +1.09 +8.96% BABA +16.70 +13.29% YHOO +5.16 +10.21% VZ -0.31 -0.67% CMG -2.54 -0.55% SNAP -0.71 -3.63% Show all references Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,010.27 +0.20 (+0.02%) Volume 2.7M Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.1 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $78.93 -0.22 (-0.28%) Volume 10.7M Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $78.23 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 2.58 Market Cap 238.6B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,182.53 +8.84 (+0.04%) Volume 330.3M Open 21,170 High 21,266 Low 21,138 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,433.79 +0.65 (+0.03%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,434 High 2,439 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 97.33 +0.12 (+0.13%) Volume 0 Open 97.18 High 97.39 Low 97.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.1194 -0.0022 (-0.1962%) Volume 0 Open 1.12 High 1.12 Low 1.12 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2657 -0.0300 (-2.3154%) Volume 0 Open 1.30 High 1.30 Low 1.26 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 389.15 -0.03 (-0.01%) Volume 0 Open 389.42 High 390.51 Low 388.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,449.98 -28.64 (-0.38%) Volume 0 Open 7,479 High 7,490 Low 7,450 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,274.90 -1.40 (-0.11%) Volume 332 Open $1,278 High $1,278 Low $1,274 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.55 -0.09 (-0.20%) Volume 35976 Open $45.71 High $45.73 Low $45.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Nordstrom Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JWN $44.63 +4.15 (+10.25%) Volume 23.1M Open $46.94 High $47.90 Low $43.75 P/E Ratio 21.01 Div Yield 3.32 Market Cap 6.7B Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VRX $13.26 +1.09 (+8.96%) Volume 31.5M Open $12.52 High $13.46 Low $12.45 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.7B Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR U.S.: NYSE: BABA $142.34 +16.70 (+13.29%) Volume 80.5M Open $142.51 High $143.70 Low $135.21 P/E Ratio 56.88 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 305.3B Yahoo! Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: YHOO $55.71 +5.16 (+10.21%) Volume 63.8M Open $55.35 High $55.94 Low $53.49 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 48.4B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.19 -0.31 (-0.67%) Volume 11.3M Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.00 P/E Ratio 15.4 Div Yield 5 Market Cap 189.7B Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $459.69 -2.54 (-0.55%) Volume 733.0K Open $461.00 High $464.49 Low $457.02 P/E Ratio 139.72 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.2B Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.85 -0.71 (-3.63%) Volume 32.3M Open $19.40 High $19.40 Low $18.18 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 23.1B
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. 6/08 Amazon set to get India’s approval for online grocery deliveries 6/08 Nikkei returns to 20,000 as Asian markets warily eye U.K. election 6/08 Updated What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? 6/08 U.K. stock futures slide as election points to hung parliament 6/08 Updated Pound tumbles to 7-week low as U.K. exit poll points to hung parliament 6/08 SoftBank buys robotics firms Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Need to Know Get email alerts Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: June 8, 2017 9:57 a.m. ET Share Critical information for the U.S. trading day Getty Images Where is the retail love? By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Bill Gross became the latest bear to come out swinging against this market, which so far seems to be paying him and the other growlers no mind. The next 24 hours could shift their way, though, and investors should have learned from 2016 that surprises are always possible. Of course, one of three horsemen of a potential market apocalypse — FBI director James Comey — is taking on shades of My Little Pony. His big Russia testimony comes later, but so far, his dinner-with-POTUS notes haven’t produced any “ah-ha” moments. Mayhem for global stocks could still come if the opposition Labour Party wins the U.K. general election or the vote ends in a hung parliament (check out what voters there have to say about it all), though Wall Street won’t get the final result today. The final horseman, the ECB left gold worse for wear after President Mario Draghi took a “baby step! towards cutting stimlus. Check out live blogs: Comey testimony , U.K. election , ECB news conference Where bears and bulls are seemingly finding common ground these days is retail. As the seemingly unstoppable Amazon AMZN, +0.02%  continues to eat everyone’s lunch in the sector, investors are shunning retailers amid bankruptcies and warnings of more to come: The retail blues But our call of the day says investors would be wise not to overlook a certain retailer — one that’s been traded on Wall Street since 1972 and has shown it’s ready to take on the Bezos empire. Writing for ValueWalk, the research team at Finbox predicts Wal-Mart WMT, -0.28%  shares are poised to outperform and could climb as high as $100. Shares jumped from a low of $65 in December to the trade in the $75-to-$79 range, boosted by growing traffic in the company’s U.S. stores and in online sales. “If these strong growth numbers can continue, Wal-Mart’s stock looks highly attractive on a future cash flow basis,” says the Finbox team. Read: What killed retail may also save it and Amazon wants to attract Wal-Mart’s low-income customers They add that Wall Street’s projections for discounted cash-flow — one method of valuing shares — produces a fair-value range of around $93 to $100 per share. Of 24 broker ratings for the company, less than half rate it a “buy” and just four see shares nearing the $90 range, according to FactSet. The rest are “hold” ratings, with a couple of “sells”. More positives: Wal-Mart is just starting to see encouraging results from its investment in online shopping. Sales for that segment should only expand as it begins to “take up a larger slice of the pie” and the market starts to price them in, says Finbox analysts. They also offer this “impressive” comparison of Wal-Mart’s margins and returns versus those of its peers: FinBox Key market gauges The DJIA DJIA, +0.04%  and S&P SPX, +0.03%   are drifting south with plenty of things to watch for. The dollar DXY, +0.23%  is shifting higher, with the euro EURUSD, -0.2229%  down after the ECB policy unchanged and drops its reference to lower rates. The presser is getting underway soon. The British pound GBPUSD, -2.2768%  is a bit weaker as U.K. voters head to the polls. The Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, -0.01%  is up and the FTSE 100 UKX, -0.38%  is sagging as the voting gets underway. Across commodities, gold GCM7, -0.11%  is sliding and oil prices CLN7, -0.26%  now heading south, adding to Wednesday’s heavy losses after that shocking U.S. supply data. Read the latest in the Market Snapshot column. Opinion: North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all The buzz Nordstrom JWN, +10.25%   is flying after the struggling retailer talks of going private. Valeant VRX, +8.96%  shares are popping higher premarket on news of the sale of its iNova unit. Alibaba BABA, +13.29%  is soaring towards a record after as an investor day produced an upbeat revenue outlook. Up to 1,000 jobs are expected to go at the combined Yahoo YHOO, +10.21%   and AOL businesses that Verizon VZ, -0.67%  is set to buy, says a report. Chipotle CMG, -0.55%  employees are suing the chain, saying it failed to pay overtime compensation. MarketWatch’s Virtual Stock Exchange, one of the best stock-market simulation games around, is getting a dramatic new face-lift. Tell us what you think. Thursday’s data showed weekly jobless claims stayed near the lowest level in decades. The chart That knockdown for oil prices left a few a bit stunned. Here’s a bit of wisdom from Charlie Bilello, research director at Pension Partners, who points out that investors should take care if they take a one-size-fits-all approach to investing in oil. Just because the price is going up, that may not mean your oil-investment vehicle of choice is going to be seeing the same kind of gains: Returns over last 18 months... Crude Oil: +25% Crude ETF: -17% 3x Crude ETN: -68% Know what u own & why u own it. pic.twitter.com/f2utgKcuI7— Charlie Bilello (@charliebilello) June 7, 2017 The quote Reuters Mea culpa — Greg Gianforte “I hope the constructive resolution of this incident reinforces for all the importance of respecting the freedom of the press and the First Amendment and encourages more civil and thoughtful discourse in our country.” — That’s Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs, accepting the apology of Greg Gianforte. Montana congressman-elect Gianforte will also donate $50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists over the incident in which he “body slammed” the journalist. “My physical response to your legitimate question was unprofessional, unacceptable and unlawful,” said Gianforte, who is due to appear in court later this month on assault charges. He faces up to six months in jail. The stat $52 million — That’s how much short sellers — those betting on an asset to fall — have made off the decline in Snapchat parent Snap SNAP, -3.63%  this year, says S3 Research. The messaging app maker’s shares, off 15% this month, dropped again Wednesday after a Nomura warning over user growth. At $19.56, shares aren’t miles from the company’s $17 IPO debut. Snap is the third largest short in the Application Software sector and has had the largest increase in short interest in the sector over the last month, according to S3. Random reads Iran is not happy with Trump’s comments about Wednesday’s attacks American Girl dolls teach MarketWatch’s Ryan Vlastelica a $15,001 lesson in credit-card fraud. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions apparently offered to quit in recent weeks. This $90 “First Lady” tour is nowhere near the White House The great Kansas economic experiment is finally over. North Korea fired off another round of anti-ship cruise missiles today Seinfeld, Streisand, Obama. They all have personal boundaries lessons for us. Chilling video shows London Bridge attackers meeting five days before the incident Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern. Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook. More from MarketWatch More Coverage This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References AMZN +0.20 +0.02% WMT -0.22 -0.28% DJIA +8.84 +0.04% SPX +0.65 +0.03% DXY +0.22 +0.23% EURUSD -0.0025 -0.2229% GBPUSD -0.0295 -2.2768% SXXP -0.03 -0.01% UKX -28.64 -0.38% GCM7 -1.40 -0.11% CLN7 -0.12 -0.26% JWN +4.15 +10.25% VRX +1.09 +8.96% BABA +16.70 +13.29% YHOO +5.16 +10.21% VZ -0.31 -0.67% CMG -2.54 -0.55% SNAP -0.71 -3.63% Show all references Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,010.27 +0.20 (+0.02%) Volume 2.7M Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.1 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $78.93 -0.22 (-0.28%) Volume 10.7M Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $78.23 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 2.58 Market Cap 238.6B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,182.53 +8.84 (+0.04%) Volume 330.3M Open 21,170 High 21,266 Low 21,138 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,433.79 +0.65 (+0.03%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,434 High 2,439 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 97.43 +0.22 (+0.23%) Volume 0 Open 97.18 High 97.46 Low 97.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.1191 -0.0025 (-0.2229%) Volume 0 Open 1.12 High 1.12 Low 1.12 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2662 -0.0295 (-2.2768%) Volume 0 Open 1.30 High 1.30 Low 1.26 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 389.15 -0.03 (-0.01%) Volume 0 Open 389.42 High 390.51 Low 388.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,449.98 -28.64 (-0.38%) Volume 0 Open 7,479 High 7,490 Low 7,450 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,274.90 -1.40 (-0.11%) Volume 332 Open $1,278 High $1,278 Low $1,274 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.52 -0.12 (-0.26%) Volume 37618 Open $45.71 High $45.73 Low $45.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Nordstrom Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JWN $44.63 +4.15 (+10.25%) Volume 23.1M Open $46.94 High $47.90 Low $43.75 P/E Ratio 21.01 Div Yield 3.32 Market Cap 6.7B Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VRX $13.26 +1.09 (+8.96%) Volume 31.5M Open $12.52 High $13.46 Low $12.45 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.7B Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR U.S.: NYSE: BABA $142.34 +16.70 (+13.29%) Volume 80.5M Open $142.51 High $143.70 Low $135.21 P/E Ratio 56.88 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 305.3B Yahoo! Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: YHOO $55.71 +5.16 (+10.21%) Volume 63.8M Open $55.35 High $55.94 Low $53.49 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 48.4B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.19 -0.31 (-0.67%) Volume 11.3M Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.00 P/E Ratio 15.4 Div Yield 5 Market Cap 189.7B Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $459.69 -2.54 (-0.55%) Volume 733.0K Open $461.00 High $464.49 Low $457.02 P/E Ratio 139.72 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.2B Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.85 -0.71 (-3.63%) Volume 32.3M Open $19.40 High $19.40 Low $18.18 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 23.1B
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. 6/08 Amazon set to get India’s approval for online grocery deliveries 6/08 Nikkei returns to 20,000 as Asian markets warily eye U.K. election 6/08 Updated What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? 6/08 U.K. stock futures slide as election points to hung parliament 6/08 Updated Pound tumbles to 7-week low as U.K. exit poll points to hung parliament 6/08 SoftBank buys robotics firms Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Need to Know Get email alerts Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: June 8, 2017 9:57 a.m. ET Share Critical information for the U.S. trading day Getty Images Where is the retail love? By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Bill Gross became the latest bear to come out swinging against this market, which so far seems to be paying him and the other growlers no mind. The next 24 hours could shift their way, though, and investors should have learned from 2016 that surprises are always possible. Of course, one of three horsemen of a potential market apocalypse — FBI director James Comey — is taking on shades of My Little Pony. His big Russia testimony comes later, but so far, his dinner-with-POTUS notes haven’t produced any “ah-ha” moments. Mayhem for global stocks could still come if the opposition Labour Party wins the U.K. general election or the vote ends in a hung parliament (check out what voters there have to say about it all), though Wall Street won’t get the final result today. The final horseman, the ECB left gold worse for wear after President Mario Draghi took a “baby step! towards cutting stimlus. Check out live blogs: Comey testimony , U.K. election , ECB news conference Where bears and bulls are seemingly finding common ground these days is retail. As the seemingly unstoppable Amazon AMZN, +0.02%  continues to eat everyone’s lunch in the sector, investors are shunning retailers amid bankruptcies and warnings of more to come: The retail blues But our call of the day says investors would be wise not to overlook a certain retailer — one that’s been traded on Wall Street since 1972 and has shown it’s ready to take on the Bezos empire. Writing for ValueWalk, the research team at Finbox predicts Wal-Mart WMT, -0.28%  shares are poised to outperform and could climb as high as $100. Shares jumped from a low of $65 in December to the trade in the $75-to-$79 range, boosted by growing traffic in the company’s U.S. stores and in online sales. “If these strong growth numbers can continue, Wal-Mart’s stock looks highly attractive on a future cash flow basis,” says the Finbox team. Read: What killed retail may also save it and Amazon wants to attract Wal-Mart’s low-income customers They add that Wall Street’s projections for discounted cash-flow — one method of valuing shares — produces a fair-value range of around $93 to $100 per share. Of 24 broker ratings for the company, less than half rate it a “buy” and just four see shares nearing the $90 range, according to FactSet. The rest are “hold” ratings, with a couple of “sells”. More positives: Wal-Mart is just starting to see encouraging results from its investment in online shopping. Sales for that segment should only expand as it begins to “take up a larger slice of the pie” and the market starts to price them in, says Finbox analysts. They also offer this “impressive” comparison of Wal-Mart’s margins and returns versus those of its peers: FinBox Key market gauges The DJIA DJIA, +0.04%  and S&P SPX, +0.03%   are drifting south with plenty of things to watch for. The dollar DXY, +0.24%  is shifting higher, with the euro EURUSD, -0.2318%  down after the ECB policy unchanged and drops its reference to lower rates. The presser is getting underway soon. The British pound GBPUSD, -2.2382%  is a bit weaker as U.K. voters head to the polls. The Stoxx Europe 600 SXXP, -0.01%  is up and the FTSE 100 UKX, -0.38%  is sagging as the voting gets underway. Across commodities, gold GCM7, -0.11%  is sliding and oil prices CLN7, -0.26%  now heading south, adding to Wednesday’s heavy losses after that shocking U.S. supply data. Read the latest in the Market Snapshot column. Opinion: North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all The buzz Nordstrom JWN, +10.25%   is flying after the struggling retailer talks of going private. Valeant VRX, +8.96%  shares are popping higher premarket on news of the sale of its iNova unit. Alibaba BABA, +13.29%  is soaring towards a record after as an investor day produced an upbeat revenue outlook. Up to 1,000 jobs are expected to go at the combined Yahoo YHOO, +10.21%   and AOL businesses that Verizon VZ, -0.67%  is set to buy, says a report. Chipotle CMG, -0.55%  employees are suing the chain, saying it failed to pay overtime compensation. MarketWatch’s Virtual Stock Exchange, one of the best stock-market simulation games around, is getting a dramatic new face-lift. Tell us what you think. Thursday’s data showed weekly jobless claims stayed near the lowest level in decades. The chart That knockdown for oil prices left a few a bit stunned. Here’s a bit of wisdom from Charlie Bilello, research director at Pension Partners, who points out that investors should take care if they take a one-size-fits-all approach to investing in oil. Just because the price is going up, that may not mean your oil-investment vehicle of choice is going to be seeing the same kind of gains: Returns over last 18 months... Crude Oil: +25% Crude ETF: -17% 3x Crude ETN: -68% Know what u own & why u own it. pic.twitter.com/f2utgKcuI7— Charlie Bilello (@charliebilello) June 7, 2017 The quote Reuters Mea culpa — Greg Gianforte “I hope the constructive resolution of this incident reinforces for all the importance of respecting the freedom of the press and the First Amendment and encourages more civil and thoughtful discourse in our country.” — That’s Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs, accepting the apology of Greg Gianforte. Montana congressman-elect Gianforte will also donate $50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists over the incident in which he “body slammed” the journalist. “My physical response to your legitimate question was unprofessional, unacceptable and unlawful,” said Gianforte, who is due to appear in court later this month on assault charges. He faces up to six months in jail. The stat $52 million — That’s how much short sellers — those betting on an asset to fall — have made off the decline in Snapchat parent Snap SNAP, -3.63%  this year, says S3 Research. The messaging app maker’s shares, off 15% this month, dropped again Wednesday after a Nomura warning over user growth. At $19.56, shares aren’t miles from the company’s $17 IPO debut. Snap is the third largest short in the Application Software sector and has had the largest increase in short interest in the sector over the last month, according to S3. Random reads Iran is not happy with Trump’s comments about Wednesday’s attacks American Girl dolls teach MarketWatch’s Ryan Vlastelica a $15,001 lesson in credit-card fraud. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions apparently offered to quit in recent weeks. This $90 “First Lady” tour is nowhere near the White House The great Kansas economic experiment is finally over. North Korea fired off another round of anti-ship cruise missiles today Seinfeld, Streisand, Obama. They all have personal boundaries lessons for us. Chilling video shows London Bridge attackers meeting five days before the incident Need to Know starts early and is updated until the opening bell, but sign up here to get it delivered once to your email box. Be sure to check the Need to Know item. The emailed version will be sent out at about 7:30 a.m. Eastern. Follow MarketWatch on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Boris Johnson as new U.K. prime minister? Bookies are already increasing the odds Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References AMZN +0.20 +0.02% WMT -0.22 -0.28% DJIA +8.84 +0.04% SPX +0.65 +0.03% DXY +0.23 +0.24% EURUSD -0.0026 -0.2318% GBPUSD -0.0290 -2.2382% SXXP -0.03 -0.01% UKX -28.64 -0.38% GCM7 -1.40 -0.11% CLN7 -0.12 -0.26% JWN +4.15 +10.25% VRX +1.09 +8.96% BABA +16.70 +13.29% YHOO +5.16 +10.21% VZ -0.31 -0.67% CMG -2.54 -0.55% SNAP -0.71 -3.63% Show all references Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $1,010.27 +0.20 (+0.02%) Volume 2.7M Open $1,012 High $1,014 Low $1,006 P/E Ratio 190.1 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 482.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $78.93 -0.22 (-0.28%) Volume 10.7M Open $79.58 High $80.13 Low $78.23 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 2.58 Market Cap 238.6B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,182.53 +8.84 (+0.04%) Volume 330.3M Open 21,170 High 21,266 Low 21,138 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,433.79 +0.65 (+0.03%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,434 High 2,439 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 97.44 +0.23 (+0.24%) Volume 0 Open 97.18 High 97.46 Low 97.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.1189 -0.0026 (-0.2318%) Volume 0 Open 1.12 High 1.12 Low 1.12 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2667 -0.0290 (-2.2382%) Volume 0 Open 1.30 High 1.30 Low 1.26 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 389.15 -0.03 (-0.01%) Volume 0 Open 389.42 High 390.51 Low 388.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,449.98 -28.64 (-0.38%) Volume 0 Open 7,479 High 7,490 Low 7,450 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,274.90 -1.40 (-0.11%) Volume 332 Open $1,278 High $1,278 Low $1,274 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $45.52 -0.12 (-0.26%) Volume 37618 Open $45.71 High $45.73 Low $45.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Nordstrom Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JWN $44.63 +4.15 (+10.25%) Volume 23.1M Open $46.94 High $47.90 Low $43.75 P/E Ratio 21.01 Div Yield 3.32 Market Cap 6.7B Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VRX $13.26 +1.09 (+8.96%) Volume 31.5M Open $12.52 High $13.46 Low $12.45 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.7B Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR U.S.: NYSE: BABA $142.34 +16.70 (+13.29%) Volume 80.5M Open $142.51 High $143.70 Low $135.21 P/E Ratio 56.88 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 305.3B Yahoo! Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: YHOO $55.71 +5.16 (+10.21%) Volume 63.8M Open $55.35 High $55.94 Low $53.49 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 48.4B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.19 -0.31 (-0.67%) Volume 11.3M Open $46.50 High $46.56 Low $46.00 P/E Ratio 15.4 Div Yield 5 Market Cap 189.7B Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CMG $459.69 -2.54 (-0.55%) Volume 733.0K Open $461.00 High $464.49 Low $457.02 P/E Ratio 139.72 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.2B Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.85 -0.71 (-3.63%) Volume 32.3M Open $19.40 High $19.40 Low $18.18 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 23.1B
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 52°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Thursday, June 8, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Boston Herald Drive with John Sapochetti, Rick Shaffer Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Utah mom allegedly used pliers to pull out her 7-year-old’s teeth in a store bathroom People Thursday, June 08, 2017 Credit: People comments A Utah mother was charged this week with one count of felony child abuse after she allegedly yanked out some of her 7-year-old son’s teeth in a Wal-Mart bathroom earlier this year. Authorities say the charge stems from an April 2 incident in which 47-year-old Jeannine Isom went to Wal-Mart, purchased hand sanitizer and needle nose pliers and took her son to the bathroom. While there, investigators claim, she pulled out two of his teeth with the pliers. “It wasn’t just a parent trying to get rid of a kid’s lose tooth,” Deputy Utah County, Utah, Attorney Christine Scott tells PEOPLE. “This clearly rose above that and that is what made it criminal — and not something parents do when they are just trying to help their kid lose their baby teeth.” According to a probable cause statement obtained by PEOPLE, the boy’s older brother and a store employee heard his screams. “The defendant didn’t use any type of anesthetic when she pulled [his] teeth,” the document alleges. “He said one was loose and the other was only a little loose and that he was crying the entire time his mother was pulling his teeth.” Isom told police the boy’s teeth were infected, Sgt. Josh Christensen with the American Fork, Utah, police tells PEOPLE. But “he was taken to the dentist a couple of days later and the dentist said there was no sign of an infection whatsoever,” Christensen says. • Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter. “In her mind she believed the teeth were infected and they needed to come out,” he says. “She went straight in the bathroom and pulled the teeth out that were nowhere near ready to be taken out. They were breaking off in pieces because they were so solid.” While authorities were not called immediately following the incident in Wal-Mart, according to Christensen, Isom was later arrested on April 18 after a family member learned about the alleged abuse and called police. She was released on $2,000 bail and has a court appearance scheduled for July 11, where she will enter a plea to her charge. Her 7-year-old son has been placed in the custody of child services, authorities said. The location of the boy’s older brother was not immediately available. Isom has not retained an attorney and, when reached by PEOPLE on Wednesday, did not immediately have a comment on the accusations against her. Related Articles Congressman-elect Greg Gianforte has apologized for ‘body slamming’ a reporter 4-year-old boy dies of secondary drowning almost a week after swimming trip Time runs out on 24: Legacy, but Fox plans a ‘new version’ More On: People magazine Jeannine Isom Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: Former G-man shows he’s truly bigger man than president Adriana Cohen Adriana Cohen: Sabato Jr. fights as a conservative in liberal Hollywood Bill Speros / Obnoxious Boston Fan Speros: Remy deserves Sox’ support in PC-driven flap Kimberly Atkins Atkins: For Donald Trump, devil is in the details Tom Shattuck Shattuck: Taking a stand on ex-FBI director Joe Battenfeld Battenfeld: Hyped sizzle may just fizzle Trending Now House Democrats’ bills threaten DOC/ICE pact Errors leave Boston veterans shortchanged Quincy dispensary preps pizza with pot Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Sault Ste. Marie, Walmart Resolve Year-Long Dispute - Northern Michigan's News Leader 9&10 Contests & Events CBS Shows What's On Mugshots Connect with Us Alerts & Emails News Tips News Michigan This Morning Latest News Michigan News National International News Business News Features News Tips Weather Radar & Temp Maps Severe Weather Alerts Live Skycams Live Weather Stations Interactive Radar Local River Levels School Closings & Delays My View Fish & Game Report Marine Weather Sports Video Sports Video Sights & Sounds of Northern Michigan Northern Michigan In Focus Video Healthy Living Video Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Video Hometown Tourist Video Cooking with Chef Hermann Video Expert Tips Videos Grant Me Hope Video View All Video Features Adventures in Northern Michigan Amazing Northern Michigan Homes Brewvine Cooking with Chef Hermann Grant Me Hope Healthy Living Inside the Kitchen Jack's Journal MedWatch Northern Michigan From Above View All Features Community Brewvine Community Calendar Contests & Events Expert Tips Games Helping Hands Law Help Line My View School Closings & Delays Virtual Buck Pole LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Advertising Sales Creative Services Employment Opportunities Contact Us Station Overview NMD Fox 32 Fox 32 Contests & Events Fox Shows What's On Fox Topix About Fox 32 News Tips Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Sault Ste. Marie, Walmart Resolve Year-Long Dispute Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 5:57 AM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 8, 2017 5:57 AM EDT By Jesi Munguia, Producer Email Connect JesiMunguia@9and10news.com Follow @Jesi910 A year-long dispute between Sault Ste. Marie and Walmart has been resolved, potentially saving the city nearly $270,000. It deals with the "dark store theory." The Sault Ste. Marie Walmart believed its taxable value is the same amount it would fetch if it were closed down and sold off as an empty store or dark store. But the store is still open and has no plans to close. Because of that, the city set Walmart's taxable value at a much higher rate. Walmart appealed the higher rate but withdrew that appeal Thursday. That means the original taxable value set for the store by Sault Ste. Marie will stay the same. If this hadn't happened, the city says it would have lost out on $268,000 and even more in the future. Latest NewsMore>> Isabella Co. Planning Commission Discusses Zoning Amendment for Wind Turbines Isabella Co. Planning Commission Discusses Zoning Amendment for Wind Turbines Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:36 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:36 GMT “The last thing I want to hear is a 55 decibel plus or minus wind turbine.”  “The last thing I want to hear is a 55 decibel plus or minus wind turbine.”  Airbnb to Start Collecting State Taxes Airbnb to Start Collecting State Taxes Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:10:45 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:10:45 GMT “I think it's a smart move for Airbnb it's definitely going to help the state.”  “I think it's a smart move for Airbnb it's definitely going to help the state.”  Enbridge Testing the Integrity of Straits Pipeline for the First Time Since Construction Enbridge Testing the Integrity of Straits Pipeline for the First Time Since Construction Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:32 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:32:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:29 PM EDT2017-06-08 23:29:04 GMT The twin pipelines running through the Straits of Mackinac is in the process of getting tested as part of a federally mandated agreement. The twin pipelines running through the Straits of Mackinac is in the process of getting tested as part of a federally mandated agreement. Grand Traverse Pie Founders Honored With 2017 Lyle DeYoung Award Grand Traverse Pie Founders Honored With 2017 Lyle DeYoung Award Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:56:00 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:56:00 GMT Thursday Grand Traverse Pie Company gets recognized for more than just its delicious deserts.  Thursday Grand Traverse Pie Company gets recognized for more than just its delicious deserts.  Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Sault Ste. Marie Walmart Drops Tax Appeal, Community Relieved Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:00:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:42 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:42:54 GMT There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Wal-Mart over property taxes. There is finally a resolution for a community after years of legal back and forth with a Chippewa County Wal-Mart over property taxes. Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Lake City Celebrates Free Fishing Weekend Lake City Celebrates Free Fishing Weekend Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:35 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:35:34 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:57 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:57:34 GMT It's shaping up to be a warm Saturday and Sunday so it’s the perfect time to enjoy a free fishing weekend.  It's shaping up to be a warm Saturday and Sunday so it’s the perfect time to enjoy a free fishing weekend.  New Bill Encourages Out of State Hunters New Bill Encourages Out of State Hunters Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:54 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:54:56 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:57 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:57:05 GMT A new bill is being discussed to encourage out-of-state hunters to come to Michigan.  A new bill is being discussed to encourage out-of-state hunters to come to Michigan.  Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:33 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:33:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:55:06 GMT Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.      Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Antrim Co. Deputies Arrest Gunman After Short Standoff Antrim Co. Deputies Arrest Gunman After Short Standoff Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:02 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:02:00 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:19 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:19:59 GMT A man is in custody after a short standoff in Antrim County. A man is in custody after a short standoff in Antrim County. Michigan Man Accused of Threatening Restaurant Over Onions, Exposing Himself Michigan Man Accused of Threatening Restaurant Over Onions, Exposing Himself Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:56:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:12 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:12:05 GMT A Michigan man is in jail after Pennsylvania police say he made drunken threats and then exposed himself, all because his food included onions.  A Michigan man is in jail after Pennsylvania police say he made drunken threats and then exposed himself, all because his food included onions.  West Michigan Teacher's Disappearance Now Considered Possible Homicide West Michigan Teacher's Disappearance Now Considered Possible Homicide Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:04 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:04:32 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:04 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:04:32 GMT West Michigan police searched the home of a missing high school Spanish teacher and say her disappearance is now considered a possible homicide.  West Michigan police searched the home of a missing high school Spanish teacher and say her disappearance is now considered a possible homicide.  Kalkaska Police Looking for Person Who Set Fire to 200-Year-Old Ship Rudder Kalkaska Police Looking for Person Who Set Fire to 200-Year-Old Ship Rudder Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:25 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:25:40 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:52 AM EDT2017-06-08 15:52:34 GMT A 200-year-old ship rudder was lit on fire in Kalkaska.  A 200-year-old ship rudder was lit on fire in Kalkaska.  Grand Traverse Mall: Social Media Post About Sex Trafficking Operation is Fake Grand Traverse Mall: Social Media Post About Sex Trafficking Operation is Fake Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:19 PM EDT2017-06-07 17:19:45 GMT Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:19 PM EDT2017-06-07 17:19:45 GMT The Grand Traverse Mall is setting the record straight after a fake story was shared on social media.  The Grand Traverse Mall is setting the record straight after a fake story was shared on social media.  Federal Investigators Stop Potential Terrorism Targets by Arresting Two Men Federal Investigators Stop Potential Terrorism Targets by Arresting Two Men Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:00:09 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:00 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:00:09 GMT Federal investigators say they've stopped potential terrorism targets by arresting two men, including one from Michigan.  Federal investigators say they've stopped potential terrorism targets by arresting two men, including one from Michigan.  Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Grand Traverse County Democrats, Republicans React To Former FBI Director James Comey's Testimony Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:07 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:07:20 GMT Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Comey's testimony was watched and analyzed across the nation. Those on both sides in Northern Michigan say it could change the face of politics.  Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Up To A $5,000 Reward Offered In Kalkaska Arson Investigation Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:49 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:49:07 GMT A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  A Lake Michigan shipwreck antique charred. Kalkaska Department of Public Safety says someone set it on fire this week.  Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Cadillac Police And Businesses Divided On Potential Michigan CPL Laws Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:33 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:33:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:55:06 GMT Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Concealed pistol licenses may not been needed in Michigan soon.   Aqua Blue Water Park Was Open To Public Aqua Blue Water Park Was Open To Public Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:01 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:01:43 GMT Aqua Blue water park, currently the biggest water park in Egypt, is located in Sharm El Sheikh Aqua Blue Sharm and is the most popular holiday resort developed by Albatros group. This water park, around 70,000... Aqua Blue water park, currently the biggest water park in Egypt, is located in Sharm El Sheikh Aqua Blue Sharm and is the most popular holiday resort developed by Albatros group. This water park, around 70,000 square meters...    Home Features Cooking with Chef Hermann Contests & Events News Tips What's On Virtual Buck Pole News Feedback at 5:00 Michigan News National News Entertainment News News Tips Business News International News Weather Weather Alerts Skycams Radar & Temp Maps Live Weather Stations My View School Closings & Delays Sports Local Sports Headlines College Sports Michigan Sports National Sports Sports Overtime Local Sports Scores Health Living Right Healthy Living About Us Personnel Bios Reception Troubleshooting Creative Services Contact Us WWTV FCC Public File WFQX FCC Public File All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Heritage Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association® for Walmart Wellness Day Retailer anticipates exceeding 1M free health screenings across four events The largest health fair in America will once again be coming to communities across the country. During Walmart Wellness Day on June 17, Walmart will offer free health screenings in its more than 4,600 locations across the country, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail June 08, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The largest health fair in America will once again be coming to communities across the country. During Walmart Wellness Day on June 17, Walmart will offer free health screenings in its more than 4,600 locations across the country, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time. This year, Walmart is helping to extend the event beyond a single day by teaming up with the American Diabetes Association to offer support to people who are at risk for developing type 2 diabetes. According to the American Diabetes Association, one in 11 Americans has diabetes today, and 86 million more – about one in three – are at risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Following the June 17 Walmart Wellness Day, the American Diabetes Association will follow up via email with interested customers whose blood pressure and blood glucose tests indicated they may be at a greater risk for diabetes, providing suggested next steps and resources. “We’re more committed than ever to serving as an open door to affordable, accessible healthcare, and our Walmart Wellness Day program is a key piece of that,” said George Riedl, senior vice president & president, Walmart Health & Wellness. “We know that many of our customers have learned about an existing health problem for the first time at one our Walmart Wellness Day events, and that can be overwhelming. Walmart is proud to be working with the American Diabetes Association to offer even more support to customers who may find themselves in this situation.” Since its first Walmart Wellness Day event, the company has provided nearly 1.1 million free health screenings to people across the country. These events have helped countless individuals uncover existing health problems, including high blood pressure, signs of diabetes and other potential illness. Just this past January, free screenings topped 338,000. “An estimated 8 million people with diabetes are undiagnosed, and when left untreated, diabetes can lead to serious health complications including kidney failure, heart disease, stroke, blindness and amputations,” says Tamara Darsow, PhD, senior vice president, research and community programs for the Association. “We are excited to work with Walmart on this initiative and encourage as many Americans as possible to participate. Knowing your risk for diabetes is the first step to being able to prevent or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes.” Future Walmart Wellness Days with the American Diabetes Association are planned for September 2017, January 2018 and spring 2018. Screening Information Walmart Wellness Day will take place from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time on Saturday, June 17, in more than 4,600 Walmart stores across the country. Free screenings will include blood glucose, blood pressure, vision (select locations) and body mass index tests. Product samples will be available, and more than 10,000 of Walmart’s licensed pharmacists will offer immunizations in select stores. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations: Erin Hulliberger, 800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter or American Diabetes Association press@diabetes.org Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations: Erin Hulliberger, 800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter or American Diabetes Association press@diabetes.org Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Walmart Teams up with American Diabetes Association® for Walmart Wellness Day Retailer anticipates exceeding 1M free health screenings across four events The largest health fair in America will once again be coming to communities across the country. During Walmart Wellness Day on June 17, Walmart will offer free health screenings in its more than 4,600 locations across the country, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail June 08, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The largest health fair in America will once again be coming to communities across the country. During Walmart Wellness Day on June 17, Walmart will offer free health screenings in its more than 4,600 locations across the country, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time. This year, Walmart is helping to extend the event beyond a single day by teaming up with the American Diabetes Association to offer support to people who are at risk for developing type 2 diabetes. According to the American Diabetes Association, one in 11 Americans has diabetes today, and 86 million more – about one in three – are at risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Following the June 17 Walmart Wellness Day, the American Diabetes Association will follow up via email with interested customers whose blood pressure and blood glucose tests indicated they may be at a greater risk for diabetes, providing suggested next steps and resources. “We’re more committed than ever to serving as an open door to affordable, accessible healthcare, and our Walmart Wellness Day program is a key piece of that,” said George Riedl, senior vice president & president, Walmart Health & Wellness. “We know that many of our customers have learned about an existing health problem for the first time at one our Walmart Wellness Day events, and that can be overwhelming. Walmart is proud to be working with the American Diabetes Association to offer even more support to customers who may find themselves in this situation.” Since its first Walmart Wellness Day event, the company has provided nearly 1.1 million free health screenings to people across the country. These events have helped countless individuals uncover existing health problems, including high blood pressure, signs of diabetes and other potential illness. Just this past January, free screenings topped 338,000. “An estimated 8 million people with diabetes are undiagnosed, and when left untreated, diabetes can lead to serious health complications including kidney failure, heart disease, stroke, blindness and amputations,” says Tamara Darsow, PhD, senior vice president, research and community programs for the Association. “We are excited to work with Walmart on this initiative and encourage as many Americans as possible to participate. Knowing your risk for diabetes is the first step to being able to prevent or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes.” Future Walmart Wellness Days with the American Diabetes Association are planned for September 2017, January 2018 and spring 2018. Screening Information Walmart Wellness Day will take place from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time on Saturday, June 17, in more than 4,600 Walmart stores across the country. Free screenings will include blood glucose, blood pressure, vision (select locations) and body mass index tests. Product samples will be available, and more than 10,000 of Walmart’s licensed pharmacists will offer immunizations in select stores. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations: Erin Hulliberger, 800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter or American Diabetes Association press@diabetes.org Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations: Erin Hulliberger, 800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter or American Diabetes Association press@diabetes.org Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Menu About Tamebay Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events eBooks Sign up Login News Headlines Marketplaces Amazon eBay Alibaba Allegro CDiscount Etsy SKU Cloud Gumtree Halfords Jet.com Newegg Notonthehighstreet Rakuten Tesco Yumbles Zalando Payments Logistics Ecommerce Small Business Tamebay Guide Share: POST TWEET SHARE SHARE EMAIL Home EcommerceWalmart trials grocery collection kiosks Walmart trials grocery collection kiosks By Dan Wilson June 7, 2017 - 10:21 pm Walmart has enjoyed considerable success in recent months but its also feeling the pinch from Amazon. In the first quarter of 2017 the retail giant saw a 63% leap in online sales over the period year on year. And to further augment that success, Walmart has launched it’s first collection kiosk in US cart Oklahoma City. The service offers same day collection, and offers more than 30k items times that can be collected for free, 24/7 There’s a $30 minimum purchase. There’s nothing particularly innovative in this development and doubtless the trial will roll out across America in due course. It gives Walmart the opportunity to leverage its magnificent fulfilment network, and real estate, and offer greater convenience to shoppers. It will be interesting to see whether the new system is embraced by US shoppers. Walmart has said that they will be introducing discounts on goods that shoppers order online and then collect at a store location. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon says: “Our stores are located within 10 miles of nearly 90% of the U.S. population, so this is convenient for many of our customers, and also saves them money when they order online and pick it up during their visit to our stores.” Here’s the promotional video: Have your say Click here to cancel reply. View our Comment Policy Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Latest News 6 hours ago Supplier Spotlight: Khaos Control 7 hours ago Join eBay and celebrate Pride in London on 8th July 10 hours ago Etsy is changing its Ts & Cs 11 hours ago Amazon Pantry promo on orders over £60 See More Stories Tamebay Guide Welcome to our Tamebay Guide. Companies listed in the directory represent the leading suppliers in the UK and Europe. Amazon Amazon started as online book store and has grown to be the worlds Company profile See More Companies Related posts 7 hours ago Join eBay and celebrate Pride in London on 8th July 10 hours ago Etsy is changing its Ts & Cs 11 hours ago Amazon Pantry promo on orders over £60 See More Stories < Previous Two shortcomings of the new Post Office automated checkouts Next > Amazon experienced website problems on Wednesday Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events Ebooks Contact About Tamebay Become a Member Account Sign in Advertise on Tamebay Privacy Policy Tamebay is an imprint of eSeller Publishing Limited, published by SJP Business Media on its behalf Tel.: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8980 Email: info@tamebay.com Log in Privacy Policy
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us SHOPPING Walmart testing giant grocery vending machine Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2070920" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Walmart is testing a vending machine to distribute online grocery orders. (Walmart) KTRK Wednesday, June 07, 2017 08:23PM WARR ACRES, Oklahoma (KTRK) -- Walmart is trying to make it easier to pick up online grocery orders with a giant, self-serve kiosk currently being tested in an Oklahoma store. Customers purchase and pay for the groceries online. Walmart employees then pick and pack the orders into bins inside the 20 by 80 foot kiosk. When you're ready to pick up your order, a unique code will retrieve your groceries. There is no cost for picking up groceries, but customers must spend at least $30 in order to use the service. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: shoppingwalmartrobotstechnologyu.s. & worldOklahoma Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. SHOPPING Digital Deal of the Day Michael Kors to close more than 100 stores Buy the lingerie, skip the laptop: What to buy in June Best Memorial Day sales for your holiday weekend More Shopping Top Stories Couple in custody after indicted on murder charges What we know about couple indicted in Denny's fight Birth control recalled, could cause unplanned pregnancy Texas lawmakers react to testimony from James Comey Family believes body found near Eastex is missing man Possible human remains found in NW Harris County Woman claims man took photo of her in Target dressing room Show More Travelers angry after Spirit Airlines cancels multiple flights Lawsuit filed over Methodist phone bugging claims Boeing working to develop pilotless planes Road woes: Freeway hole exposes more problems 7 most memorable moments of James Comey's testimony More News Top Video Texas lawmakers react to testimony from James Comey Birth control recalled, could cause unplanned pregnancy Everyone in America gets a free taco Tuesday Boeing working to develop pilotless planes More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
News News Home Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Military Special Reports Maps & Data Sports Sports Home UConn High School Local Colleges Professional Game Day Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Podcasts Arts & Entertainment A & E Home Movies & TV Arts & Music Food & Drink Events & Exhibits Lifestyle Games & Puzzles Dear Abby Horoscopes Photos & Videos Photos & Videos Home GameDay Videos Photo Galleries Live Lunch Obituaries FAQs Contact Us Go! Marketplace Classifieds Jobs FindMyHomeCT Wheels Coupons Contests Magazines Bookstore Business Directory DayExtra Home Food & Drink Culture Lifestyle Hola Visitors Guide Services Membership My Account Subscribe Passport Rewards Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives E-Paper Advertising D2 Media Solutions D2 Home Website Development Social Media Marketing Search Engine Optimization Marketing & Branding Day Direct Commercial Printing MENU   CONTACT US Register Login Go! Police/Fire/Courts   Police/Fire/Courts Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Police find sex offender with missing Vermont girl at Lisbon Walmart Published June 08. 2017 9:31PM | Updated June 08. 2017 10:05PM Lisbon — State police arrested a convicted sex offender from Vermont at a Lisbon Walmart on Thursday who was found with a 16-year-old Vermont girl first reported missing by her mother on June 4. Vermont State Police earlier this week had issued a statement asking for the public’s help in locating the girl and 47-year-old William Smith Jr., a man with no permanent address who was out of compliance with the Vermont sexual offender registry. The girl was last seen leaving her residence on foot with a backpack, according to Vermont state police. Police said she might be with Smith, with whom she was acquainted, and had reached out to other state and law enforcement agencies. Connecticut State Police located the two inside Walmart at 180 River Road in Lisbon on Thursday. Police said the girl was not injured and was in good physical health. She was taken to Troop E in Montville and remanded to the custody of the Department of Children and Families. Smith was taken into custody as a fugitive from justice. He additionally was charged with operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license and improper use of a license plate. Smith was held in lieu of a $100,000 bond and expected to be arraigned Friday in Norwich Superior Court. Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Hide Comments READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 New London's Howard Street site of proposed residential developments 2 Police find sex offender with missing Vermont girl at Lisbon Walmart 3 Heroin sales investigation leads to arrest in Waterford 4 Your stars June 9 5 Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation 6 Fitch's reign ends with 6-5 Class L semifinal loss to Barlow 7 Local projects recommended for harbor improvement grants 8 Woman accused of leak ordered to remain jailed pending trial 9 Man gets needed health care in a marriage of convenience 10 First election in years yields new president of North Stonington ambulance MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Voices of the Class of 2017 2 Fitch softball falls in semifinals to Joel Barlow 3 Aaron Torres of Fox Sports: Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball, and what’s wrong with UConn? 4 Live Lunch Break: Kendall Swan 5 Long wait times at the DMV, a suggestion for legalized recreational marijuana in Connecticut MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation 38 2 Millstone bill passes Senate but fizzles out in House 22 3 Accused leaker shared harsh opinions on Trump before arrest 22 4 Naked man leads police, fire personnel on chase through New London 20 5 Police: Connecticut man spotted hiking naked in state park 13 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Today’s Ads Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7 Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Cams Weather Radar Storm Tracker Weather Alerts School Closings Weather Blog Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Conquering Addiction Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Lifestyle + Holidays Home & Garden Family Community Calendar Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Simplemost Marketplace + BBB KC Home Improvement Specialists Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live About Us + Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Support KindKC KCLive.TV 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 68 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 62° HI: -° LO: 62° HI: -° LO: 62° More Weather Traffic current alerts 2 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Wyandotte County man wrongfully convicted of robbery goes free after 17 years Patrick Fazio, Rae Daniel 6:22 PM, Jun 8, 2017 5 hours ago Share Article Previous Next A judge freed a Wyandotte County man imprisoned for a 1999 Roeland Park Walmart robbery KSHB Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next JOHNSON COUNTY, Kan. - A judge freed a Wyandotte County man imprisoned for a 1999 Roeland Park Walmart robbery. Richard Jones walked out of the Johnson County jail Thursday afternoon after his lawyers convinced a Johnson County judge Wednesday that his conviction was based on just one eyewitness. “It's unbelievable, I ain't seen myself being here,” Jones said as he walked out of the detention center. “It's been 17 years. Something I ain't do, but I'm thankful. I'm blessed." It was an emotional moment Jones never thought he’d see: hugging family, friends and strangers who helped prove his innocence. “I just know that I have friends for life,” he said. “They family to me, not friends, they family, I'm just grateful." "We work on cases all the time trying to get people out, and sometimes we're successful, sometimes we're not,” Jones’s attorney Alice Craig said. “This was actually a good day for us.” Jones’ lawyers with the Midwest Innocence Project showed these mug shots to the judge claiming the other similar looking man should be charged with the crime.      On the left is a mugshot of a man who goes by "Ricky." On the right is Richard Jones. Jones’ lawyers with the Midwest Innocence Project showed these mug shots to the judge claiming the other similar looking man should be charged with the crime.   “I think the judge recognized that an injustice had been done. Everyone did. The victim did, the original prosecutor did and came to testify that Richard Jones didn't commit this crime,” said Tricia Bushnell, director of the Midwest Innocence Project.  Jones’ lawyers also said the police showed the eyewitness this lineup with Jones’ picture brighter than the other suspects. The defense claims the police never looked at another suspect. While Jones can’t get those 17 years he was imprisoned back, he says he want to focus on those close to him. “You never think it could happen to you until it really happens and you waking up in a prison cell every day for a crime you didn't commit, it's unbelievable,” Jones said. “This is my granddaughter. This is my first time even holding her. And seeing her in person.” His 20-year-old daughter Obsession Washington was just a toddler at the time Jones was put behind bars. She said she is ready to make new memories with her dad. “You can't get back from the 17 years so I guess you can move forward from what we didn't get together,” Washington said. We asked the Johnson County Prosecutor’s Office for a comment on the case and if they plan to charge the other suspect for the crime, but we have yet to hear back. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video Weather KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar KC Home Improvement Specialists Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Contests Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Entertainment updated: 6/8/2017 3:01 PM Shopping for a TV? Good Luck Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Associated Press     Big box stores like Costco, Walmart, and Target sell a variety of large flat panel TV sets, each of which have varying features, specs, and pricing. From connectors to frequencies and choices like 1080p vs. 4K, how does the public make sense of it all? We've jumped from: plasma to LCD to OLED; 720p to 1080i to 1080p; and 3D to 4K, not mention cyling through various HDMI connections and refresh rates. The latest choice for TV buyers is HDR, or high dynamic range, which allows for a wider contrast between pure black and pure white. It's expressed in nits and-in theory-the more nits, the more dynamic range. The labels to look for are Dolby Vision or HDR 10. Both are calibrated to 1,000 nits, though 4K TV sets hover around 500; the newest LG OLED sets claim 1,000 and up. There is an attempt to convince people that HDR on 1080p is the way to go for streaming. The rationale is that HDR is better than 4K from a distance and HDR only adds 20 percent to the bandwidth requirement. This is baffling because nobody makes a 1080p HDR set and probably never will. And HDR itself is hard to come by, especially content-wise. Then there's LCD vs. OLED; the latter offers brighter, sharper picture with more dynamic range in an ultra-thin package, but it'll cost you. Further complicating things is the introduction of version 2 of the HDMI standard. Most older 4K sets have HDMI 1.3 or 1.4 ports. Popular streaming boxes-like the Roku Ultra , for example-output via an HDMI 2 port which, when it hits the TV set, actually drops the feed to 1080p because of some high-definition content protection violation. To work around this, I found a Chinese-made $25 converter box that turns HDMI 2.0 to 1.4. But personally, I do not see how people put up with this. Perhaps they just listen to the salesman and believe whatever he says. Last year, as 1080p displays were being phased out, I heard a floor guy tell a customer, "Get this 1080p display, it is $200 cheaper and you cannot tell the difference because there is no 4K content." I would have jumped in to share my rule-always buy the newest proven technology because there are a lot of improvements, not to mention the fact that the 4K TV upscales everything to make it prettier. Why buy the old set? I didn't, but the customer bought the 4K anyway, which I found enlightening and hopeful. I think he was a PCMag reader. This article originally appeared on PCMag.com. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Entertainment Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: Television Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH WCAX Investigates Super Seniors Recipes & Food Energy Tips Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 4:39 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 8, 2017 6:18 PM EDT By Jennifer Costa BioEmail Connect Biography costa@wcax.com Follow @WCAX_Jennifer William Smith Mackayla Lozell-Courtesy: Dawn Lozell LISBON, Conn. - A missing teen from Vermont was found more than 300 miles from home. Vermont State Police say Mackayla Lozell, 16, of Alburgh, was found safe in Lisbon, Connecticut, at about 3:30 p.m. Thursday. They say Mackayla is in good health and is now in protective custody with state police in Connecticut. William Smith, 47, was arrested. Smith is the registered sex offender police suspected Mackayla was with. He faces multiple charges in Vermont for sex offender registry violations and probation violations. There's no word yet on whether he will face charges in connection with this case. Police say a concerned citizen spotted Smith's car in a Walmart parking lot and called police. Mackayla went missing from her home Sunday. Police suspected she was with Smith but said they believed she went with him willingly. Our Jennifer Costa dug deeper into Smith's criminal history. She found Smith was convicted of sexual assault in 1999. Investigators say his victim was a 16-year-old girl. Smith got 4-12 years behind bars. Corrections stopped supervising him on the sex charge back in 2008. But he is still required to register as a sex offender. We've learned Smith has not been compliant with the registry since January. That's the last time authorities tried to check on him. Swanton Police were unable to find him at his registered home. Smith failed to provide an updated photo and still has not told the state where he's living. Corrections officials say Smith participated in sex offender treatment while in prison. He is still on probation for several other offenses, including DUI, careless and negligent operation, driving with a suspended license, ignoring an abuse prevention order and violating court-ordered conditions of his release. The DOC says Smith does not have a good track record with probation. He missed two court hearings in May. Tuesday, a Chittenden County court issued a warrant for his arrest. That's two days after Mackayla's mom told police her daughter was missing. Related Stories: Police get multiple tips on car connected to missing Vt. teen Police: Missing teen may be with sex offender Local NewsMore>> Man charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge Man charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:28 PM EDT2017-06-09 02:28:23 GMT A man is charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge. A man is charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge. Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:18 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:18:07 GMT A missing girl from Alburgh has been found in Connecticut. The registered sex offender she was with was arrested. A missing girl from Alburgh has been found in Connecticut. The registered sex offender she was with was arrested. Police search for missing Brattleboro girl Police search for missing Brattleboro girl Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:05 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:05:43 GMT Police are looking for a 14-year-old Brattleboro girl who is missing. Police are looking for a 14-year-old Brattleboro girl who is missing. Rescuers search for man's body in Connecticut River Rescuers search for man's body in Connecticut River Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:32 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:32:41 GMT Rescuers are searching the Connecticut River looking for a man's body. Rescuers are searching the Connecticut River looking for a man's body. Police: Baby's death not suspicious Police: Baby's death not suspicious Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 18:56:22 GMT Colchester Police say there is no evidence of anything suspicious in connection with the death of a baby.  Colchester Police say there is no evidence of anything suspicious in connection with the death of a baby.  Plattsburgh Police: Pair arrested with 170 bags of fentanyl Plattsburgh Police: Pair arrested with 170 bags of fentanyl Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:47 PM EDT2017-06-09 00:47:34 GMT Police say two New Yorkers were arrested on drug charges during a traffic stop near Plattsburgh.  Police say two New Yorkers were arrested on drug charges during a traffic stop near Plattsburgh.  2 recovering from injuries in head-on ATV crash at NH park 2 recovering from injuries in head-on ATV crash at NH park Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:19 AM EDT2017-06-08 14:19:01 GMT Two men are recovering from injuries suffered when their ATVs collided at Jericho Mountain State Park in Berlin, New Hampshire. Two men are recovering from injuries suffered when their ATVs collided at Jericho Mountain State Park in Berlin, New Hampshire. Hyundai recalls thousands of cars Hyundai recalls thousands of cars Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:55:19 GMT There's a consumer alert for Hyundai drivers. There's a consumer alert for Hyundai drivers. News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Political News Comey says he was fired over Russia probe, blasts 'lies' Local News City: Durham mall's threat to tow park-and-ride customers violates ordinance Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Edenton family continues weather observation--120 years and counting Sponsor Weather A-Maze-ing 2017 weather photos DUALDoppler5000 With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw College Basketball Pitt releases Johnson to play at UNC as graduate transfer Colleges UNC, NC State to host for ACC/Big Ten Challenge; Duke heads to Indiana Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Unbundling: When streaming brings diminished returns Davidson's daydreams become Super Regional reality Pitino's Cards primed to pounce in ACC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Political News GOP-run House votes to roll back post-2008 financial rules Venture/Innovation Triangle places No. 5 in top 25 'Tech Cities' report Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislators and their peanut gallery Editorial: End the partisan games, draw legal voting districts now Editorial: Rather than shake the D.C. establishment, Trump brings chaos Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Why your credit cards shouldn't retire when you do Business How much life insurance do you need (if any)? Business How should I save for my kid's college education? 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Why dancing is good for your health 5 On Your Side Don't be corn-fused: See results of pre-popped popcorn tests Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About North Hills unearths time capsule Out and About Weekend best bets: Flip Flop Run, Food Truck Rodeo Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News One dead, multiple injured in church bus accident near Atlanta Local News Fayetteville community meets police chief candidates in public forum Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Complete Coverage See the latest › 56° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 56° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-08 15:00:00 Updated: 2017-06-08 15:00:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 4 pm Thursday Tags: Freebies Posted 3:00 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Heu Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today until 4 pm for 4 SB points! **** This is a unique Stealth Code and is different for everyone. To get your special code, go to Swagbucks.com HERE. You will see the code in the middle of the page. Enter it at Swagbucks.com HERE in the Swag Code box at the top of the page. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 4 pm Thursday 1 Swagbucks.com website Stealth Code location Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Myrtle Beach Specials - Book Now & Save Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Local News Raleigh vet: Canine flu is a 'highly contagious' virus Local News 'No trespassing' signs don't stop bikers, walkers on RDU property National News The Latest: Alabama man executed for restaurant killings Travel North Hills opens 50-year-old time capsule Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Comey says 'Lordy, I hope there are tapes' of Trump conversations National News Video from James Comey's Senate Intelligence Committee testimony Out and About North Hills unearths time capsule Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Comey says he was fired over Russia probe, blasts 'lies' Local News 'No trespassing' signs don't stop bikers, walkers on RDU property National News The Latest: Alabama man executed for restaurant killings Pets Hillsborough teen aims to tame, adopt wild mustang @NCCapitol House OKs concealed gun bill, despite FOP opposition @NCCapitol Lawmakers disqualify Cooper's session call Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Go Ask Mom Churches get ready for Vacation Bible School SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Local News Raleigh vet: Canine flu is a 'highly contagious' virus Local News 'No trespassing' signs don't stop bikers, walkers on RDU property National News The Latest: Alabama man executed for restaurant killings Travel North Hills opens 50-year-old time capsule Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Comey says 'Lordy, I hope there are tapes' of Trump conversations National News Video from James Comey's Senate Intelligence Committee testimony Out and About North Hills unearths time capsule Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Comey says he was fired over Russia probe, blasts 'lies' Local News 'No trespassing' signs don't stop bikers, walkers on RDU property National News The Latest: Alabama man executed for restaurant killings Pets Hillsborough teen aims to tame, adopt wild mustang @NCCapitol House OKs concealed gun bill, despite FOP opposition @NCCapitol Lawmakers disqualify Cooper's session call Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Go Ask Mom Churches get ready for Vacation Bible School WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
search-icon GOD LIFE CULTURE CURRENT PODCAST MAGAZINE STORE ABOUT SUPPORT STORE ADVERTISE CONTACT GOD LIFE CULTURE CURRENT SUBSCRIBE MAGAZINE PODCAST What You Need to Know About Labor Conditions in China And how you can take a stand. BY KATIE BERGMAN CURRENT June 08, 2017 88 TWEET “We are ill-treated and work like slaves.”  “[We are treated worse than] horse cow goat pig dog. (sic)”  “We suffer torturement, beat and rude remark (sic). Nearly no payment.” These are the hand-written pleas of workers in Chinese factories, tucked away into a purse bought from Walmart, a shopping bag from Saks and a box of Halloween decorations from K-Mart. Chilling notes like these have helped propel the unjust conditions in Chinese factories into the global spotlight. Investigations by China Labor Watch and other nonprofits have further exposed the harrowing work environments: the low wages and unpaid overtime, the toxic materials and ensuing health problems, the crowded on-site dorms and verbal (and sometimes physical) abuse. And then there are the suicides. In 2010, 18 workers threw themselves from the top of Foxconn buildings, which manufacture electronic devices for Apple, Sony, Nintendo and HP. With suicide rates among factory workers gripping public attention, companies like Foxconn are starting to respond these pressures—in some cases, by installing safety nets on the outside of their buildings to prevent suicides. While this at least acknowledges a problem exists, it only addresses a symptom, not the real problem: the undignified treatment of employees. The conditions of Chinese factories clearly reveal significant labor issues—but it’s more complex than that. First of all, it’s a legal issue. Chinese legislation does limit overtime, yet the law seems to be routinely ignored. After all, if the bottom line is profit, why wouldn’t the government look the other way when its country exports over $400 billion in goods to the U.S. alone? But it’s also a poverty and migration issue. While China has made remarkable progress in development and as a global economic powerhouse, more than 70 million people still live in poverty in China. For some, working in harsh conditions is the only alternative to their family starving. Experts suspect that the motivation of some of the suicide victims was the hope that their company would offer a generous settlement to their families, providing more financial support than their hourly wages ever did. Due to poverty, many people in poor, rural areas migrate to urban centers in search of work. Some end up finding legitimate jobs. Others encounter unscrupulous brokers or employers who traffic them for labor in factories, coal mines or the sex trade. Thus, this is a human trafficking issue, too. But perhaps, above all, it’s a relational and spiritual issue. Harmful working conditions are a reflection of harmful values: the belief that some people are worth more than others and that if someone is worth less they can be justifiably treated poorly, even violently. The real problem is that to some, making a profit is more important than a human life. Doubtlessly, greater domestic advocacy is needed to strengthen labor and anti-trafficking laws, increase supply chain transparency, improve labor conditions and lobby for worker’s rights. And yet, these action steps are hampered within a national context where human rights defenders are persecuted, freedom of expression is squelched by censorship and torture and unfair trials are commonly practiced. Right now, three human rights activists in China are being detained or have gone missing while investigating austere labor conditions at shoe factory—the same one that produces shoes for Ivanka Trump’s fashion label. Given the barriers to interventions from the inside—not to mention its sprawling geographical size and burgeoning population—it’s clear that change in China will continue to take time. In the meantime, we cannot ignore the equally powerful response that comes from outside: led by us, the consumers. Fast fashion and cheap electronics may feel like a win for us, but it always comes at the expense of someone else—the underage and underpaid Chinese worker who sewed your $5 t-shirt, for example. We may not be able to live perfectly ethical lifestyles, but there are ways all of us can avoid financing exploitation. It’s not about boycotting all products with a “Made in China” label, because we have cheap goods manufactured by exploitative workplaces and through labor trafficking here in North America, too. It’s not only about being “against” something destructive, but being “for” something good. Buying from fair trade and ethical companies is one of those things, which makes a strong statement about the kind of world we want. It’s not just a trend—it’s good stewardship. Here are some other ways you can stand for good: Support a missionary or a reputable nonprofit addressing labor conditions in China. Use mobile apps like Better World Shopper and Buycott as you shop to learn which brands to support and which to avoid. Commit to purchasing ethically whenever you can. Fair trade has come a long way from jewelry and scarves—now there are ethically made iPad cases, bottle openers, body products, shoes and more. Ask your church or workplace to serve only fair-trade coffee. Participate in Freedom United’s online campaigns for fairer labor practices across the globe. Read Urban Shalom to learn more about the theology of freedom and how this compels us to work for the freedom of others, especially those who are exploited or trafficked. KATIE BERGMAN Katie Bergman the Director of Communications and Operations​ ​for the Set Free Movement and the author of When Justice Just Is​. Follow her on Twitter: @KatieLBergman. SHARE TWEET SHARE TWEET DISCUSS TRENDING lsb-trending-x 1 RELATIONSHIPS lsb-trending-share 4065 The Big Lie Everyone Believes About Having Kids 2 FILM lsb-trending-share 2926 The Spiritual Reason We’re Drawn to Disney Remakes 3 DEEPER WALK lsb-trending-share 2331 Here’s Why Lent Still Matters 4 CURRENT lsb-trending-share 2061 Why All Christians Should Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day RECOMMENDED FOR YOU CURRENT What You Need to Know About Labor Conditions in China CREATION CARE The Spiritual Toll of America’s Food Waste Epidemic CREATION CARE Exposing the Child Sex Trafficking Epidemic in Cambodia CURRENT ISSUE READ NOW SUBSCRIBE WATCH / LISTEN lsb-trending-x sfooter-listen-play THE NEW ACTIVIST / E Parker Clay sfooter-listen-play THE RED COUCH PODCAST WITH PROPAGANDA AND ALMA / E S01 Episode 04 sfooter-listen-play THE SHAUNA NIEQUIST PODCAST / E S01 Episode 05: Angela Davis GET RELEVANT IN YOUR INBOX footer-email-icon Signing up agrees to our terms and use. ADVERTISE WITH US / WRITE FOR US ABOUT US / CONTACT US / SUBSCRIBER SERVICES TERMS OF SERVICE / PRIVACY POLICY © 2017 RELEVANT Media Group. All Rights Reserved FOLLOW US GET RELEVANT IN YOUR INBOX footer-email-icon Signing up agrees to our terms and use. ADVERTISE WITH US / WRITE FOR US ABOUT US / CONTACT US / SUBSCRIBER SERVICES TERMS OF SERVICE / PRIVACY POLICY © 2017 RELEVANT Media Group. All Rights Reserved
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Sam's Club reinvents its private brand The Motley Fool Daniel B. Kline 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL No one has ever made a corruption machine like this one Verizon expects to cut 15% of AOL-Yahoo staff There was a time when house brands meant generic packaging and no-frills products. You still see that in some supermarkets where sad-looking bags of cereal with names like "Fruit Rings" or "Frosty Flakes" sit on shelves next to their name-brand counterparts. That's no longer the norm, though, as many house brands look more like high-end products and while they still deliver value, that's not the only reason they exist. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 78.93 -0.22 -0.28% Whole Foods Market Inc WFM ▲ 35.44 +0.52 +1.49% Costco Wholesale Corp COST ▼ 181.41 -0.79 -0.43% Whole Foods Market has even built an entire store concept around its 365 house brand. The items in that line are cheaper than the name-brand products the chain sells, but they are not the old, grey packaging generics grocery chains once sold. The same is true for Costco's Kirkland brand whose products mirror the quality of the name brands stocked by the chain. Now Wal-Mart's  Sam's Club has reinvigorated and reimagined its own house brand. The membership-based chain has totally redone its once varied array of private-label products, combining them all under a single name. What is Sam's Club doing? "At one point, we had 21 private labels," said Sam's Club President of Private Brands Chandra Holt in a press release. "So the first thing I set out to do was to simplify for our members. We now have one private brand -- Member's Mark." A Sam's Club public relations official further explained the consolidation in an email to The Motley Fool. "We hope this simplified approach helps our members easily recognize what our private brand is," said the statement provided by Amy Wyatt-Moore. "We want our members to know when they see the Member's Mark label, they can trust we are offering a best-in-class product that can easily compete or beat its national brand counterpart." In addition to consolidating under one name, Holt has also changed how Sam's Club positions its house brand. In order to do that, she spent "countless hours in focus groups hearing from Sam's Club members on what products they want to see the company offer." Load Error She said that the results were clear, specifically in groceries. Members wanted "premium products made with simple ingredients and they wanted to know they were getting the best bang for the buck." That sounds obvious, but it's actually a switch from the past focus of not just Sam's Club, but most house brands, where value alone was the driving force. It's about sales Having a house brand that shoppers equate with national name brands allows a chain to cut out a mouth that needs to be fed in the supply chain. Instead of having to buy the item from its manufacturer, the retailer produces the item itself or uses a third-party producer.  That lets the chain obtain the item at a lower cost, letting it sell it for less money, likely at the same or a greater margin. If the company, Sam's Club in this case, can establish its house brand as a high-quality option, then consumers will opt for it over the name brand when possible. That creates a positive cycle where shoppers switch to brands like Member's Mark and are happy because they have spent less money. That increases their loyalty to the retailer, which is especially important for a warehouse club like Sam's Club, which succeeds or fails based on membership renewals. SPONSORED: 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart Stores When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market. David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, and Wal-Mart Stores wasn't one of them. That's right, they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Motley Fool Motley Fool Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert The Motley Fool 7 of 8 People Are Clueless About This Trillion-Dollar Market The Motley Fool This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 The Motley Fool The Motley Fool View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This ASUS tablet includes keyboard, pen, + more! Dell Dual Video USB 3.0 Docking Station, $89.99 Save $200 on the Dell Inspiron 13 with Intel i7 This compact mouse is only $19.99 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Amazon is trying to attract customers who use food stamps By Maria Lamagna, Marketwatch View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 8, 2017 | 2:26pm | Updated June 8, 2017 | 2:39pm Modal Trigger Amazon employee sends a package on its way after packing it in an Amazon warehouse. AP Originally Published By: 5 tech stocks for the long run A third of American families have ‘roller coaster’ finances Amazon may have just pulled in some new customers. The retailer announced this week it will offer its Prime membership, which gives consumers access to services including free shipping and Amazon-exclusive television shows, for $5.99 a month to consumers who are on government assistance programs. Prime usually costs $10.99 a month, or $99 per year. To qualify, customers must have a valid Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) card, which looks like a debit card. It is the card those receiving SNAP funds or cash benefits use. Retail experts have said it seems to be an effort for Amazon to compete with Walmart which already has a large percentage of consumers on government assistance among its clientele. Walmart had some $13 billion in sales in 2016 from shoppers who use the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), accounting for 18 percent of the money spent on that program, according to The Wall Street Journal. Amazon will add more ways to qualify for those who participate in government programs that do not require EBT cards, a company spokeswoman said. Amazon offers a 30-day free trial period. It’s a move somewhat similar to offering senior citizens discounts, said George Barany, the director of strategic initiatives for America Saves, a division of the Consumer Federation of America, an association of nonprofit consumer organizations based in Washington, DC. This isn’t the first time Amazon has gone after customers who have lower incomes: In April, it announced a program called Amazon Cash that allows customers to add money to their Amazon account if they don’t have a debit or credit card. Some 7 percent of households in the US do not use banking accounts at insured institutions, and this program would allow them to still shop online through Amazon. Several cellphone carriers, including Verizon and AT&T, offer discounted service for people with low incomes through a government-assistance program called Lifeline. And individual cultural institutions, such as the Carnegie Science Center in Pittsburgh and the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston, sometimes offer discounts to those on government assistance as well. Lower-income households are a lucrative target market. The spending habits of people with low incomes are complicated and sometimes misunderstood. For one thing, it is hard for many low-income households to predict what their incomes will be from month to month, or even day to day, said Clinton Key, the research officer for savings and financial security at Pew Charitable Trusts, a nonprofit based in Philadelphia. As a result, many families have developed sophisticated systems for budgeting and making sure they know where every dollar goes, he said. And that’s good news for Amazon, big-box stores and cell phone companies that charge regular monthly fees. For people with steady, reliable and sizable housing, buying in bulk can alleviate some of those worries, Key said. For those who can’t rely on transportation, online ordering helps. But signing on for subscription services, which require a monthly payment, can also be difficult for families that budget carefully, Key said. One example: Many buy cellphone plans with prepaid minutes instead of a recurring monthly charge because of this, he said. And “one-click ordering” on Amazon isn’t necessarily smart for someone who needs to count every dollar. In fact, discounting the Prime membership has a “negligible” benefit for these consumers, he added. Retailers also know that lower-income customers like to splurge too, especially when it comes to special occasions. For example, families with lower incomes actually spend more on high school proms than those with higher incomes, according to Visa V. In 2015, families with household incomes below $50,000 planned to spend $1,109 on prom, and families making under $25,000 planned to spend $1,393. In contrast, families who made over $50,000 spent an average of $799. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under amazon ,  food stamps ,  income ,  retailers ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next NASA picks 12 astronauts from pool of 18,300 applicants Read Next NASA picks 12 astronauts from pool of 18,300 applicants Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 30,306 80-year-old cougar found dead days after boyfriend arrested for assault 23,996 Angry investors feed live donkey to tigers at Chinese zoo 22,378 Accused NSA leaker wanted to 'burn the White House down' Now On Jury hears Cosby’s description of ‘petting and touching’ his accuser New York ‘Hip-Hop Cops’ target 2 Chainz Mavis Staples wanted Chance the Rapper on her album SEE ALL Video 1:05 Rapper sucker-punched during live performance Now On Heroin Usage Leads To Actor's Firing From Amazon Show SEE ALL More Stories page six Khloé Kardashian eats celery as a meal Now On Decider ‘Gypsy’ Trailer: Naomi Watts Struggles With Her Sexual Impulses in Netflix’s Psychological Thriller nypost 80-year-old cougar found dead days after boyfriend arrested for assault New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Resources Events Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Walmart adds immediate credit access to Walmart Pay Hope for banks as Justice Department punts on swipe fee case Amex begins a deeper dive into corporate travel data Amex outduels Citi for exclusive rights to Hilton credit cards Why a gold-plated credit card may not be as outrageous as it sounds search goes here Walmart adds immediate credit access to Walmart Pay By Kate Fitzgerald Published June 08 2017, 1:28pm EDT More in Walmart Pay Credit cards Print Email Reprints Share Share on Credit card usage began expanding with the economy, and Walmart wants to ride that wave with several enhancements to its own credit cards, including near-instant access to newly issued credit accounts within its mobile payments app. Customers approved for Walmart’s store-brand credit card or its Walmart Mastercard may now immediately use those accounts to pay via a virtual card within the Walmart Pay app, Walmart said in a Wednesday blog post. Subscribe Now Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Learn More 14-Day Free Trial Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the industry Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Here's Why Wal-Mart's Stock Will Break $90 Matt Hogan , Benzinga Contributor     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 08, 2017 11:17am   Comments Share: This article originally appeared on Finbox.io.  Wal-Mart’s History: Then and Now In 1970, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) offered 300,000 shares to the public at the price of $16.50 per shares; it started trading on NYSE in 1972. At the time, the “always low price” retailer earned a modest $78 million of revenue from its 51 stores. Today it boasts over 11,500 locations and does almost $500 billion in sales annually with a customer base of over 260 million people. Now the company’s market capitalization is well over $200 billion and it is fair to say that an investment in the company’s share has not only outstripped both inflation and the stock market but has been a mega multi-bagger. The company has been a darling for investors as it has paid and increased its dividend every year since 1974. However, the company is facing new challenges brought on by e-commerce in general and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) in particular. It recently bought Jet.com for $3.3 billion to augment its online strategy and it is important to assess the company under a new light to understand its prospects. Wal-Mart's Recent Headwinds Wal-Mart’s diluted EPS for the year 2016 was $4.57 and for 2017 was $4.38. Looking forward, the company is not expected to reach its 2016 level until fiscal year 2020. The Company’s EPS has taken a beating in the last few years due to stiff competition in the retailing market. As more and more consumers move to the comfort of online shopping, Wal-Mart has been forced to spend heavily on technology and online development to compete with other major market retailers like Amazon. The purchase of Jet.com, a startup with little revenue for nearly $3.3 billion is a sign of the quandary the company has found itself in. The discount retailer has also invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers in hoping to bring down its turnover rate. However, this helps explain why Wal-Mart’s valuation multiples are generally trading at a discount to Dollar Tree, Inc., (NASDAQ: DLTR), Costco Wholsales Corporation (NASDAQ: COST) and the average of the consumer staples sector. Wal-Mart’s low price to earnings (17.8x) and Enterprise Value to EBITDA (8.6x) multiples can be attributed to the stiff competition it is facing from online retailers and dipping profit margins. However, investments made to stimulate its online sales are just beginning to show positive results (online sales grew by 63% in the first fiscal quarter of 2017). Investors should expect these multiples to expand as this new growth engine starts to take up a larger slice of the pie and becomes priced into the market. It is important to note that Wal-Mart’s margins and returns are still very impressive when compared to its peers and the sector average as illustrated below. These numbers are even more noteworthy and commendable as the retail sector, in general, is going through a transition phase. Management has proven it can deliver positive returns while the discount retailer transforms itself. This is a positive sign in a sector where many investors are playing the wait and watch game. With strong fundamentals in place and consistent margins, investors can hold their position in the company and expect consistent returns. New Highs Within Reach In January 2015, Wal-Mart’s share price soared to a high of around $90 but has never been able to cross the $80 mark ever since. However, over the last year shareholders have seen the stock price jump from a low of $65 in December to trade in the $75-79 range. This impressive run has been on the back of being able to grow traffic in US stores in addition to strong growth in online sales as recently posted by the company. If these strong growth numbers can continue, Wal-Mart’s stock looks highly attractive on a future cash flow basis as illustrated below. Applying Wall Street projections to the four separate discounted cash flow (DCF) analyses included in finbox.io’s intrinsic value estimate provides a fair value range of approximately $93 to $100 per share. The stock’s previous $90 high witnessed in January 2015 appears to be well within reach. Earn Dividends While Waiting In addition to the Wal-Mart’s stock price appreciation potential, the company’s dividends offer further upside and currently yields 2.6%. In 2017, Wal-Mart declared a dividend of $2.00, which was an increase of 2.0% from last year. Wall Street expects a dividend of $2.07 in fiscal year 2018 which would represent an increase of 3.5%. Wal-Mart’s dividend policy provides a major downside anchor to its share price and is another reason for why it’s an attractive long-term stock. Wall Mart Is Suited To Outperform Wal-Mart is a proven stock with a consistent track record and is currently trading at a discount. The retailer has strong fundamentals and has been able to grow its dividend every year since 1974. Furthermore, the company has a fairly clear growth and diversification road map in place. This is why right now is the time to either buy the stock or to hold your position. Expect shares to outperform the market in the long term. Posted-In: finboxNews Guidance Economics Markets © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + COST) Department Store Sector Heats Up As Nordstrom Considers Go-Private Deal Facebook Reportedly Mulling to Shift WhatsApp from IBM Cloud The Market In 5 Minutes Movement to Defend FCC Net Neutrality Rules Gains Momentum Netflix Vs. Amazon Prime: The Battle For Apple TV Screen Time Wayfair Falls As IKEA Announces E-Commerce Expansion To Retail View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 AAPL, AMD: AMD's Ryzen Chips Facing Some Problems 2 WINS: Wins Finance Up 100%: Is This A Normal Move? 3 MUX, NAV: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 CHK, VALE: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Chesapeake Energy,... 5 MOSY, VRX: 22 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-M... 6 AAPL, AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Continues... 7 INTC: Intel's Coffee Lake Pla... 1 INO: FDA Removes Clinical Hold On Inovio Pharma's VGX-3100, Its First Drug To... 2 INDL, INFY: The World's Hottest Emerging Market Presents A Leveraged Oppor... 3 P, SIRI: The Connection Between Pandora, Sirius XM And KKR Explained 4 NLNK, ELP: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Mostly Flat; J M... 5 AMZN, JCP: Department Store Sector Heats Up As Nordst... 6 INTC, AAPL: Advanced Micro Devices Dispels S... 7 Fun Thursday Ahead, As Comey Tes... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Best Buy Has Proven It Can Weather The Amazon Onslaught The Bull Case For Nvidia: $300 Per Share?
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Analyst: Across the board adoption of Amazon Prime not imminent June 8, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson Approximately 80% of low-income households will not opt for Amazon's new discounted Prime program.    That's according to a broadlines and hardlines retail report by Gordon Haskett Research Advisors analyst Chuck Grom, which looks at Amazon, Walmart, Dollar General and Dollar Tree as Amazon announced discounted Prime membership for those on federal assistance. Here are excerpts from Grom's report:    With news out that Amazon will be offering a 45% membership discount for those on federal assistance interested in Prime ($5.99/month vs. $10.99/month currently), shares of Walmart, the dollar stores (Dollar General, Dollar Tree), and other retailers (largely auto part retailers) that cater to the low-end consumer have been under duress. In order to evaluate the potential success of the new initiative, we conducted a 500 person survey (over the past 24 hours) focusing on the low-end consumer (less than $40,000 household income) around current Prime penetration and willingness to join at both the old and the new discounted rate (key takes herein).   Two points: First, 26% of those surveyed were already Prime members (lower than our national avg. estimate of two-thirds). Second and more importantly, roughly 80% of consumers not willing to pay the current $10.99 monthly fee would still not pay the lowered $5.99 rate. This is much higher than we would have expected, and suggests across the board adoption is certainly not imminent.   Said differently, while the Prime news certainly falls into the “risk bucket” for the low-end retailers, we see the concerns (and recent negative stock reactions) as a bit overblown and view the pullbacks in Dollar General and Dollar Tree, in particular, as an opportunity on the long side.    For additional thoughts/survey results, click here.  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented BJ's adds former Belk and Dick's Sporting Goods execs to its leadership team Five in-store amenities helping to drive traffic and engagement And the Store of the Year is... Walmart leverages ‘employees’ for last-mile delivery initiative Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Whole Foods Market disappoints Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Shipt June 08, 2017 07:00 ET Shipt Launching Grocery Delivery in Oklahoma City Member-based grocery delivery now available in twelve states across US, adds new retailer to delivery lineup OKLAHOMA CITY, OK--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - Shipt, the fastest growing online grocery marketplace, today announced that it will begin delivering fresh groceries to Oklahoma City residents beginning on June 15, 2017. The service will begin with deliveries from local Walmart stores, with additional retailers added at a later date. At launch, more than 400,000 households in the Oklahoma City metro area will have access to grocery delivery from Shipt. Founded in 2014, Shipt is committed to simplifying the lives of its members by offering a new, convenient grocery shopping experience. Delivering grocery stores' full selection of items, Shipt's marketplace lists products by aisle, and features categories such as healthy ingredients, seasonal selections, and inspiration for quick, easy meals. "Oklahoma will be the twelfth state in which we have launched Shipt and with this launch in Oklahoma City, we are one step closer to bringing the convenience of online grocery shopping to cities across the nation," said Bill Smith, founder and CEO of Shipt. "Each city and state where Shipt is available is unique, but one thing remains the same -- our members can always expect a great shopping experience so instead of worrying about getting the groceries, they can spend that time on the things that matter most to each of them." As a special offer to Oklahoma City area residents, Shipt annual grocery memberships purchased prior to the June 15th launch will cost $49. After launch day, memberships will return to the normal rate of $99 per year. Through the Shipt app, members can shop the full selection of groceries offered at local Walmart stores, note any preferences, choose a one-hour delivery window, and pay for their order. Shipt connects members with a community of shoppers who hand pick their items and deliver them as soon as one hour after the order is placed, or up to 24 hours in advance. Shipt members have access to unlimited free delivery for orders over $35. To sign up for Shipt, learn more about the service and availability, or redeem the new member special offer, visit Shipt.com/okc. Shipt displays a commitment to each of the communities it serves and plans to work closely with local charities to help eliminate hunger and food insecurity in and around Oklahoma City. To kick off the launch and celebrate the hard work of some of Oklahoma City's most dedicated charities, Shipt will donate $10 for each membership sold prior to July 14 (up to $50,000) to the member's choice of the following organizations: Meals on Wheels of Oklahoma City or the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma. Leading up to the launch, Shipt plans to grow their network of shoppers, who are responsible for ensuring complete, accurate fulfillments of each order. To apply to be a Shipt Shopper, visit Shipt.com and click "Get Paid to Shop." About Shipt Shipt, the nation's fastest growing online grocery marketplace, partners with leading retailers to deliver groceries via a community of shoppers and a convenient app. Since its founding in 2014, Shipt has been rapidly expanding and now offers quality, personalized grocery delivery to over 25 million households in 49 markets across the country. Shipt offers unlimited grocery deliveries to members for $99 per year. The company currently has offices in Birmingham, AL, and San Francisco, CA. For more information, visit Shipt.com. Shipt sources groceries from local Walmart stores, however, the company is not endorsed by or affiliated with Walmart. Contact Information MEDIA CONTACT: Email Contact (415) 625-8555 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Shipt From this industry Food and Beverage Lifestyle and Leisure Retail From this sub-industry Retailers Family Consumer Interest Supermarkets See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Shipt June 08, 2017 07:00 ET Shipt Launching Grocery Delivery in Oklahoma City Member-based grocery delivery now available in twelve states across US, adds new retailer to delivery lineup OKLAHOMA CITY, OK--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - Shipt, the fastest growing online grocery marketplace, today announced that it will begin delivering fresh groceries to Oklahoma City residents beginning on June 15, 2017. The service will begin with deliveries from local Walmart stores, with additional retailers added at a later date. At launch, more than 400,000 households in the Oklahoma City metro area will have access to grocery delivery from Shipt. Founded in 2014, Shipt is committed to simplifying the lives of its members by offering a new, convenient grocery shopping experience. Delivering grocery stores' full selection of items, Shipt's marketplace lists products by aisle, and features categories such as healthy ingredients, seasonal selections, and inspiration for quick, easy meals. "Oklahoma will be the twelfth state in which we have launched Shipt and with this launch in Oklahoma City, we are one step closer to bringing the convenience of online grocery shopping to cities across the nation," said Bill Smith, founder and CEO of Shipt. "Each city and state where Shipt is available is unique, but one thing remains the same -- our members can always expect a great shopping experience so instead of worrying about getting the groceries, they can spend that time on the things that matter most to each of them." As a special offer to Oklahoma City area residents, Shipt annual grocery memberships purchased prior to the June 15th launch will cost $49. After launch day, memberships will return to the normal rate of $99 per year. Through the Shipt app, members can shop the full selection of groceries offered at local Walmart stores, note any preferences, choose a one-hour delivery window, and pay for their order. Shipt connects members with a community of shoppers who hand pick their items and deliver them as soon as one hour after the order is placed, or up to 24 hours in advance. Shipt members have access to unlimited free delivery for orders over $35. To sign up for Shipt, learn more about the service and availability, or redeem the new member special offer, visit Shipt.com/okc. Shipt displays a commitment to each of the communities it serves and plans to work closely with local charities to help eliminate hunger and food insecurity in and around Oklahoma City. To kick off the launch and celebrate the hard work of some of Oklahoma City's most dedicated charities, Shipt will donate $10 for each membership sold prior to July 14 (up to $50,000) to the member's choice of the following organizations: Meals on Wheels of Oklahoma City or the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma. Leading up to the launch, Shipt plans to grow their network of shoppers, who are responsible for ensuring complete, accurate fulfillments of each order. To apply to be a Shipt Shopper, visit Shipt.com and click "Get Paid to Shop." About Shipt Shipt, the nation's fastest growing online grocery marketplace, partners with leading retailers to deliver groceries via a community of shoppers and a convenient app. Since its founding in 2014, Shipt has been rapidly expanding and now offers quality, personalized grocery delivery to over 25 million households in 49 markets across the country. Shipt offers unlimited grocery deliveries to members for $99 per year. The company currently has offices in Birmingham, AL, and San Francisco, CA. For more information, visit Shipt.com. Shipt sources groceries from local Walmart stores, however, the company is not endorsed by or affiliated with Walmart. Contact Information MEDIA CONTACT: Email Contact (415) 625-8555 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Shipt From this industry Food and Beverage Lifestyle and Leisure Retail From this sub-industry Retailers Family Consumer Interest Supermarkets See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
null
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah YMCA, Walmart aim to combat child hunger with Summer Food Program Deseret News Published: June 7, 2017 11:30 p.m. Updated: yesterday 1 Comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Adobe Stock photo The YMCA of Northern Utah and Walmart Foundation are joining forces to combat child hunger this summer. SALT LAKE CITY — The YMCA of Northern Utah and Walmart Foundation are joining forces to combat child hunger this summer. The Y Summer Food Program, with the help of a $7.1 million grant from the foundation, will serve 5 million meals and snacks along with learning activities to 250,000 kids and teens at 1,500 locations across the country. The program runs through Aug. 18. Last summer, the YMCA of Northern Utah served more than 28,000 meals and 19,000 snacks in Utah communities. According to the U.S Department of Agriculture, more than 22 million children and teens live with food insecurity and receive free or reduced-cost meals through the National School Lunch Program. However, only 12 percent of those kids continue to receive meals through the USDA’s Summer Food Service Program. 1 comment on this story “Children within our own community rely on free and low-cost lunch plans during the school year, and they’re at risk of going hungry when school’s not in session,” Rich West, CEO of YMCA of Northern Utah, said in a statement. “The Y’s Summer Food Program helps fill that gap to make sure kids can enjoy healthy and delicious meals and snacks all summer long.” Funding is used to provide healthy meals and snacks for the Y’s Summer Day Camp in Salt Lake, Weber, Summit and Wasatch counties, as well the YMCA Camp Roger and YMCA Mill Hollow overnight camps. To learn more about the program, email Joe Norwood at jnorwood@ymcautah.org or visit ymca.net/summerfood. Like that? Read this. Utah 7 hours ago Community gathers in interfaith effort to heal after shooting Utah 15 hours ago Democratic Party chairman candidate Rob Miller drops out of race Sponsored by JEA Senior Living 9 differences between Alzheimer's and normal aging Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 Get to know the 3rd Congressional District candidates 2 Tens of thousands celebrate diversity at Utah Pride Parade downtown 3 Fire causes up to $300,000 in damage to Highland school 4 Motorcycle crash marks 7th major accident in a week on Utah roads 5 After lifetime of helping others, homeless services director to retire View all for Utah most Commented 48 Former Vice President Biden to headline Romney summit 37 Tens of thousands celebrate diversity at Utah Pride Parade downtown 37 Mormon missionaries being surveyed online regarding personal safety, risks 33 The trouble with Gary Ott 32 Gunman made threats in Instagram post against woman he killed 28 Utah members of Congress say nothing new in Comey testimony 20 The era of sales-tax-free online shopping is nearly over in Utah. Here's how it ended 19 Man who rushed toward murder-suicide scene describes encounter with killer Friday, June, 9, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 09, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / LETTERS This article was published June 7, 2017 at 3:05 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Should pay taxes too I find it appalling that the Clinton National Airport does not pay taxes for its property and the services provided it. The levee fees should not be borne by all the homeowners in the district. History has shown that incomes have allowed all the expansions and comforts within the terminal. Raises given to the director seem in excess too. There are businessmen on the board who condone all this—shame on them. There should be a responsibility to maintain all the property, including the levees. Lack of payments due are a direct reflection on each board member. To claim exemption from fees and not pay delinquent amounts is abhorrent. It is time for an outside audit and all funds due paid in full within 30 days after audit completion. A report to the public is due. ANITA C. GATZKE Little Rock Wrong side of history After reading that the Arkansas governor and congressional delegation approved the U.S. exit from the Paris climate accord, I was saddened. President Trump’s decision to abandon the world community isolates America. Their statements abound with hyperbole that the Paris agreement will harm the economy and cost jobs. Ignored was advice to remain from the world’s largest retailer—Wal-Mart—as well as many other corporations which do business in Arkansas that it is beneficial to curb carbon pollution. We can end dependency on fossil fuels, create jobs and grow the economy with Carbon Fee and Dividend (CF&D). As the price of fossil fuels (the carbon pollution emitters) increases with the annually rising fee, polluters quickly find cleaner and more efficient ways to produce energy. This leads to more investment into clean, renewable energy. The money is given back to consumers and employers. The returned fee will assist lowincome families with energy costs. Businesses will have incentive to create more jobs as their dividend is hinged to the number of permanent employees. A recent Yale University poll reported almost half of Trump voters and two-thirds of moderate Republicans support a carbon tax. Gentlemen, please to read “The Conservative Case for Carbon Dividends.” This study is the work of leading Republicans: James Baker III, George Schultz (both served as secretary of State and Treasury) and Rob Walton, Wal-Mart chairman, 1992-2010. Even with the U.S. beginning the process of leaving the Paris Accord, companies, cities and states are moving ahead with carbon pollution reduction policies and an investment in a clean future. Please let’s don’t let Arkansas once again be on the wrong side of history! An overwhelming majority know that curbing carbon pollution is good business. ROBERT McAFEE Hackett High costs of college One of the suggestions for the high cost of college is free tuition. I think this will drive up the costs even faster. Free money seems to have that effect. Why not stop any payments from the federal government to colleges that increase tuition costs faster than the cost of living increases? The states could decide how much additional money would go to colleges. This would make colleges responsible for holding down costs. GREG MARTIN Hope On women in combat I once again grimace at the turnaround of your editorial page. What was once a page which was populated by writers who were seasoned by the world, it seems we now have a new tribe who wish to see it framed as what they wish it to be. I read with askance the “Welcome to the jungle” contribution which could no more typify this flight from reality. It called to mind the warning from Heinlein, “All societies are based on rules to protect pregnant women and young children. All else is surplusage, excrescence, adornment, luxury, or folly, which can—and must—be dumped in emergency to preserve this prime function. As racial survival is the only universal morality, no other basic is possible. Attempts to formulate a ‘perfect society’ on any foundation other than ‘Women and children first!’ is not only witless, it is automatically genocidal. Nevertheless, starry-eyed idealists (all of them male) have tried endlessly—and no doubt will keep on trying.” Our current military leaders are earnestly trying to follow orders by obeying this genocidal policy. Further, I have yet to read of any of our current male troops being captured and raped—which the newly integrated policy seems to invite. We were assured that the new military policy of gender neutrality would have no effect on the effectiveness of our troops while we witness the repeated instances of complaints and problems of discipline in implementing this specious, politically correct policy. We do so at our peril. WAYNE G. ELLIOTT El Dorado Will regret it in time I agree totally with Gary Brodnax’s letter. I believe Tom Cotton, John Boozman, and others in Congress who support President Trump in his many ignorant moves will in time regret it. Mr. Brodnax’s comparison of Trump with Chamberlain of pre-World War II days is right on the mark. Most voters under 40 know little of that. History is not their favorite subject, and the knowledge of it is very lacking. I believe Trump is a disgrace as president, with his lies, his fraud, his commercial approach to the office, his crude and questionable overt behavior toward women, handicapped, and all minorities. How did we ever get this man elected? The answer is money. Promises of jobs for those in dirty industries which will never materialize. When will his supporters get wise to likely the greatest electoral scam in our history? JOHN “DOC” CRAWFORD Print Headline: LETTERS Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Opinion and Letters* Justice vs. justices Wheels in motion Others say: Terror and tweets The ultimate morality tale LETTERS JOHN BRUMMETT: Cotton and Medicaid MIKE MASTERSON: Freedom of Information PHILIP MARTIN: The bad people might get you Forget Paris III More Opinion and Letters* stories > Comments on: LETTERS To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented ALL UPDATES: Comey testifies about president; Trump's attorney responds (47 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: The big game begins (22 comments) Arkansas man gets 15 years in death of woman who was set on fire (12 comments) Spy chief said to get request to sway FBI (41 comments) U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton questions Comey on Trump, Russia (5 comments) 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (57 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Start Ups FX Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX News Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism ASEAN World War 3 China EU Real Estate Lifestyle Luxury Dining Spa Hollywood Art Shopping Travel Dubai Thailand Hong Kong Italy Vietnam Palm Beach Tahiti USA Abu Dhabi Roatan Indonesia Japan Australia Singapore Health Horse Racing Dubai World Cup Kentucky Derby Royal Ascot USA Australia Hong Kong Japan UK Singapore Horse Sales News Breeding UK Horse Racing France Breeders Cup Godolphin Coolmore Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Free Trial IR Hot Start Ups Managed FX Real Estate Feature Companies Services Consulting EB5 CrowdFunding Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Calendar Live Charts Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council By Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council $WMT, $JPM, $IBM, $GE, $BA, $BX Major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), JP Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) and IBM Corp (NYSE:IBM) have said their CEO’s will remain in an influential Presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with The Trump Administration, American business leaders said they will remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Last Thursday, President Trump said he would pull the United States from the Y 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from some world leaders and some heads of industry. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) CEO Robert Iger left White House advisory councils after President Trump’s deceleration Asked about CEO’s’ criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Mr. Spicer added he does not know if President Trump will replace Messrs Musk and Iger on the business council. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Jamie Dimon CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized President Trump’s decision, but said he would not step down from the President’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Mr. Dimon said in a statement. General Electric Co (NYSE:GE) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on President Trump’s manufacturing council, said he was disappointed in the decision and added: “Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Mr. Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on President Trump’s manufacturing council, called the withdrawal “a failure of American leadership.” A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve “as a voice for working people.” Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) CEO Dennis Muilenburg will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In a TV interview last Friday, Mr. Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. “If we can grow our economy, we’re going to consume more and more products,” he said. “We’re going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” President Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (NYSE:BX). Blackrock Inc CEO Larry Fink said he will continue to serve on President Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (NYSE:GM) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra will remain on the Presidential advisory panel. Stay tuned…   accord, BA, business, BX, council, GE, IBM, JPM, Paris, president, Trump, WMT Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council added by Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) GCC Rift Could Escalate into a ‘Military Standoff’ – Sultan Al Qassemi - June 9, 2017 Robots to Serve and Entertain - June 9, 2017 Americans Believe the Elite Media is on a “Witch Hunt” to Impeach President Trump - June 9, 2017 Related posts: President Trump Ended Mr. Hussein Obama’s ‘War on America Business’ Monday, President Donald Trump Vowed to Cut Regulations & Taxes The US “War on Business” is Over in The Age of Trumpism “American Spirit” Ignited, US Business & Consumer Confidence Running High Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.     Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Beach Bum Kit Calendar Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Fast Jets USA Feature Companies HEFFX Knightsbridge Law Miami Bikini Shop Race Horse Syndication Free Trial Hot Start Ups IR Knightsbridge Agriculture Live Charts Managed FX One Ohana Real Estate 11 11 Hotels – Thailand Heart of Europe-Dubai Services Asia Business Asset Management Consulting CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Notice JavaScript is currently off. Turn it on in browser settings to view this mobile website. Home Latest News Latest Alerts Sections Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside Start-Up Israel The Blogs The Daily Edition This is not a valid Email. Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. Partners Jewish News Jewish Standard Jewish Week Atlanta Jewish Times Become a Times Of Israel partner Languages English FRANÇAIS 中文 العربية فارسی Home Latest News Latest Alerts Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel The Daily Edition Older Israel & The Region Newer Amazon selling ‘Free Palestine’ clothes, after Sears and Walmart stop US online giant continues to offer shirts, hats with pro-Palestinian messages, including ‘Free Palestine’ shirt showing map including all of Israel By Times of Israel staff and JTA June 8, 2017, 5:15 am 0 Tweet Free Palestine shirt with map covering all of Israel, for sale via Amazon, June 8, 2017 (Amazon screenshot) Online sales giant Amazon continues to sell shirts and other clothing items calling to “Free Palestine,” after Sears and Walmart removed similar items from their websites. The items are offered by Amazon via various third parties, and include shirts, hats and pins, some bearing Palestinian flags and many featuring a fist symbolizing resistance. One shirt demanding “Free Palestine” features a drawing the covers the entire area between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River, thus including all of Israel. Sears said Wednesday it had removed a line of clothing featuring the slogan from its website. The clothing was offered for sale by another company, Spreadshirt Collection, and included tank tops, T-shirts and hoodies featuring a variety of pro-Palestinian messages. Amazon website sells many items with “Free Palestine” logo, June 7, 2017. (Screen capture: Amazon.com) The clothing was offered for sale through Sears Marketplace, which provides a platform for third-party sellers to market their wares through websites managed by Sears. The designs included a clenched fist in the colors of the Palestinian flag and statements opposing the Israeli occupation. Ynet news reported that Walmart was also selling the shirts and featured a screen capture of them for sale, but by later Wednesday they were no longer available. According to a statement from a Sears spokesman, the apparel was pulled from the site based on feedback the company received. “These items were being sold by a third-party seller via the Sears Marketplace,” said the statement, which was sent to JTA Tuesday afternoon. “Given the feedback we’ve received, they are being removed.” The statement added that Sears felt it had been “unfairly singled out on this issue,” as similar items were available for purchase from other companies, such as Amazon and Walmart. Amazon website sells many items with “Free Palestine” logo, June 7, 2017. (Screen capture: Amazon.com) The Sears statement noted that the company serves “a broad base of customers around the country and around the world,” and that it has 200 employees in Israel. Amazon has also been under fire recently for selling Holocaust-denying books on its website. The books included “Did Six Million Really Die?” by Richard Harwood; “The Six Million: Fact or Fiction?” and “The Myth of the Extermination of the Jews.” After receiving complaints the company initially removed the texts only from its websites in nations where Holocaust denial is illegal, including Italy, France and Germany. The books remained available for some time on Amazon’s US and UK stores, though they appear to no longer be available. Tweet Read more on: Sears, anti-Israel sentiment, Cityshirts, Spreadshirt Comments on this article Main Headlines Hung parliament confirmed in UK as pressure mounts on May to quit Corbyn’s Labour wins the seat of Southampton Test, guaranteeing that no party will reach the 326 seats necessary for an overall majority in the 650-seat Parliament By Agencies and Times of Israel staff Theresa May: The steady leader who gambled and lost As election results emerge, Corbyn urges May to quit over losses A ‘hung parliament’ in Britain? What happens next Pound falls sharply after exit poll signals blow to May Who’s who, what’s at stake in Britain’s unexpected election In ‘unheard of’ trend, smoking makes comeback in Israel Some are blaming government as more Israelis take to cigarettes, one of the leading causes of death in the Jewish state By Andrew Tobin More Main Headlines Back to Top Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Developed by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 James Comey Cow Slaughter Exam results 2017 News Business News Lack of process can cause more damage Arun Krishnan Shares0 Arun Krishnan | Thu, 8 Jun 2017-07:35am , DNA Organisations often face challenges, especially as they scale and become big, of becoming personality oriented Two recent news reports were the genesis for this week’s article. The first was an interview I read with the chariman of Welspun Group, Balkrishan Goenka. In the interview, Goenka talks about the aftermath of an issue that impinged on the credibility of the Group. In August last year, Walmart charged the Group as having mislabelled 7,50,000 sheets and pillow cases sold under the Fieldcrest label as premium Egyptian cotton products. In addition, Walmart terminated all business ties with Welspun and offered refunds to their customers. Goenka describes how Welspun coped with the fallout of this incident on their company’s brand and image as well as the fact that owning up to their mistake enabled them to recover their credibility fast. What struck me though was Goenka spoke about how it was not the fault of any one individual but a more systemic issue. He also mentioned the incident forced them to adopt a more process-oriented approach at Welspun to ensure such issues never cropped up again. Next, the storm brewing in India cricket with allegations that the coach Anil Kumble and the captain Virat Kohli did not see eye to eye with each other, also caught my eye. This was followed by the resignation of Ramachandra Guha, a member of the Committee of Administrators (CoA) appointed by the Supreme Court to oversee BCCI running, alleging massive conflicts of interest within the BCCI. He cited the case of ex-cricketers who were both commentators as well as managing some of India’s cricketers through their sports management companies. He also mentioned that the challenge with the BCCI was the personality-driven nature of all appointments with the captain for example having an inordinate say in the coach being appointed for the team. What these two incidents brought home to me was the fact that organisations often face challenges, especially as they scale and become big, of becoming personality oriented. Personalities have an inordinate say in the running of the organisation. While this might work during good times, it can also quickly lead to a breakdown of communication and lack of accountability when crisis hits an organiation. As Goenka and his team realised, making an organisation process-oriented can help to ensure that there are enough check-points built into the system to pre-empt any catasrophic failures. While there are legitimate concerns that organisations in a growth phase can be stifled by too many processes, on the whole, a lack of process-orientedness can cause more damage than the other way round. Paraphrasing a popular quote by Peter Drucker on culture and strategy, process-orientedness eats individuality for breakfast! The writer is founder and CEO of HR analytics start-up, nFactorial Analytical Sciences Arun Krishnan Info The writer is founder and CEO of HR analytics start-up, nFactorial Analytical Sciences TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Analysis DNA Edit: RBI has opted for a status quo over growth Personal Finance Get the right home cover this monsoon Personal Finance Check MF's track record in bull market Business Dessert as main course, anyone? Business DNA Money Edit: GST-sparked gold rush may continue in long run Business Pepsico starts making Doritos in India to spice up snacks biz Live Cricket Score New Zealand vs Bangladesh Fri, 9 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related DNA Money Edit: GST-sparked gold rush may continue in long run Pepsico starts making Doritos in India to spice up snacks biz Petro dealers up in arms against daily pricing Zee Business What happens with Brexit if there's no clear winner of UK election? RBI's new rules may make India Inc shun masala bonds GST to boost gold industry, demand to touch 950 tonne by 2020, World Gold Council says RBI says 83% currency remonetised but does it really matter? Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags India Business Report Walmart Welspun Group Anil Kumble Virat Kohli organisations Arun Krishnan Balkrishan Goenka Ramachandra Guha Committee of Administrators (COA) BCCI Peter Drucker SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Women activists demand action in Unnao gang rape matter Czech PM: Britain should form govt quickly to start Brexit talks Indo-Pak tensions a challenge for SCO: Chinese daily Mob lynches 'drug peddler' at Talwandi Sabo in Punjab PM Modi meets Uzbekistan President, discusses expansion of ties Sports Tennis-Fitness key to Murray revival, says coach Lendl Rugby-Standing up to Crusaders pack vital ahead of tests - Rowntree Door for basketball in India is open, says NBA star Vince Carter Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 9 Swimming-Australia's Fraser-Holmes to fight 'whereabouts' ban Entertainment Scoop: Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone to be neighbours soon? Sonam Kapoor's boyfriend Anand Ahuja plans the perfect birthday surprise for her! Jab Harry Met Sejal and Toilet CLASH averted: Why it's a master stroke from Shah Rukh Khan! Jab Harry Met Sejal posters OUT: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma celebrate life and love! CBFC chief wants Akshay's 'Toilet: Ek Prem Katha' to be tax-free Business Centrica sells Canadian gas assets for 240 mln stg Salon services app Yes Madam begins operations in Noida Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election Guiddoo raises USD 300,000 in pre-series A funding Refined soya oil futures down 0.56% on subdued demand Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Hillcrest community blog Man says girlfriend's daughter attacked him with a knife: Mayfield Heights Police Blotter Updated on June 7, 2017 at 8:50 PM Posted on June 7, 2017 at 8:49 PM By Andy Attina / cleveland.com MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio Disturbance, West Miner Road: A man reported at 11:21 p.m. May 29 his girlfriend's daughter had grabbed a knife from the kitchen and threatened to kill him after they got into an argument and she threw a bowl at him. He said he had locked himself in a room and he believed she was currently in the garage disposing of drug items because she knew he called police. Officers located the girl, 17, who was subsequently taken to the hospital for a psychiatric evaluation. They removed several drug paraphernalia items from the garage. The incident was referred to the officer in the juvenile diversion program and to the drug enforcement unit for possible charges. Fraud, Hidden Woods Trail: Police from Parkersburg, West Virginia reported May 25 two men were stopped in a vehicle on their way to Ohio and they were in possession of multiple Ohio drivers' licenses. One of the licenses belonged to a Mayfield Heights resident. Officers notified the man, who had no idea how the suspects got his information. Grand theft, Mayfield Road: A vehicle, valued at $34,000, was reported stolen from Nick Mayer Ford May 25. An employee said the last time it was accounted for was in March, but he waited to report it while they made sure it wasn't accidentally sent or sold to another dealership. One of the two sets of keys was also missing. Theft, Mayfield Road: Officers tried unsuccessfully to stop a vehicle driven by two suspected Walmart shoplifters May 24. They lost sight of it at Brainard and Wilson Mills roads in Highland Heights. The vehicle was registered to a Mayfield Heights woman, who told officers a man, who had been living with her, had been in possession of the vehicle for several weeks. An employee at Walmart positively identified the Youngstown man, 59, as one of the suspects he saw loading his vehicle at an emergency exit. Theft and fleeing charges are pending. Overdose, East Miner Road: officers responded to a home at 1:26 a.m. May 28 for a report of a suspected overdose by a 21-year-old man. He was revived and taken to the hospital. Several indicators of drug use were presented in his room, including suspected heroin and three different types of unidentified pills. The incident is under investigation and reports indicate police have dealt with the man multiple times in the past for similar incidents. Abusing a minor, Bonnie Lane: A resident said May 28 her boyfriend pressed on her son's legs to restrain him while they were in a vehicle May 15. She said the man had since ended their relationship and obtained a protection order against her. She said she is also in fear of him because she called his place of work and informed the management that he is a drug user and he will likely be fired because it is a drug-free workplace. She said he still has a key to her home. Officers told her to contact police if he attempts to contact her or shows up at her house. The prosecutor determined there were no criminal actions in the incident. Theft, Mayfield Road: An East Cleveland man, 31, and Euclid man, 29, were each charged with theft from Walmart May 25 after they fled the store, but were located in the area. The latter was also cited for driving under suspension, no operator's license and short-cutting private property. He was believed to be acting as a lookout while the other man concealed items in his overalls. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Gates Mills Place resident reported May 30 items were stolen from a package that was delivered to the mail-room. She said the package contained two cell phone cases, valued at $16. Management said video surveillance would be reviewed to try to identify a suspect. Theft, Golden Gate Plaza: A price scanner was reported stolen from JoAnn Fabrics May 24. A manager said it looked like a cell phone and someone may have stolen it thinking it was. Theft, Mayfield Road: A woman and a man were suspected of stealing $729 worth of merchandise from Walmart May 24. An employee was able to recover some of the merchandise but the suspects fled in a vehicle and were not located. A bag of merchandise was left behind and subsequently found to be stolen from Bath & Body Works. Suspicion, Mayfield Road: Officers responded to Dunkin Donuts May 27 for a report of a man drinking a beer in a vehicle. The man who had the beer was a passenger in the vehicle and the beer was thrown out before officers arrived. Disturbance, Mayfield Road: A resident at Gates Mills Place apartments said May 27 another tenant threatened him because his two-year-old son was bouncing a basketball. The woman denied making any threats and was advised to contact the leasing office about the matter. Officers told the man a basketball should not be bounced inside the apartment. He thought it was OK because it was not the "middle of the night". See more Mayfield Heights news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. Please take a moment and click here to help the Greater Cleveland Food Bank, a cleveland.com partner. Every dollar you give buys four meals for the hungry.  View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry walmart Walmart testing 24-hour, drive-up kiosk for online order collection It's like a giant vending machine By Rob Thubron on Jun 7, 2017, 8:00 AM TechSpot Back in March, Amazon announced AmazonFresh Pickup, a grocery service that lets Prime members drive to a pickup location so their online orders can be loaded straight into their vehicle. Now, Wallmart is testing a similar concept in Oklahoma City that uses a huge, automated kiosk. The feature, available at the Walmart Super Center at N Council and W Britton Roads, is similar to Amazon’s in several ways. Users place grocery orders either online or through a mobile app before driving to the pickup point for collection. But unlike AmazonFresh Pickup, employees pack the items into bags ready for the customers to collect themselves. After arriving at the 24-hour kiosk, it’s simply a matter of typing a five-digit code into the machine, which will then retrieve the goods. The 20-foot-by-80-foot building contains refrigerators and freezers that keep the groceries fresh. Using the service is free, but there is a $30 minimum order limit, so it’s not ideal if you’re only looking to purchase a small number of items. AmazonFresh Pickup requires a Prime membership, but there are no minimum order requirements. Amazon is trying to compete with Wallmart in several areas of the grocery market. Jeff Bezos’s company is still experimenting with its cashier-less convenience store after the public launch was delayed due to technical issues. Wallmart says it’s been testing grocery pickups since 2014 and offers the service in more than 600 stores across the US. A similar kiosk concept is already used in the UK by supermarket retailer ASDA, which is owned by Walmart. Walmart is also testing another way for customers to retrieve their online orders: giant, vending machine-style pickup towers. They’re currently being used in Atlanta, Bentonville, Detroit, Houston, and Raleigh, and are designed to make collecting non-food orders quicker and easier. Related Reads Walmart reportedly considering acquisition of Jet.com Walmart automation will eliminate 7,000 jobs Amazon now bigger than Walmart after surge in profits 3 comments 113 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Elon Musk says he'll leave advisory councils if Trump withdraws from Paris agreement Supreme Court makes it harder for patent trolls to hand-pick battlegrounds Popular Tips for Playing PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Corsair Glaive RGB Gaming Mouse Review Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 New Galaxy Note 8 leaks show off features new to Samsung phones 13 Here's what's new at Tesla following their shareholder meeting 7 Samsung updates its J-series family of budget smartphones 11 Troubled production meant most of Mass Effect Andromeda was developed in just 18 months 13 Optoma announces sub-$2,000 projector with 4K resolution Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing Why Small Data Is the New Big Data Mar 24, 2016 Books Business Radio Podcasts Global Focus North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Subscribe on iTunes! mic Listen to the podcast: Martin Lindstrom discusses his new book about 'small data' http://media.blubrry.com/kw/p/d1c25a6gwz7q5e.cloudfront.net/audio/160225_KWRadio_Lindstrom.mp3 Supports K@W's Marketing Content Martin Lindstrom has spent time with 2,000 families in more than 77 countries to get clues to how they live — resulting in the acquisition of what he likes to call Small Data. In his new book, Small Data: The Tiny Clues That Uncover Huge Trends, he argues that the Small Data explains the why behind what Big Data reveals. Knowledge@Wharton recently spoke with Lindstrom on the Knowledge@Wharton show on Wharton Business Radio on SiriusXM channel 111. An edited transcript of the conversation follows. Knowledge@Wharton: I wanted to start with an old line that has been around forever: “Don’t sweat the small stuff.” It seems like the opposite is true, correct? Martin Lindstrom: Absolutely. The issue right now is that the corporate world has become completely blinded by Big Data. But it’s very, very hard to describe emotions using data. That is where the issue is. A great example of how powerful Small Data is, in fact, the story back to 2002 where the Lego company was almost going bankrupt. What they did was rely on Big Data. They concluded that the instant gratification generation would kill their product. So they changed the size of the small, tiny bricks to huge building blocks. In 2003, the company was almost going into bankruptcy mode. What happened was that the company decided to go into the homes of consumers across Europe. They met up with this young kid, an 11-year-old German boy, and they asked him, “What are you most proud of?” The kid replied back, “This pair of sneakers.” He showed them an old, worn-down pair of sneakers. Then he said why. He said, “Well, because it shows I’m the best skater in town. If I slide down the skateboard, I am number one, and this is my evidence.” [Inspired that conversation with the boy, and realizing the quality of insights that could be gained by talking with individuals, Lego employed those methods and] … changed the size of the Lego bricks back to the tiny bricks, invented the Lego Movie and today is number one…. Knowledge@Wharton: That’s amazing that something so innocuous as that conversation really changes the path of a major company. We have seen the unbelievable success that they have had over the last decade. Lindstrom: Absolutely. It’s happening more and more. I think it’s fair to say if you take the top 100 biggest innovations of our time, perhaps around 60% to 65% are really based on Small Data. It’s everything from Snapchat, which was basically discovered by coincidence, to even the Post-It note. The issue here is that as we become so obsessed with Big Data we forget about the creativity. You have to remember that Big Data is all about analyzing the past, but it has nothing to do with the future. Small Data, which I define as seemingly insignificant observations you identify in consumers’ homes, is everything from how you place your shoes to how you hang your paintings. I call those the emotional DNA we leave behind ourselves…. You need the hypothesis first before you start to mine it and find correlations. “If you take the top 100 biggest innovations of our time, perhaps around 60% to 65% percent are really based on Small Data.” Knowledge@Wharton: Please explain the difference between Big Data and what we’re talking about here with Small Data. Lindstrom: Big Data is all about finding correlations in enormous amounts of data. An example would be back in 2012 where Google was analyzing the search algorithms and concluded that they could predict a flu outbreak a couple of days before it would happen based on people typing in the word “flu.”… The whole medical society was now preordering all their pharmaceutical products in advance because they had that warning, which was great. But just recently the Center for Disease Control concluded that Google had been completely wrong. In fact, the numbers were two times of what they should have been because people were not just typing in “flu….” Big Data is all about finding correlations, but Small Data is all about finding the causation, the reason why. A simple question in a home would actually reveal that these numbers were probably a little bit too optimistic. That is what we forget as we become so obsessed with proving everything with numbers. Knowledge@Wharton: You share in the book a variety of different examples of this. I wanted to bring up a couple of them because the one that really jumped out first was the fact that you talk about smartphone usage. Let’s be honest: If you don’t have a smartphone, you’re very much in the minority today. The use of a smartphone can collect so much information about people right now. Lindstrom: It absolutely can. It can tell an enormous amount about who we are and what we’re dreaming about. It can also encapsulate the users of the phone into somewhat of a conclusion about a whole nation, which I find fascinating. Sponsored Content: One of the things I’ve done over the last 10 years is to spend a tremendous amount of time in consumer homes. It’s more than 2,000 homes I either lived in or visited across 77 different countries. You start to get a sense for what’s going on. What is fascinating is that if you take the Russian culture, for example, you will notice that they are not smiling a lot. In fact, they are very introverted. If you take the Saudi Arabian culture, you’ll notice that there is not a lot of water there. There is not a lot of greenery. Now if I go back to the smartphone and look at the use of emojis, you will notice that the number one emoji used for Russia is a smiley. It’s actually a smiley with the hearts. The number one emoji used for Saudi Arabia happened to be a potted plant. The number one usage in UK is the wink because they have this funny, awkward British humor. A whole population can actually be squeezed into a little signal, a little piece of Small Data, which actually first makes sense when you know the culture, when you spend time in the homes. That is the fine balance we’re talking about…. Knowledge@Wharton: You have worked with quite an array of companies over your career. How are they trying to use this data and reach consumers in a more effective manner? How are they affected by this shift and maybe even a growing focus on Small Data? Lindstrom: What we started to learn right now is that those companies which are completely reliant on Big Data actually have started to have a problem. The best example is Walmart, which came up with the second profit warning just recently. They had the largest data-mining warehouse in the world, period. It gives you a good sense of where we are. One of my clients is Lowes Foods, which is a North Carolina-based company. What they have done is to actually live with the consumer. They are living in the community to understand the Small Data, pick them up. As a result, they now have become much more focused on embedding themselves into the community and actually creating a community inside the store. As you enter their store, they have now created an amazing community where every staff member acts in a character mood, based on Small Data. You have the sausage works where they’re creating handmade sausages in the supermarket, and they even have Halloween sausages glowing in the dark. I’m not kidding. They have a chicken kitchen where they’re dancing in the middle of everything when they have the chicken ready from the oven…. What the customers are telling me when I interview them in the store is, “I feel at home. I feel like my community is coming back.” This is the essence of what we discovered when we were searching around for Small Data. We learned that the physical community is dying. It’s all moving into a cloud. People start to feel this huge desire for tactile interaction with people, to see people, because the only thing we touch is our smartphone in the morning. So that was a concrete example about how a retailer completely turned around and is now one of the fastest growing in the region because they’re listening to the consumer and the Small Data. “Big Data is all about finding correlations, but Small Data is all about finding the causation, the reason why.” Knowledge@Wharton: In some respects, we’ve seen that happen over the last several years, but it still is a process where a lot of the companies don’t buy in 100%. That ends up becoming one of their biggest downfalls…. Lindstrom: Recently I did a speech for 3,000 executives here in New York City. I asked them to raise their hand if they spent at least one or two days in a consumer home over the last year. Two people raised their hands. That shows everything, as I tend to say. If you have a girlfriend or a boyfriend, you wouldn’t describe that person based on, “Well, I love her because she’s 6′ 7″ tall, and I love the four last digits of her cell phone number. They really turn me on.” Right? No, we have to have that emotional aspect. It’s very tricky for CEOs and senior managers to understand this because they are so reliant on sitting in meetings and meeting rooms behind screens. Suddenly they have to strip that whole identity away from themselves and go into real consumer homes. That’s where I think the younger generation will start to get it. I’ll tell you one thing: If I were 15 or 18 or 20 or 25 years of age right now, the first thing I would do is to understand deep consumer psychology by spending time in consumer homes … because that is going to be the biggest asset in the future. Every company wants that. Knowledge@Wharton: If you went back 20 to 30 years, how many CEOs would spend a day or two in the home of a consumer or a couple of consumers? That wouldn’t even be a thought in the process. Now it has to be? Lindstrom: Now it has to be…. I had the honor of spending time with the founder and the owner of IKEA, Ingvar Kamprad, and I’ll tell you a funny story. I went into one of his stores in Stockholm in Sweden many years ago, and I had to meet up with him. He was nowhere to be seen in the office. So I said to the staff, “Where is he?” They said, “Well, he’s probably at the usual spot.” I said, “Where is that?” [They said] “That is at the check out.” So I went down to the cash registers. Guess what, they were right. He was sitting behind one of the cash registers and checking people out. I said to him, “Why are you doing that?” He said, “Because this is the cheapest and the most efficient research ever. I can ask everyone why they choose it and why they didn’t choose it.” This is the essence of how good business leaders are. We lost touch with that. Because we’re so busy, we use that as an excuse for not being present. But I think if you take the good upcoming entrepreneurial business leaders right now, like the Gopro founder, [they are] very much hands-on with the real audience. He knows what they’re thinking. He has been in the shoes of a consumer and thinks like them. That instinct can only be established if you’re really present in the homes. If you just look at numbers, you will never establish an instinct like that. Knowledge@Wharton: How has the Internet affected Small Data? Lindstrom: Well, it affects us in a very, very smart way. On one hand, you have the large companies like the Amazons and the eBays of the world, which are thriving on Big Data. A lot of small businesses have been made to believe that they have to follow that trend. But I’ll tell you one thing that is really interesting. As you may be aware, Amazon just recently opened their first bricks-and-mortar store in Seattle…. Now why did they do that?  I think the answer very simply is that we think the book sales are flattening out on Amazon and even the Kindle sales are not growing much more anymore. So they’re trying to find other avenues. Now their Big Data is telling them that they have to have a physical interaction…. I recently did the keynote at the American Bookseller Association (ABA) in Denver. As I spoke to these independent booksellers across the world, I said to them, “Aren’t you afraid of Amazon?” They all said exactly the same, “No way, and I’ll tell you why.” They said, “Because they do not embed themselves into the community.” Because every bookstore today is embedding themselves into the community…. They’re talking with authors, integrating themselves. I met up with a bookstore with ten staff, which is running more than 1,000 book events a year. This is becoming their lives. Now this is also reflective of the power of big and Small Data because remember they are both like a ying and yang where Big Data on the Internet is good at going down the transaction path if you click, pick and run. You could say that the Small Data is fueling the experiential shopping, the feeling of community, the feeling of the senses — all that stuff you can’t replicate online…. What I tend to say is that they are two partners in a dance. We just need to make sure that both are present. We can’t live on one person dancing with himself, right? “The physical community is dying. It’s all moving into a cloud. People start to feel this huge desire for tactile interaction with people.” Knowledge@Wharton: How much do you think the use of Small Data will really continue to grow because of the change of generations? Lindstrom: We’ve gone too far down the track of the Big Data. It’s not just me saying this. We work and interact a lot with Big Data companies. They are almost all of them saying to us, “You’re right. We need that hypothesis to mine our data.” But people don’t want to even listen to it because it’s not fashionable to talk about this. What we’re seeing happening right now is the pendulum is swinging back again. We will see people say, “Hey, that’s great with those Big Data. But we probably need to find some great hypotheses.” A great example of that is a major bank here in the U.S which just recently [mined] their data, concluding that they had too much churn. Churn is basically when people are just moving on with the bank accounts and they’re just leaving. They were concluding that people were not happy. So they started to prepare these letters and send them out to all the customers saying, “Why are you not happy?” Just half a day of interviews, with consumers in their homes, revealed that these consumers were not leaving; in fact, they had just gone through a divorce and one of the two has to change their accounts. That is what I think we’re starting to realize right now. What you have to remember is that as robots and technology take over, we humans will become and will have to become smarter. A good example is the auto-driving Google cars. What they realized was that two or three of those accidents were not because of the car; it was because the humans were overriding the rules set by the computer in the car. Suddenly we had this game going on. And that will continue. As Big Data tries to become smarter, the human will become even smarter. That’s the reason why we’ll see the future will be all about those people who can add that creativity to that game, who can think differently. Small Data: The Tiny Clues That Uncover Huge Trends Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Why Small Data Is the New Big Data." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 24 March, 2016. Web. 09 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/small-data-new-big-data/> APA Why Small Data Is the New Big Data. Knowledge@Wharton (2016, March 24). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/small-data-new-big-data/ Chicago "Why Small Data Is the New Big Data" Knowledge@Wharton, March 24, 2016, accessed June 09, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/small-data-new-big-data/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing Is Hosting the Olympics Good or Bad for a Nation’s Brand? Does hosting a major international sports event help or hurt a nation’s brand? The image polishing and profit expectations do not always lead to gold. Management Building Diversity: The People That Analytics Often Leave Behind Facebook’s head of diversity and other experts talked about the challenges of supporting racial minorities in the workforce at the recent Wharton People Analytics Conference. Sponsored Content Infographic – Precision Medicine: New Paradigms, Risks and Opportunities Precision medicine is changing the nature of health care. This infographic illustrates its implications on everything from genomics to medical devices.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Anumakonda Jagadeesh Outstanding. Today Big data has become a buzz word. The concept of big data has been around for years; most organizations now understand that if they capture all the data that streams into their businesses, they can apply analytics and get significant value from it. But even in the 1950s, decades before anyone uttered the term “big data,” businesses were using basic analytics (essentially numbers in a spreadsheet that were manually examined) to uncover insights and trends. The new benefits that big data analytics brings to the table, however, are speed and efficiency. Whereas a few years ago a business would have gathered information, run analytics and unearthed information that could be used for future decisions, today that business can identify insights for immediate decisions. The ability to work faster – and stay agile – gives organizations a competitive edge they didn’t have before.However there are reservations from some experts on Big data wider applications. Here is a debate on Big Vs small data: Small data is one of the ways that businesses are now drawing back from a kind of obsession with the latest and newest technologies that support more sophisticated business processes. Those promoting small data contend that it’s important for businesses to use their resources efficiently and avoid overspending on certain types of technologies. Why Small Data? • Big Data is hard: Doing it at scale and waiting for trickle down benefits can take time. Not to mention the fact that most marketers and online strategists don’t need full-on Big Data to target their campaigns or deliver personalized experiences. • Small data is all around us: Social channels are rich with small data that is ready to be collected to inform marketing and buyer decisions. At a personal level, we are constantly creating this small data each time we check in, search, browse, post etc., creating a unique signature that provides a glimpse into our digital and physical health • Small data is at the center of the new CRM : Social CRM used to create a complete picture of customers, their segments, influencers and even competitors, we need to combine insights from social channels and campaigns with Web analytics and transactional data. Small data is the key to building these rich profiles that will be the center of the new CRM solutions. • ROI: A focus on the last mile of Big Data offers to leverage investments in Small Data ($10 billion and counting according to IDC) spent on upstream systems, tools, and services. • Data-driven marketing is the next wave: Big (and small) data-driven marketing has the potential to revolutionize the way businesses interact with customers, transform how customers access and consume (and even wear) useful data, and ultimately redefine the relationship between buyers and sellers. • Consumer examples abound: Consumers have seen the potential of small data to streamline their shopping, power their fitness routine, or deliver recommendations about the best price for their next flight. With more smart, wearable data-driven devices on the way, there promises to be even more market demand for packaged data and data-delivery devices that “fit” the needs of everyday consumers. • Platform and Tool vendors are starting to pay attention: The promise of operationalizing Big Data and “turning insight into action” is a major tone from many of the big names in tech including SAP, Oracle and EMC. • It’s about the end-user. Small data is about the end-user, what they need, and how they can take action. Focus on the user first, and a lot of our technology decisions become clearer. Simple: Small data is the right data, some small data will start life as Big Data, but you shouldn’t need to be a data scientist to understand or apply it for everyday tasks, simple is(Small Data vs. Big Data : Back to the basics, Ahmed Banafa). Critiques of big data execution Ulf-Dietrich Reips and Uwe Matzat wrote in 2014 that big data had become a “fad” in scientific research. Researcher Danah Boyd has raised concerns about the use of big data in science neglecting principles such as choosing arepresentative sample by being too concerned about actually handling the huge amounts of data. This approach may lead to results bias in one way or another. Integration across heterogeneous data resources—some that might be considered big data and others not—presents formidable logistical as well as analytical challenges, but many researchers argue that such integrations are likely to represent the most promising new frontiers in science. In the provocative article “Critical Questions for Big Data”, the authors title big data a part of mythology: “large data sets offer a higher form of intelligence and knowledge […], with the aura of truth, objectivity, and accuracy”. Users of big data are often “lost in the sheer volume of numbers”, and “working with Big Data is still subjective, and what it quantifies does not necessarily have a closer claim on objective truth”. Recent developments in BI domain, such as pro-active reporting especially target improvements in usability of big data, through automated filtering of non-useful data and correlations. Big data analysis is often shallow compared to analysis of smaller data sets. In many big data projects, there is no large data analysis happening, but the challenge is the extract, transform, load part of data preprocessing. Big data is a buzzword and a “vague term”, but at the same time an “obsession” with entrepreneurs, consultants, scientists and the media. Big data showcases such as Google Flu Trends failed to deliver good predictions in recent years, overstating the flu outbreaks by a factor of two. Similarly, Academy awards and election predictions solely based on Twitter were more often off than on target. Big data often poses the same challenges as small data; and adding more data does not solve problems of bias, but may emphasize other problems. In particular data sources such as Twitter are not representative of the overall population, and results drawn from such sources may then lead to wrong conclusions. Google Translate—which is based on big data statistical analysis of text—does a good job at translating web pages. However, results from specialized domains may be dramatically skewed. On the other hand, big data may also introduce new problems, such as the multiple comparisons problem: simultaneously testing a large set of hypotheses is likely to produce many false results that mistakenly appear significant. Ioannidis argued that “most published research findings are false” due to essentially the same effect: when many scientific teams and researchers each perform many experiments (i.e. process a big amount of scientific data; although not with big data technology), the likelihood of a “significant” result being actually false grows fast – even more so, when only positive results are published. Furthermore, big data analytics results are only as good as the model on which they are predicated. In an example, big data took part in attempting to predict the results of the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election with varying degrees of success. Forbes predicted “If you believe in Big Data analytics, it’s time to begin planning for a Hillary Clinton presidency and all that entails.”.(Wikipedia) Dr.A.Jagadeesh Nellore(AP),India Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Past Issues Contact Us Newsstand Locations Printable Wedding Form Mobile Tablet Subscribe Columbia's locally owned weekly newspaper since 1963 Front Page News Commentary On Second Thought Government Business Education Society Sports Arts & Entertainment Events Travel Home & Garden Pets Browse Archives Shopping Page Advertiser Index General Services Entertainment Public Notices Classifieds Display Classifieds Classified Ad Policy 2017-06-09 / Commentary Tweet Print From Gas ’n Sip to Gourmet 40–Something Mike Maddock mikem@thecolumbiastar.com Apparently, I’m behind the times once again because I have just recently discovered that beef jerky is now a gourmet item and in higher demand than Chex Mix and my beloved Cheetos. I thought beef jerky was a product relegated to the counter of a local Gas ’n Sip sandwiched between giant jars of pickled pigs feet and biker magazines. But I was very wrong. Sales of beef jerky have increased 46 percent since 2009, and it’s a $1.5 billion industry. This dried meat now beats the combined sales of seeds, party mixes, and pita chips. I wondered why so many ads were appearing on TV, and then the other day I saw a giant display— a meat wall, if you will— in Walmart. Even Hershey’s saw the writing on the proverbial meat wall and bought the beef jerky start-up Krave for a cool $300 million. I don’t know if that means Jon Lovitz and John Goodman will be coming to commercials soon as the voices of a couple of walking/talking slabs of beef or not, but I do know jerky has certainly elevated its social status. So long to pickled pigs feet and biker magazines and hello to New York City boutiques and outlet stores. That’s right. I said outlet stores. I only knew about the ones my wife made me stop at on the way to the beach. I’ve always thought I could find a cheaper pair of pants, some sunglasses, or maybe even a bag of fudge...but beef jerky? Has it gotten so big that it needs its own outlet store? Apparently so... because we’ve got at least one in Columbia along with five more in this state to go with hundreds throughout the country. So who can we blame for the meateoric rise of jerky? According to those in the know, its ascension is brought to us by the same people who invented the selfie and live with their parents amongst all their participation trophies... the Millennials. Now before you Millennials go getting offended and have to run off to some cry room in a safe space, please know I’m a member of Generation X. Yes, X. They couldn’t even come up with a name for us, and the only mention we get is falling for Milli Vanilli and turning the Rubik’s Cube into a national phenomenon. That’s not exactly Greatest Generation material, so I’m not judging...I’m just passing along information. Anyway... Millennials are leading the charge in our country’s obsession with protein, and they’re also replacing meals with snacks. They’re seeking all natural alternatives to candy-like protein bars, and they’re into the “caveman diet,” i.e. lean meats and vegetables. Who knew something that once was a truck stop delicacy could so easily fit the bill for all those obsessions? Such a “super food” deserves its own special day...don’t you think? Well guess what’s coming June 12! It’s National Jerky Day! Unfortunately, jerky has to share its day with Superman and peanut butter cookies, but that shouldn’t be too hard after sharing a counter with pickled pigs feet for so many years. Return to top Tweets by @TheColumbiaStar To advertise with us call 803-771-0219 or email GailT@TheColumbiaStar.com. For legal advertising call Pam Clark at 803-771-0219 or email her at PamC@TheColumbiaStar.com. Copyright ©2004-2017 Columbia Star, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 60° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny skies. High 88F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 64F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 9, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell CARDS BLUES MU COLUMNS FORUMS CHATS PREPS GOLF Baseball Close Buy Now Paul Halfacre Summit's Jackson Rutledge (34) goes through his pitching motion at during the Class 5 District 2 championship at Fox High School on Monday, May 15, 2017 in Arnold, Mo. Paul Halfacre | STLhighschoolsports.com Summit pitcher isn't sweating out MLB draft By Tom Timmermann St. Louis Post-Dispatch Tom Timmermann 1 hr ago (…) Buy Now Paul Halfacre Summit's Jackson Rutledge (34) goes through his pitching motion at during the Class 5 District 2 championship at Fox High School on Monday, May 15, 2017 in Arnold, Mo. Paul Halfacre | STLhighschoolsports.com Jackson Rutledge, who sounds like he may have signed the Declaration of Independence or should be on the Supreme Court but is actually a 6-foot 8-inch pitcher from Rockwood Summit High, was walking with his sister through a Wal-Mart when he saw them: Hats with a thumbs-up emoji on them that cost $2. They called to him. They were just what his team needed. “We kind of had a down spot in the year,” Rutledge said. “We’d lost a couple of games we shouldn’t have. I wanted to get something new going.” Rutledge, it seems, not only has a blazing fastball, but he has a burning desire to keep things light on his team, and he figured creating the Pick-Me-Up player of the game hat, bestowed to someone who had a clutch contribution , would give the group something to rally around. Someone would earn the hat, then that person would get to determine the next recipient, and on and on. Rutledge himself earned the hat a few times. “It got us going,” he said. “He felt we needed a little spark,” said Summit coach Jason Schneider. “That’s my memory of Jackson, to incorporate something very good and use it in a light-hearted way.” There’s little light-hearted about Rutledge’s performance on the mound, where he brought a fastball that tops out at 94 mph and a sweet curve to a season that made him one of the dominant pitchers in the region. He had 85 strikeouts — the sixth-most among area pitchers — in 52 2/3 innings pitched against 23 walks and a 1.20 ERA. After some midseason doldrums, Summit won 14 in a row to close the season, winning its district, before losing in the Class 5 sectionals to Poplar Bluff. But that’s just the start for Rutledge, who projects as an early round pick in the Major League Baseball draft. He’s ranked 112th by MLB.com and No. 184 from Baseball America. If his draft spot and his contract offer aren’t to his liking, Rutledge has an excellent fallback plan to pitch for Arkansas in the SEC, during which time he can fully take advantage of his still-forming 6-8, 240-pound frame to boost his draft prospects the next time around. He’s pretty sure he’s stopped growing vertically, but he knows there’s more work to be done in the weight room. A stronger, more fit Rutledge could likely find a few more miles per hour. (Amazing yet irrelevant fact: If Rutledge goes to Arkansas, he’d be the second pitcher on the Razorbacks’ roster named Jackson Rutledge. The other is a lefty from Louisiana who redshirted last season, meaning both would be freshmen in 2017-18. Confusion is bound to follow: MLB.com has a link to Summit Rutledge’s Twitter feed, but it’s actually to Louisiana Rutledge’s account. The two haven’t met , but the Rutledge already in Arkansas tweeted greetings to Summit’s when he committed.) Rutledge credits his progress as a pitcher to a steady, methodical growth. He didn’t go through a sudden growth spurt that threw his body out of synch. He was 6-1 when he started at Summit and just kept going, continuing to grow after his classmates had stopped. That size has always meant power for him, and firing balls past hitters has always been second nature. But he also knew that to go to the next level, he would need another pitch, so he began developing a breaking ball. MLB.com describes it as going from a “slurvy curveball into more of a true slider in the low 80s.” “It’s hard to convince a kid who can strike out anybody with one pitch to get him to work on an offspeed pitch,” Schneider said. “I was watching him last summer at a showcase event and saw his offspeed pitch and I immediately texted him, ‘Your offspeed looks a lot better.’ “For the high school teams he faces, the only thing they’re thinking is, I need to time his fastball. That’s all I have to worry about. But he started locating the fastball and got a second pitch and it’s not even fair, they’re so overmatched. With his ability to throw a fastball and get his offspeed over, I’ve seen so many kids’ knees buckle.” “It’s a huge difference,” Rutledge said. “I’m able to use that to get a lot of swings and misses or get ground-outs compared to last year.” At the start of the season, Rutledge was feeling the pressure of the high expectations that had been placed upon him and, his coach suspects, not having as much fun as he should. But he rediscovered the fun, had an excellent season and is OK with whatever lies ahead for him. “I think the thing that made him so great last year,” Schneider said, “was his ability to have a little fun, to be a high school guy. Be fun, be goofy.” Rutledge’s play is worthy of a tip of the hat. Or a thumbs up. He’s got just the cap for that. Tags Jackson Rutledge Baseball Sport Pitcher Tom Timmermann Tom Timmermann is a Blues beat writer for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Tom Timmermann Close Get email notifications on Tom Timmermann daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Tom Timmermann posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Tom Timmermann Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Best Podcast in Baseball Crossover Event: Enquirering Minds Before Scooter Gennett went and rewrote the whole day with his four-homer launch into history, two beat writers who cover teams in the National League Central met in Cincinnati newsroom for the crossover podcast event of the summer. Or at least a close second. C. Trent Rosecrans, of the Cinc… Most popular BenFred: Edmonds nails big concern for Cardinals Hochman: Ex-Cub David Ross getting on St. Louis' nerves Ortiz: Cardinals can't throw bad money after bad money Matheny's moves backfire, Cardinals' free fall reaches six games Tipsheet: Adams rakes for Braves while Carpenter struggles Quick links Baseball podcast Ben Frederickson Benjamin Hochman Jeff Gordon Jose de Jesus Ortiz Media View Follow Cards news Latest MLB notes: Allegations against Cubs' Russell MLB roundup: Iannetta has 7 RBIs in 15-3 Arizona win Ortiz: Something big needs to happen. And quick. A weak week for Cards as trip ends with 0-7 mark Keeping the dream alive with the River City Rascals Get your Father something cool! Get your daily dose of community. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe to our email newsletters Follow us News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Supporting Organisations Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home Opinion Carbon & Climate Previous   4 big ideas in sustainable business New business models, science-based targets, collaboration, and better marketing: here are the four trends in sustainable business that business leaders are talking about. A mindset of collaboration could define what business leadership means in the 21st century. Image: Alex Prolmos, CC BY-NC 2.0 By Lindsey Longendyke Friday 9 June 2017 Share this story Green initiatives have taken root in the corporate world. Rising numbers of companies have promised to cut emissions, protect forests and watersheds, reduce food waste and take other steps to ensure a sustainable future for all. While President Trump recently decided to withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement, over 900 American companies announced that they are still in. Behind this momentum are passionate CEOs, conscientious consumers and an increasingly purpose-driven workforce. It’s an exciting time—but there’s still much to do before business, people and the planet reach equilibrium. In mid-May, we brought together our corporate partners for MindShare, two days of open discussion on the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. As the communications lead, I was listening for trends, shared attitudes and big ideas. Here are four themes that emerged.  WRI’s corporate partners gather for MindShare 2017 to discuss sustainability trends.   1. Follow the science Science-based targets are quickly becoming expected practice among leading American and European companies. When the Science Based Targets initiative launched in 2015, only 40 companies had promised to shrink their carbon footprints to sizes that are compatible with the global goal of limiting temperature rise to less than 2 degrees C (3.6 degrees F). Today—only two years later—more than 266 companies have made this commitment, with new companies joining at an average rate of two per week. Nearly 50 companies, including household brands such as Walmart, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble, have taken the commitment to the next stage by adopting specific, ambitious targets that have been approved by climate experts.  Corporate sustainability professionals should look into science-based water targets. Flickr/Mitch   The next step is to apply this concept to water. Unlike targets for emissions, which are global in nature, water use targets must be tailored to local conditions. It’s a tricky task. Companies must ask, what are the limits of our watersheds? Who else relies on them? How do we sustainably operate within those limits? For companies with massive water-use needs, such as fabric mills which typically use 200 tons of water per 1 ton of fabric produced, addressing these questions can mitigate serious operational risks and protect local communities. It’s clear that corporate leaders want reassurance that they are doing enough to protect the resources that keep their companies running and that other companies are doing their fair share, too. Arbitrary goals may placate stakeholders, but they won’t stabilise the climate or ensure a long-lasting water supply—only science-based goals can do that. 2. We need new business models for tomorrow’s markets. Between 2009 and 2030, the global middle class is projected to grow by 3 billion people—that’s 10 times the US population. This represents a victory for human development and an exploding market for consumer goods—but also a looming ecological crisis. The elephant in the board room is that companies can’t meet this demand with today’s resource-hungry business models. Some believe that we can thread this needle with efficiency improvements, but our recent research says otherwise. We are on track to triple our use of natural resources by 2050. It is unlikely that businesses can make their products efficiently enough to keep total global resource use constant with today’s levels. The solution: embrace new business models, such as those that allow customers to share and repair physical goods. For example, we need more high-quality, affordable clothing rental services and less cheap fast fashion piling up in landfills. 3. Get savvy with marketing Sustainability professionals often bemoan the fact that consumers are unlikely to purchase products for their environmental benefits alone—but this does not mean that customers can’t be champions of environmentally-friendly products. The Better Buying Lab studies how the same marketing techniques that make potato chips fly off the shelves can drive sales of sustainable food options. Shopping is rarely a careful, rational process—it is what most people do on autopilot on their way home from work at the end of a long day. Thus, people tend to buy: What they’ve bought before What they remember What is socially normal What they notice What meets their needs Sustainability leaders should ask, “How do we work with shoppers’ known behaviours to drive sustainable consumption? 4. We’re in this together You can’t compete for customers if you don’t have resources to make your products. That’s why some competing companies are banding together to tackle environmental risks. For example, in 2010 the Consumer Goods Forum, which represents more than 400 retail and consumer goods companies, approved a resolution to achieve zero net deforestation by 2020 (the group has made some progress, but many companies are still trying to turn this resolution into internal policy). “ How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Most MBA students have played some version of the Prisoner’s Dilemma, a game where players are tempted to undercut each other but are best served by a collaborative strategy. The same is true with businesses facing resource issues. No single company can solve climate change or save the forests, but together entire industries can make progress against social and environmental challenges while creating more favourable conditions for themselves. At MindShare, we heard attendees asking: How else can we collaborate? What else could we solve if we worked together? This mindset may characterise 21st-century business leadership. Lindsey Longendyke is Communications Officer, Business Center at World Resources Institute. This post is republished from the WRI blog. Share this story Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Water Regions Tags climate science consumer products COP 21 deforestation economy emissions financing forests natural resources pollution science water security water treatment Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Carbon & Climate The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out The 5 funniest reactions to Trump's Paris pull-out Carbon & Climate The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore The US$5 trillion opportunity Asian businesses cannot afford to ignore Policy & Finance Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you Ladies, here's the world's first responsible investment platform just for you View all news Industry Spotlight Energy How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment How to make renewable energy work for the economy and environment Cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Sustainability and technology: An 'extraordinary economic opportunity' for cities Energy Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems Keeping it cool: Malaysia looks to district energy systems View all Feature Series Ecosperity 2017: Tomorrow Starts Today How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less How to build a business around the SDGs, and do more with less Educating Tomorrow's Leaders The path to a rewarding sustainability career The path to a rewarding sustainability career Palm Oil Conversations What is sustainable palm oil? What is sustainable palm oil? View all Featured Events jun 12 Sweden EUBCE 2017 – 25th European Biomass Conference and Exhibition jun 14 Australia 2017 Renewable Cities Forum jun 14 Australia 2017 Australian Energy Storage Conference & Exhibition jun 14 Kazakhstan Blockchain Conference Astana jul 11 United States of America Intersolar North America 2017 jul 19 Malaysia ARCHIDEX '17 Add an Event View all The SDG Co Asia Pacifics Hub For Collaboration On Sustainable Development An Eco-Business initiative The SDG Co Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Publications Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Supporting Organisations Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2017
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search R/GA Pushes Deeper Into Consulting with New Tech Hire By Lindsay Stein - just now Array 0 Saks Fifth Avenue Parent Will Cut 2,000 Jobs as Losses Mount 5 hours ago Array 0 Rant of the Week: Beware Early Reports on the TV Upfronts 7 hours ago Array 0 Study: 25% of Americans Say Politics Drove Them to Stop Buying Brands By Kate Kaye - 7 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Google, Apple, Denny's and More 8 hours ago Array 0 Pokemon Go's First Anniversary Outdoor Ads Double as PokeStops and More By Alexandra Jardine - 15 hours ago 0 Marketing Leadership: How to Step Up in Uncertain Times By Frances Yu - 14 hours ago 0 No Hugs for You! Imagine That Viral Seinfeld-Kesha Moment as the Perfect Lost 'Seinfeld' Episode By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Watch: Colbert's Amazing Attack Ad Against an Audience Member Inspired by That Comey Attack Ad By Simon Dumenco - 13 hours ago 0 How Amnesty International Got Massive Engagement -- With YouTube Banner Ads By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. R/GA Pushes Deeper Into Consulting with New Tech Hire By Lindsay Stein. Published on June 09, 2017. Steven Moy. Credit: Courtesy of R/GA Most Popular All eyes are on consultancies like Accenture and Deloitte in the ad world, but R/GA continues to face the creeping threat by bolstering its own consulting services. The agency just appointed Steven Moy as U.S. chief technology officer. In his new role, Moy, who most recently served as CEO of Isobar U.K., will lead R/GA's technology consulting practice in the U.S., which works closely with the shop's business transformation practice. "We don't see clear lines of delineation," he said, adding that business transformation is a multi-disciplinary approach. R/GA consults with Fortune 500 companies such as Walmart and Campbell Soup Co. on innovations strategy. "The consulting business is not going to disrupt R/GA," Chairman-CEO Bob Greenberg told Ad Age in a previous interview. But "R/GA will disrupt the consulting business," he said at the time. Related Stories Creeping on Agencies' Turf, Consultancies Are Shaking Up the Marketing Industry Moy, who relocated to New York for the position and reports to Exec-VP and Global Chief Technology Officer Nick Coronges, said he has a lot of respect for the consultancies, but R/GA has something unique that keeps it competitive. "R/GA's 'connected by designed' concept brings all capabilities with a single DNA together culturally, combining creativity, technology and innovation, so we can execute flawlessly," he said. The digital transformation business, however, may not come easily to agencies. "Some agencies will push into the transformational consulting space and succeed; as a matter of fact a few already have; but my guess is that many more will try and fail," said Matt Ryan, CEO of Roth Ryan Hayes. Those that will succeed, he added, will have to persuade clients that they have the talent the disciplined process to assure positive outcomes. Greg Paull, principal at R3, said he views it more as a "be careful what you wish for" sort of thing for agencies because digital transformation is not always CMO-led and has so many moving parts. While Ken Robinson, partner at Ark Advisors, said agencies often use the term digital transformation improperly, linking it the launch of a new site, content hub, mobile strategy or AR and VR elements in a campaign. "A true digital transformation is when a company decides to lean into a digital-first approach to its business -- not only or even from a consumer communications perspective, but within the organization itself," said Robinson, adding that it's sometimes more about migrating operations, like inventory and sales, via digital channels. According to Moy, agencies must able to deliver new disruptive or innovative products and services on behalf of clients in order to be set up for the future, which requires understanding consumers' wants and needs as well as creating products to test and launch in market. R/GA, he said, uses all those capabilities, including its expertise in consumer insights and design, to leverage the right technology. "There are so many technologies out there. We need to help clients find the right technology, protect their technology investments and help them monetize on existing and new technologies," Moy said. Some of R/GA's past technology inventions include NIKEiD, Nike+, Nike Fuelband, Beats Music and Fossil Q. Prior to serving as chief executive at Isobar U.K., Moy was U.S. chief commerce officer at the agency, consulting on brands like McDonald's, Kellogg's, Coach and Huawei. He also previously served as VP and business lead at SapientNitro North America, where he spent nearly 10 years working on clients such as CVS and Staples. In this article: Agencies Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to main content Left Menu Latest Calendar Legals Social Wall Search Search for Search form Search Login | Logout Home Latest Social Wall Polls Weather Legal News Breaking Local State National Business Crime Emergency Responders Health Local Government Obituaries Politics Videos Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Meek St. Bernard Prep Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County College Local Sports Outdoors Professional Parks & Rec Culture Entertainment Historical Entertainment Art Music Pop Culture Family Festival Health Historical Lifestyle Religion Education Cullman Christian Cullman City Cullman County Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul's Wallace State Opinion Editorial Voice Alerts County Schools CCSO City Schools CPD Road Closings Weather Business Cullman welcomes Champion Sports Medicine with official ribbon cutting News Local Business W.C. Mann 1 day 2 hours ago Cullman Center Manager Lisa Armstrong and property owner/developer Roy Drinkard CULLMAN - On Wednesday morning the Cullman Chamber of Commerce, along with Mayor Woody Jacobs and developer Roy Drinkard, held a ribbon cutting to welcome statewide healthcare provider Champion Sports Medicine to its new franchise office in the Wilkommen Center at 1837 Patriot Way SW, near the southside Wal-Mart.  The company, which has provided athletic trainers to local schools, opened its office here in January. Before the ceremony, The Tribune sat down with Manager Lisa Armstrong to find out more.  “We’re an outpatient physical therapy clinic,” explained Armstrong.  “We do sports medicine, but we also do orthopedic physical therapy; we treat patients who’ve had strokes or head injuries.  I do pediatric physical therapy for dizziness or vertigo.  We just offer any kind of outpatient physical therapy service.” Since the clinic has been open for several months prior the official ribbon cutting, Armstrong had an opportunity to reflect on the center’s experience since January. “We have a pretty solid referral source that’s sending us a lot of patients.  We’re trying to get more referrals from a variety of doctors.  We have four athletic trainers that cover the schools in the area, and so we get a lot of referrals from those athletes.  Dr. David Dueland (of Cullman Regional Orthopedics and Sports Medicine) is sending us a lot of patients; he’s really helped us out to get started.  We’re getting busier; we’ve progressively increased since January.” Cullman Sports Medicine takes all brands of insurance, and Medicaid for patients under 18.  Walk-ins can receive an initial evaluation on-site, but must have a physician’s referral for treatment. Staff Lisa Armstrong - Center Manager Matt Page - Physical Therapy Assistant Amy Tucker - Patient Services Specialist Scott Lochridge - Athletic Trainer, Cullman High School Kimberlin Johnson - Athletic Trainer, Cullman High School Lindsay Walker - Athletic Trainer, Fairview High School Donna Chamblee - Athletic Trainer, West Point High School “We’re new in town,” said Armstrong, “but we’re all part of this community.  We would love to be part of the schools, and just really have a community type feel.  We like to spend a lot of one-on-one time with our patients.  We have a lot of fun in here; we don’t just come in here and do business.  Our patients get better and have fun, too!” For more information about Cullman’s office of Champion Sports Medicine, visit www.facebook.com/championsportsmedicinecullman. Copyright 2017 Humble Roots, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Keywords:  Featured News Local Business Champion Sports Medicine Ribbon Cutting New Business City of Cullman View the discussion thread. Social Stream Trending Latest Updated: 1 hour 15 min ago UPDATED: Victim ID'd in wreck on CR 1435 Updated: 2 days 15 hours ago (Update) Mental illness factor in late-night car chase on CR 437 Updated: 7 hours 51 min ago Brad Meeks, insurance companies answer charges in Curt Wilson wrongful death suit Updated: 1 day 12 hours ago Delivery mix-up leaves Cullman Caring for Kids scrambling for summer resources Updated: 5 sec ago Hwy. 278 closed both ways at mile marker 102 in Blount County Updated: 7 min 22 sec ago Update: Thursday afternoon Blount County crash kills 2 Updated: 44 min 31 sec ago Dodge City Days all day Saturday Updated: 1 hour 28 min ago Troopers: Texting and driving may have been factor in fatal crash in Vinemont Updated: 5 hours 32 min ago Fairview girls open play-day season with a win and a loss Updated: 7 hours 25 min ago Hwy. 278 closed both ways at mile marker 102 in Blount County   Follow Us © The Cullman Tribune 2017 ▲ Top
Skip to main content Left Menu Latest Calendar Legals Social Wall Search Search for Search form Search Login | Logout Home Latest Social Wall Polls Weather Legal News Breaking Local State National Business Crime Emergency Responders Health Local Government Obituaries Politics Videos Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Meek St. Bernard Prep Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County College Local Sports Outdoors Professional Parks & Rec Culture Entertainment Historical Entertainment Art Music Pop Culture Family Festival Health Historical Lifestyle Religion Education Cullman Christian Cullman City Cullman County Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul's Wallace State Opinion Editorial Voice Alerts County Schools CCSO City Schools CPD Road Closings Weather Local City vs. County blood drive set for Friday News Local Health Will Hogue 1 day 3 hours ago Claudina Massey gives blood at last year’s City vs. County event / Tribune File Photo CULLMAN - This year’s City vs. County blood drive will take place on Friday, June 9. LifeSouth will have their famous blood mobiles stationed at four locations around Cullman from 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Head of Donor Recruiting with LifeSouth, Melanie Moore, along with her partner at LifeSouth, Kimberly Roberson, are excited for the potential for more donors this year. “Last year we had 53 eligible donors in the city, and 78 eligible donors in the county,” Moore said. “That makes 131 good units of blood. And since every unit has the potential to save up to three lives, we had a hand in saving around 393 lives last year.” LifeSouth is such a massive contributor to the blood supply of Cullman Regional and emergency medical services, that, according to Moore, the chance of receiving blood in an emergency situation in Cullman and it coming from a source other than LifeSouth is less than one percent. To donate blood for the City team, donors can visit Wal-Mart on Highway-157 or Dick’s Sporting Goods. County sites are the Wal-Mart on Olive Street and the Cullman County Courthouse. Donors will receive a free sandwich, grilled by the Cullman County Cattlemen and Cattlewomen’s Association and a T-shirt from LifeSouth featuring the phrase, “Blood is like a parachute; if it isn’t there when you need it, chances are you’ll never need it again.” Donors will also receive savings coupons from various businesses around Cullman. Expect a 30-45-minute process for donations, not including the potential for lines at the different locations. “Eat a good meal before you come, a meal that sticks to your ribs you know,” Moore said. “And be well-hydrated.” Moore said most of the complications come with people who haven’t had water or food before they visit a blood mobile. Copyright 2017 Humble Roots, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Keywords:  Featured News Local City vs. County Blood Drive Blood Drive City of Cullman Cullman County Lifesouth Blood Blood Donor Health View the discussion thread. Social Stream Trending Latest Updated: 1 hour 15 min ago UPDATED: Victim ID'd in wreck on CR 1435 Updated: 2 days 15 hours ago (Update) Mental illness factor in late-night car chase on CR 437 Updated: 7 hours 51 min ago Brad Meeks, insurance companies answer charges in Curt Wilson wrongful death suit Updated: 1 day 12 hours ago Delivery mix-up leaves Cullman Caring for Kids scrambling for summer resources Updated: 5 sec ago Hwy. 278 closed both ways at mile marker 102 in Blount County Updated: 7 min 22 sec ago Update: Thursday afternoon Blount County crash kills 2 Updated: 44 min 31 sec ago Dodge City Days all day Saturday Updated: 1 hour 28 min ago Troopers: Texting and driving may have been factor in fatal crash in Vinemont Updated: 5 hours 32 min ago Fairview girls open play-day season with a win and a loss Updated: 7 hours 25 min ago Hwy. 278 closed both ways at mile marker 102 in Blount County   Follow Us © The Cullman Tribune 2017 ▲ Top
Toggle Subscribe Search News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Toggle Close Submit News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Food Starburst Debuts Pink-ONLY Packs All millennial pink, all the time. Lauren RearickJun 8, 2017 9:24PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestPhoto: Courtesy of Instagram/[@StarburstBrand](https://www.instagram.com/p/BUaSNWygUnk/) The day Starburst fans have been waiting for is finally here. After months of waiting and enviously glancing at early peeks on social media, all pink packs of strawberry flavor Starbursts are officially in stores, Refinery 29 reports. Starburst first announced news of this sweet limited edition offering back in March, with a Starburst representative telling Teen Vogue it was the first time they were offering the all pink pack. Lucky celebs had previously shared images of the “extra special” packs on Twitter and now the rest of us can join in and take to social media in a glory of pink. You can pick up your own pack in person at Walmart, Walgreens, Target or Kroger, or purchase the candy online through Amazon. But don’t just take our word for it: The candy is currently sitting pretty (in pink) as the #1 Best Seller in Amazon’s fruit flavored candies category. Judging by the pack’s popularity, it seems we’re not the only ones who have been waiting for the release. Let’s be honest, we’ve all bought a pack of Starburst before just to enjoy our favorite flavor or griped when whe got a pack that didn’t feature enough of one flavor chew. The limited time offering should help alleviate the crushing disappointment that comes with purchasing a pack only to find strawberry isn’t really represented, as this Twitter user points out. With pink officially in season, from fruity drinks to stylish suits, the candy is coming just in time to join in on all the millennial pink fun. We’re anticipating this flavor will fly off the shelves though, so you’ll want to hurry to a store near you before anyone gets the idea to create an item of clothing entirely out of pink Starburst wrappers. Related: There Are Now JOLLY RANCHER Pop-Tarts follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. CNWN Collection
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 52° F Clear Hi: 69° F Lo: 53° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines West Haven students honored by White House & EPA June 8, 2017 Five students and their teacher from West Haven, Conn., were recognized today as winners of the 2016 President’s Environmental Youth Award (… Teen police say drove SUV in crash that killed 4 arraigned June 8, 2017 The Connecticut teenager police say was behind the wheel of a stolen SUV that crashed in Massachusetts killing four passengers has been arra… Church bus crashes in Atlanta area; 1 killed, others injured June 8, 2017 Warning From Power Companies After Scams Reported June 8, 2017 British shock: PM May’s election gamble appears to backfire June 8, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 52° F Clear Feels Like: 52° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 77% Dewpoint: 45° F Sunrise: 5:18 AM Sunset: 8:22 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 52° F Clear Hi: 69° F Lo: 53° F Missing girl found safe in Connecticut; adult arrested By Associated Press Published: June 8, 2017, 9:23 pm Updated: June 8, 2017, 10:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: Connecticut State Police ST. ALBANS, Vt. (AP) — Vermont State Police say a 16-year-old Alburgh girl has been found safe in Lisbon, Connecticut. Police say Connecticut troopers found Mickayla Lozell Thursday shortly after the car she was believed to have been riding was spotted in a Wal-Mart parking lot. The car belonging to the man police believe Lozell was traveling with, 47-year-old William Smith who’s on the Vermont sex offender registry and has no permanent address, was spotted about 3:30 p.m. Mickayla was reported missing by her mother on Sunday evening. Police say there’s no indication of foul play or that Mickayla was held against her will. Mickayla was taken into protective custody. Vermont police say Smith was arrested in Connecticut for multiple charges from Vermont. It could not be determined if Smith has an attorney. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Missing 13-year-old West Haven girl found safe Troopers identify body found near a boat ramp in Lisbon Missing Hartford girl found safe Body found at boat launch in Lisbon Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe log in Site Site Archive Police find Vermont sex offender, girl in Lisbon Thursday Jun 8, 2017 at 9:16 PM Jun 8, 2017 at 11:26 PM Ryan Blessing rblessing@norwichbulletin.com, (860) 425-4205 rblessingNB LISBON — State police on Thursday said they arrested a Vermont registered sex offender who was traveling across state lines with a 16-year-old girl who had been reported missing. Police responded at about 3:30 p.m. Thursday to Wal-Mart at 180 River Road after learning that William Smith, 47, was there with the girl, according to a police report.  Smith, of 134A Grand Ave., Scranton, Vt., was convicted on July 26, 1999 in Vermont of sexual assault, according to the state's sex offender registry. He is classified as a category 2/ not high risk, according to the site, and was no longer supervised for his conviction. The Vermont girl was reported missing by her mother on Sunday evening. Police say there's no indication of foul play or that she was held against her will. She was taken to Troop E and later placed in the care of the Department of Children and Families, police said.  Police also learned that Smith had allegedly mis-used a license plate on his vehicle and had a suspended Vermont driver's license. Troopers also learned he was wanted in Vermont for violation of probation, a felony punishable by up to more than a year in prison. State police charged him with improper use of a license plate, driving without a license and being a fugitive from arrest without warrant. He was held on a $100,000 surety bond and is scheduled to be arraigned Friday in Norwich Superior Court.   The investigation is ongoing, police said. They said Smith will eventually be turned over to Vermont law enforcement, where he will face charges in relation to the juvenile and violation of probation. Associated Press material was used in this story. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber My Profile ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Bill to crack down on lobster cheaters heads for final approval More Headlines Comey’s testimony could set new course for congressional committees Dover-Foxcroft man pleads guilty to possessing child pornography More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Local roundup: Winthrop baseball beats St. Dominic in extras More Headlines Top-seeded Gardiner softball falls to Ellsworth Carrabec softball falls to Lisbon in C South quarterfinals More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Legislature should not forget Mainers who passed ranked-choice voting More Headlines Today’s editorial cartoon View from Away: On appointments, Trump is his own obstructionist More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Messalonskee students take part in Atlantic salmon release More Headlines High School Graduates 5K walk/run events More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times through June 15 More Headlines ‘Dungeons and Dragons: Seafaring Traditions of Early Tattoo Art’ on view Opening Reception: ‘Rebirth’ opening set for June 9 More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate How to get great pressure-washing results More Headlines 6 Kennison St., Manchester ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Schools & Education Posted Yesterday at 8:45 PM Updated June 8 increase font size Messalonskee awards 151 diplomas as seniors remember Cassidy Charette Messalonskee awards 151 diplomas as seniors remember Cassidy Charette The commencement ceremony was held Thursday at the Augusta Civic Center. By Betty AdamsStaff Writer Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-621-5631 Share Comment Read Article 1 of 8 Oakland police Officer Tracey Frost, who is the school resource officer at Messalonskee High School, shakes hands with graduates Thursday as they go into the Augusta Civic Center. Staff photo by Joe Phelan AUGUSTA — Even as family members streamed into the Augusta Civic Center on Thursday night, members of the Messalonskee High School class of 2017 milled around outside, waiting to line up to march into the main auditorium for their commencement ceremony, some 1,381 days after they started as freshmen. That was the count offered by valedictorian Fern Calkins in her speech to the class and cheering crowd. Related Headlines Photos: Maine’s 2017 high school graduations Calkins urged her fellow graduates to embrace change while remembering the past, saying, “I encourage you all to find someone or something that motivates you.” Calkins said she took her inspiration from Cassidy Charette. Calkins said Charette was the reason she joined Big Brothers/Big Sisters and returned to playing soccer — something she intends to continue in college. Charette was a junior at Messalonskee when she was killed in a hayride accident in October 2014 in Mechanic Falls. On Thursday, many of the graduates’ gowns were adorned with pins bearing an image of Charette in her Eagles soccer uniform. Salutatorian Francesco Vann Guarnieri gave practical advice: “First, work hard. … Secondly, do the things that make you happy. … By working hard at doing things you love, you will achieve your goals; and in doing so, you will be your best self.” Kayla Marie Veilluex, who was pushed into the auditorium in her wheelchair, walked onto the stage to receive her diploma and was escorted down the stairs by Principal Paula Callan. Veilleux said earlier she intended to stay at home after high school to help her mother, Venita, who is disabled, while her father, Robert, works at Trafton Road Redemption. Sue Bradshaw, counselor at Messalonskee Middle School, came over to offer her a hug and congratulations prior to the ceremony. Kyra Kaherl decorated the top of her red mortarboard with hundreds of small gems she had bought at Walmart. They spelled out her name as well. “It took me two and a half hours,” she said. Kaherl said she plans to go to Kennebec Valley Community College and later to the University of Maine at Farmington to study secondary-school education. Dylan Gagne, student body president, and Nathan Violette, executive secretary, gathered with other friends as they awaited the signal to get in line. Gagne said his role was to “basically act as a spokesperson for all four classes.” He’s heading to the University of Connecticut to study pre-law. Violette said he plans to attend the University of Maine at Farmington for pre-medical studies. Mike Hippler’s family, including younger brother Jacob Robinson, surrounded him to offer best wishes. He’s going to Kennebec Valley Community College and then to the University of Maine, in Orono, to study plant biology. Hippler said he likes to grow “everything — corn, food, things for me to eat.” Amy LaVerdiere posed for photos with her friends outside as well. When LaVerdiere, 18, of Oakland, is not doing school work, playing sports or hiking Messalonskee Trail along with her dog, Brady — who “loves to run around and be chased” — she’s busy at Flagship Cinemas in Waterville, where she’s a supervisor in charge of training crew members and organizing other things. “I’ve got a lot of friends from different schools there,” said LaVerdiere, who was cited a day or so earlier by Principal Callan as “one of those kids who always has a smile on her face, but is not afraid to speak her opinion.” Callan called LaVerdiere “a really good role model for other students and a good school citizen. If you ask her to do something, she’ll do it.” LaVerdiere transferred to Messalonskee in her junior year and became one of the Top 10 graduates. Before that, she attended Temple Academy. LaVerdiere spoke Wednesday shortly after returning from a seniors’ tour of several elementary schools in the district, including Belgrade Central and Williams Elementary schools. The younger children lined up to applaud the seniors in their red-and-blue caps and gowns. “They made us signs,” LaVerdiere said. “They were just all out in front of the classrooms. They put their hands up and we gave them high fives as we went by. They were just very sweet.” LaVerdiere is contemplating a future in secondary education in the area of mathematics. On Thursday evening, she and 150 other seniors went through the commencement ceremony with smiles, cheers and a smattering of small bouncy balls scattering across the stage. Callan welcomed the seniors, their families and their friends, and congratulated the class of 2017, complimenting them particularly for their volunteer efforts. “The amount of community service hours that you have committed to throughout the year speak to your character and unselfishness to put others ahead of yourself,” she said. She also told them they are “welcome to come back any time.” Class president Gabriela Languet offered some closing thoughts, reminding her fellow graduates, “Even when they changed the schedule for classes on us every years, we pushed through and showed we could conquer. We’ve survived a power outage and a fox on school grounds.” She told them: “You are as prepared as you need to be, and you will achieve great things.” Betty Adams — 621-5631 [email protected] Twitter: @betadams Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Bill to crack down on lobster cheaters heads for final approval Comey’s testimony could set new course for congressional committees Dover-Foxcroft man pleads guilty to possessing child pornography Augusta to remove Mayfair sidewalk residents blame for flooding, drainage problems Local roundup: Winthrop baseball beats St. Dominic in extras Two arrested in Norridgewock drug bust Body found Saturday in Skowhegan was that of a 44-year-old woman Police probe video of driver in Skowhegan with unbuckled toddler in front seat Waterville boy, 11, injured when bicycle crashes into car Winthrop town manager resigns, takes responsibility for $166,000 error YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in news UK election results in hung Parliament in stunning setback for... Theresa May calls for ‘stability’ amid possible election... Accused NSA leaker wanted to ‘burn the White House down’ Woman records boyfriend having sex with teen as blackmail: cops Prison worker facing charges after mop closet sex with inmate... Comey testimony does little to answer impeachment question ‘Serial’ podcast subject Adnan Syed seeks new trial in murder... Man desperate for ride to Hooters calls 911, ends up in jail Parents plead to charges after son’s fatal shooting of sister Trump’s jobs plan could make your beer more expensive House approves legislation to roll back Dodd-Frank act Comey’s Columbia leaker pal goes into hiding after testimony Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Teen tried to suffocate pregnant girlfriend over baby’s name: cops By Jackie Salo View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 8, 2017 | 6:48pm | Updated June 8, 2017 | 10:55pm Modal Trigger Raul Lopez Lee County Sheriff's Office. A Florida teen faces charges after he almost suffocated his pregnant girlfriend Wednesday during a fight over what to name their baby. More On: domestic violence 80-year-old cougar found dead days after boyfriend arrested for assault 79-year-old woman charged with shooting boyfriend during drunken dispute Cubs shortstop accused of cheating on, abusing wife MLB catcher probed after ex's Instagram 'abuse' allegation Raul Lopez, 18, started arguing with his girlfriend after he suggested naming the baby boy they are expecting after him, but she wasn’t on board, news station WBBH reported. The Lee County Sheriff Office said the couple first started fighting about baby names Wednesday at Wal-Mart, but the dispute escalated when the pair returned to their home in Fort Myers, Florida. Lopez’s girlfriend eventually locked herself in a bedroom during the heated exchange. Lopez allegedly got into the room by removing the door knob, according to authorities, and covered his girlfriend’s nose and mouth with his hands until she began losing consciousness. Her mom called 911 after breaking up the fight. Officers said the baby was not injured. Lopez faces felony charges of aggravated battery on a pregnant woman and domestic battery by strangulation, according to county records. He was released from jail Wednesday and scheduled to appear in court on July 10. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under arrests ,  battery ,  domestic abuse ,  domestic violence ,  florida ,  pregnancy ,  strangling Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Church bus crash leaves at least 1 dead, dozens injured Read Next Church bus crash leaves at least 1 dead, dozens injured Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 30,306 80-year-old cougar found dead days after boyfriend arrested for assault 23,996 Angry investors feed live donkey to tigers at Chinese zoo 22,378 Accused NSA leaker wanted to 'burn the White House down' Now On Jury hears Cosby’s description of ‘petting and touching’ his accuser New York ‘Hip-Hop Cops’ target 2 Chainz Mavis Staples wanted Chance the Rapper on her album SEE ALL Video 1:05 Rapper sucker-punched during live performance Now On Heroin Usage Leads To Actor's Firing From Amazon Show SEE ALL More Stories page six Khloé Kardashian eats celery as a meal Now On Decider ‘Gypsy’ Trailer: Naomi Watts Struggles With Her Sexual Impulses in Netflix’s Psychological Thriller nypost 80-year-old cougar found dead days after boyfriend arrested for assault New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH WCAX Investigates Super Seniors Recipes & Food Energy Tips Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 4:39 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 8, 2017 6:18 PM EDT By Jennifer Costa BioEmail Connect Biography costa@wcax.com Follow @WCAX_Jennifer William Smith Mackayla Lozell-Courtesy: Dawn Lozell LISBON, Conn. - A missing teen from Vermont was found more than 300 miles from home. Vermont State Police say Mackayla Lozell, 16, of Alburgh, was found safe in Lisbon, Connecticut, at about 3:30 p.m. Thursday. They say Mackayla is in good health and is now in protective custody with state police in Connecticut. William Smith, 47, was arrested. Smith is the registered sex offender police suspected Mackayla was with. He faces multiple charges in Vermont for sex offender registry violations and probation violations. There's no word yet on whether he will face charges in connection with this case. Police say a concerned citizen spotted Smith's car in a Walmart parking lot and called police. Mackayla went missing from her home Sunday. Police suspected she was with Smith but said they believed she went with him willingly. Our Jennifer Costa dug deeper into Smith's criminal history. She found Smith was convicted of sexual assault in 1999. Investigators say his victim was a 16-year-old girl. Smith got 4-12 years behind bars. Corrections stopped supervising him on the sex charge back in 2008. But he is still required to register as a sex offender. We've learned Smith has not been compliant with the registry since January. That's the last time authorities tried to check on him. Swanton Police were unable to find him at his registered home. Smith failed to provide an updated photo and still has not told the state where he's living. Corrections officials say Smith participated in sex offender treatment while in prison. He is still on probation for several other offenses, including DUI, careless and negligent operation, driving with a suspended license, ignoring an abuse prevention order and violating court-ordered conditions of his release. The DOC says Smith does not have a good track record with probation. He missed two court hearings in May. Tuesday, a Chittenden County court issued a warrant for his arrest. That's two days after Mackayla's mom told police her daughter was missing. Related Stories: Police get multiple tips on car connected to missing Vt. teen Police: Missing teen may be with sex offender Local NewsMore>> Man charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge Man charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:28 PM EDT2017-06-09 02:28:23 GMT A man is charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge. A man is charged with lewd and lascivious conduct at Huntington Gorge. Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested Missing Alburgh girl found safe; sex offender arrested Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:18 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:18:07 GMT A missing girl from Alburgh has been found in Connecticut. The registered sex offender she was with was arrested. A missing girl from Alburgh has been found in Connecticut. The registered sex offender she was with was arrested. Police search for missing Brattleboro girl Police search for missing Brattleboro girl Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 4:05 PM EDT2017-06-08 20:05:43 GMT Police are looking for a 14-year-old Brattleboro girl who is missing. Police are looking for a 14-year-old Brattleboro girl who is missing. Rescuers search for man's body in Connecticut River Rescuers search for man's body in Connecticut River Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 5:32 PM EDT2017-06-08 21:32:41 GMT Rescuers are searching the Connecticut River looking for a man's body. Rescuers are searching the Connecticut River looking for a man's body. Police: Baby's death not suspicious Police: Baby's death not suspicious Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:56 PM EDT2017-06-08 18:56:22 GMT Colchester Police say there is no evidence of anything suspicious in connection with the death of a baby.  Colchester Police say there is no evidence of anything suspicious in connection with the death of a baby.  Plattsburgh Police: Pair arrested with 170 bags of fentanyl Plattsburgh Police: Pair arrested with 170 bags of fentanyl Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:47 PM EDT2017-06-09 00:47:34 GMT Police say two New Yorkers were arrested on drug charges during a traffic stop near Plattsburgh.  Police say two New Yorkers were arrested on drug charges during a traffic stop near Plattsburgh.  2 recovering from injuries in head-on ATV crash at NH park 2 recovering from injuries in head-on ATV crash at NH park Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:19 AM EDT2017-06-08 14:19:01 GMT Two men are recovering from injuries suffered when their ATVs collided at Jericho Mountain State Park in Berlin, New Hampshire. Two men are recovering from injuries suffered when their ATVs collided at Jericho Mountain State Park in Berlin, New Hampshire. Hyundai recalls thousands of cars Hyundai recalls thousands of cars Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:55 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:55:19 GMT There's a consumer alert for Hyundai drivers. There's a consumer alert for Hyundai drivers. News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Climate vs Trump Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video Mission Admission 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Trump just passed on the best deal the planet has ever seen The Guardian David Suzuki 02-06-2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 'Hoped we would be killed, not raped': ISIS slave returns home Analysis: Why Trump’s withdrawal from Paris pact doesn’t make sense © AP ‘By withdrawing from this historical agreement, Trump will make more enemies than friends.’ Since day one as a contender for the Oval Office, current US President Donald Trump has pushed a dominant narrative: he’s a businessman. He gets economics. He knows the art of the deal. This week, with his decision to withdraw the US from the Paris Agreement, the president has given the world strong reason to reject that narrative. His rationale — that it’s a choice of economy over environment, and a fossil fuel economy is the top priority — is outdated and false. States and nations around the world have harvested the fruits of clean energy, and are redefining their economies and energy sources accordingly. Yet, under false pretenses that “clean coal,” natural gas and other fossil fuel fixes are better than energy conservation and clean energy, the US forges its own, lonely path. The idea that clean, renewable energy will generate power for our planet for generations to come is not rhetoric. The extent of human-caused climate change — and the rapidly improving economics driving the proliferation of renewable energy sources — make it fact. If the US administration isn’t ready to move forward, hundreds of individual states and other countries will. California is already a world leader on climate policy. Texas is rapidly expanding its wind energy capacity. In Germany, clean energy has become a movement itself, focused on thousands of small-scale projects under the Energiewende program. In Scotland, wind generation has increased by 81% over the past year, and in March this year, it produced enough energy to satisfy 136 % of the country’s household energy needs. These are just a few examples. The US’s withdrawal doesn’t mean Americans and US investors will sit still, either. There is substantial economic opportunity in renewables. The US solar industry alone creates one in 50 new jobs. Worldwide, nearly 10 million people already work in renewable energy. Global clean technology exports doubled between 2008 and 2015, surpassing $1.15tn per year. Even America’s corporate giants — from Apple and Google to Walmart, and even oil giant Exxon Mobil — support the Paris Agreement. The economics are clear. So what about the political implications of the decision? By withdrawing from this historical agreement, Trump will make more enemies than friends. Polling results from Yale University’s Climate Change in the American Mind survey (conducted after the US election) show that 73% of Trump voters want the US to use more renewable energy. (His own supporters!) As recently as May 7, a small but increasingly vocal group of Republicans has embraced the reality of global warming, taking steps to press the issue in Congress. Elsewhere in the world, 195 countries and the European Union have signed the Paris Agreement, 147 of which have ratified it. Only Nicaragua and Syria have not signed on. When news of the potential withdrawal reached the United Nations, the organization’s Twitter page read: “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” A Globe and Mail report showed that even fossil fuel companies — the likes of Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell — think the US should stick with Paris. This withdrawal is an ugly decision, made by a country that ought to be leading the transition to a cleaner future — not only because of its stature as an international economic powerhouse, but also because of its less-than-desirable environmental track record. After China, the US is the world’s second-largest greenhouse gas polluter. In response, China has been become a leading producer of solar energy technology and is slowing its coal power construction. The US, meanwhile, hangs on to a coal industry that should have been dissolved decades ago. Just north of the border in Canada, where I live, the situation is delicate. We have been plagued by recent missteps such as approval of fossil-fuel-driven pipeline projects, but at least our governments claim a commitment to a sustainable, clean energy future. In my home province of British Columbia, recent election results may even reverse the approval of some of those infrastructure projects. But we’re far from safe ground. These types of actions by the US administration show that environmental rights — for Canada and all countries around the world — are vital, now more than ever. Yet, while 110 countries worldwide have environmental rights written into their constitutions, Canada does not. I tend to focus my advice on domestic matters like these. But today, I offer a word to the US president: A global shift to renewable energy is on. There’s no denying it or turning it around. It’s good for business. This is not fake news. It’s real life. And it’s happening with or without you. You claim you know a good deal when you see one. Well, you just passed on one of the best our planet has ever seen. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More from The Guardian Corbyn calls for May to resign The Guardian Chelsea’s Eden Hazard: I would consider Real Madrid offer The Guardian Murray finds focus to keep calm at French Open The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
NOWCAST Watch MyNBC 5 Live Newscasts Watch on Demand Live Now Coming up Soon Menu 0Alerts 64°Weather Search No Alerts & Closings in Your Area Sign Up to Get Future Alerts Search Homepage Local News Weather Radar Alerts Map Room National News Politics Matter of Fact Sports High School Sports ECHO ECHO cam Entertainment State of Addiction Marathon Burlington Jazz Festival Vuz The Valley CW Contests First With Kids Text Free Zone Smarter$ Champlain Connection ulocal Editorials News Team Contact Press enter to search Type to Search NEWS ARCHIVE Advertisement Missing Alburgh teen found safe in Connecticut Vermont State Police said a missing 16-year-old girl from Alburgh was found safe in Lisbon, Conn. Thursday afternoon.  |  Updated: 11:54 PM EDT Jun 8, 2017 Advertisement Advertisement   Share Copy Link Copy {copyShortcut} to copy Link copied! Renee Wunderlich NBC5 Reporter Missing Alburgh teen found safe in Connecticut Vermont State Police said a missing 16-year-old girl from Alburgh was found safe in Lisbon, Conn. Thursday afternoon.  |  Updated: 11:54 PM EDT Jun 8, 2017 Hide Transcript Show Transcript Missing Alburgh teen found safe in Connecticut Vermont State Police said a missing 16-year-old girl from Alburgh was found safe in Lisbon, Conn. Thursday afternoon.  |  Updated: 11:54 PM EDT Jun 8, 2017   Share Copy Link Copy {copyShortcut} to copy Link copied! Renee Wunderlich NBC5 Reporter LISBON, Conn. — Vermont State Police said a missing 16-year-old Alburgh girl was found safe in Connecticut Thursday afternoon. Advertisement Related Content Missing Vermont teen believed to be with convicted sex offender They said Connecticut State Police found the car of William Smith, 47, in the parking lot of a Walmart in Lisbon. Troopers got in contact with both Smith and Mackayla Lozell just after 3:30 p.m. They said Lozell was found in good health and has been taken into protective custody by Connecticut State Police. Police said Smith, who is a convicted sex offender, has been arrested on multiple charges stemming from active arrest warrants out of Vermont. Vermont State Police told NBC5 News Smith is noncompliant with several of his registry requirements, including not finishing offender treatment courses. Investigators said Lozell was reported missing about 5 p.m. Sunday. She is a ward of the state, but was living with her mother when she was reported missing. NBC5's Reporter Renee Wunderlich spoke with Lozell's mother outside her Alburgh home Thrusday night. Lozell's mother said out of fear for her safety, she did not want to appear on camera or have her voice recorded. She told NBC5 she is thankful her daughter was found and is grateful for the family friends she says first spotted Smith's car in the Walmart parking lot. Vermont State Police told NBC5 News they could not comment on the specifics of the case at this time WEBVTT IS OVER.GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.I'M BRIAN COLLERAN.STEPHANIE: AND I'M STEPHANIEGORIN.POLICE FOUND MACKAYLA LOZELLMORE THAN 300 MILES AWAY FROMHOME TODAY IN LISBON,CONNECTICUBRIAN: POLICE SAY SHE WAS WITH ACONVICTED SEX OFFENDER.NBC 5'S RENEE WUNDERLICH HAS NEWDETAILS TONIGHT AND JOINS US LIVE IN THENEWSROOM.RENEE?REPORTER: I JUST FINISHEDSPEAKING WITH MACKAYLA LOZELL'SMOTHER IN ALBURGH, VERMONT NOTTOO LONG AGO.SHE TOLD ME FOR HER OWN PERSONALSAFETY SHE DID NOT WANT TO GO ONCAMERA OR HAVE HER VOICERECORDED.SHE TELLS ME SHE SPOKE WITH HERDAUGHTER OVER THE PHONE EARLIETODAY SHE TOLD ME HER DAUGHTER MIGHTNOT HAVE KNOWN JUST HOW MUCHDANGER SHE WAS ISTATE POLICE SAY 16-YEARL-OLDMACKAYLA LOZELL IS IN PROTECTIVECUSTODY RIGHT NOW.AND THAT WILLIAM SMITH IS UNDERARREST. INVESTIGATORS SAY THEY WEREFOUND TOGETHER IN THE TOWN OFLISBON, CONNECTICUT.SMITH'S VEHICLE WAS INITIALLYFOUND IN THE PARKING LOT OF AWALMART.TROOPERS RESPONDED AND WERE ABLETO MAKE CONTACT WITH THE TWO.LOZELL IS SAID TO BE IN GOODHEALTH TONIGHT AND IS WITH THECONNECTICUT STATE POLICE.SHE HAD LAST BEEN SEEN WALKINGAWAY FROM HER HOME ON SUNDAYEVENING.HER MOTHER TELLS ME SHE HAS RUNAWAY BEFORE, ABOUT A MONTH AGOBUT DIDN'T GET FAR THIS WAS AVERY DIFFERENT STORY.SMITH IS BEING HELD ON MULTIPLECHARGES STEMMING FROM ACTIVEARREST WARRANTS OUT OF VERMONT.POLICE TOLD ME THAT HE IS NOT INCOMPLIANCE WITH SEVERAL SEXUALASSAULT REGISTRY REQUIREMENTS,INCLUDING NOT FINISHING ATREATMENT PROGRAM.NOW MACKAYLA'S MOM SAYS SHE'S SOTHANKFUL HER DAUGHTER WAS FOUND,AND THAT SHE WANTS TO THANK THEFAMILY FRIENDS SHE BELIEVES ARERESPONSIBLE FOR FIRST FINDINGSMITH'S CAR IN THAT WALMARTPARKING LOT.VERMONT STATE POLICE TELL METHEY ARE UNABLE TO COMMENTSPECIFICALLY HOW THE CAR WASIDENTIFIED IN CONNECTICUT.LIVE IN THE NEWSROOM, RENEE Loading more articles... WPTZ Burlington Contact Us News Team Apps & Social Email Alerts Careers Internships Advertise RSS EEO Reports Captioning Contacts WPTZ Public Inspection File WNNE Public Inspection File Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017, Hearst Television Inc. on behalf of WPTZ-TV. Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Site Map
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset I&R - The Sub-Sharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market Report 2016 The retailing market in Africa is expected to record a stronger positive value performance over the next decade. News provided by ReportBuyer 08 Jun, 2017, 16:06 ET Share this article LONDON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Major drivers will include population growth and the projected positive economic growth across many African countries, as well as heightened marketing activities and investing from international players. In addition, growth is set to be driven by the increasing rate of urbanization, the rapidly-growing middle class and increased local and international retail investment by players in the African market, which is expected to boost retailing in the region. Driven by "one-stop-shopping", in addition to offering consumer convenience, grocery retailers across the continent have used retail floor space to accommodate a variety of products aimed at growing sales revenues and maintaining customer loyalty. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4918772/ Increased international interest in the African market, through direct investment by players, such as Walmart Game, Carrefour and continental players especially from Southern Africa Such as South Africa's Shoprite, Botswana's Choppies, and Kenya's Nakumatt have played a key role in expanding mass grocery retail and promoting consumer confidence and spending. As incomes rise and all of the usual emerging market dynamics are in play, such as urbanization, more hectic lifestyles, many people in Africa are also gaining access to mass grocery retail services. However, while Africa continent is prime for investment‚ this must be tempered with knowledge of the trading risks such as the lack of formalized retail infrastructure, power shortages and poor supply and logistics chains. Why you should buy The Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market 2017 - 133 pages of comprehensive analysis - 71 tables and graphs quantifying the market in detail - Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail market forecasts between 2017 and 2027 - Forecasts for Southern Africa, Eastern Africa and West Africa are included, with detailed analysis of the South African, Botswanan, Kenyan, Nigerian, Ghanaian and Nigerian Mass grocery retail markets. - A SWOT analysis that examines the Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail market - 18 key companies identified and profiled operating within the Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market, including 2017 market share information. You can order this report today and discover the latest market trends and uncover sources of future market growth for the Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail market and gain an understanding of how to tap into the potential of this market by ordering The Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market 2017. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4918772/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ir---the-sub-sharan-africa-organized-mass-grocery-retail-market-report-2016-300471353.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com 08 Jun, 2017, 16:08 ET Preview: Smart Windows Materials Markets: 2017 - 2026 08 Jun, 2017, 16:03 ET Preview: Global Reverse Osmosis (RO) Systems Market Analysis 2017 - Forecast to 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08 Jun, 2017, 16:17 ET Europe Infectious Disease Molecular Diagnostics Market 2021:... 08 Jun, 2017, 16:17 ET High Capacitance BME MLCC: World Markets, Technologies &... Explore More news releases in similar topics Retail Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: I&R - The Sub-Sharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market Report 2016 News provided by ReportBuyer 08 Jun, 2017, 16:06 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Aktuality Nyheder Nachrichten Noticias Actualités Notizie Nieuws Nyheter Aktualności Notícias Новости Novinky Nyheter Uutiset Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. 6/08 Amazon set to get India’s approval for online grocery deliveries 6/08 Nikkei returns to 20,000 as Asian markets warily eye U.K. election 6/08 Updated What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? 6/08 U.K. stock futures slide as election points to hung parliament 6/08 Updated Pound tumbles to 7-week low as U.K. exit poll points to hung parliament 6/08 SoftBank buys robotics firms Boston Dynamics, Schaft from Alphabet Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release I&R - The Sub-Sharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market Report 2016 By Published: June 8, 2017 4:06 p.m. ET Share The retailing market in Africa is expected to record a stronger positive value performance over the next decade. LONDON, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Major drivers will include population growth and the projected positive economic growth across many African countries, as well as heightened marketing activities and investing from international players. In addition, growth is set to be driven by the increasing rate of urbanization, the rapidly-growing middle class and increased local and international retail investment by players in the African market, which is expected to boost retailing in the region. Driven by "one-stop-shopping", in addition to offering consumer convenience, grocery retailers across the continent have used retail floor space to accommodate a variety of products aimed at growing sales revenues and maintaining customer loyalty. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4918772/ Increased international interest in the African market, through direct investment by players, such as Walmart Game, Carrefour and continental players especially from Southern Africa Such as South Africa's Shoprite, Botswana's Choppies, and Kenya's Nakumatt have played a key role in expanding mass grocery retail and promoting consumer confidence and spending. As incomes rise and all of the usual emerging market dynamics are in play, such as urbanization, more hectic lifestyles, many people in Africa are also gaining access to mass grocery retail services. However, while Africa continent is prime for investment' this must be tempered with knowledge of the trading risks such as the lack of formalized retail infrastructure, power shortages and poor supply and logistics chains. Why you should buy The Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market 2017 - 133 pages of comprehensive analysis - 71 tables and graphs quantifying the market in detail - Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail market forecasts between 2017 and 2027 - Forecasts for Southern Africa, Eastern Africa and West Africa are included, with detailed analysis of the South African, Botswanan, Kenyan, Nigerian, Ghanaian and Nigerian Mass grocery retail markets. - A SWOT analysis that examines the Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail market - 18 key companies identified and profiled operating within the Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market, including 2017 market share information. You can order this report today and discover the latest market trends and uncover sources of future market growth for the Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail market and gain an understanding of how to tap into the potential of this market by ordering The Sub-Saharan Africa Organized Mass Grocery Retail Market 2017. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4918772/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com   Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ir---the-sub-sharan-africa-organized-mass-grocery-retail-market-report-2016-300471353.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Watch out for this surprise credit-card charge, the CFPB warns U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: BBX Capital Corporation June 08, 2017 16:00 ET Bluegreen Vacations™ Names Shawn Pearson as Chief Executive Officer FORT LAUDERDALE, FL--(Marketwired - June 08, 2017) - BBX Capital Corporation (OTCQX: BBXT) -- Bluegreen Corporation, ("Bluegreen Vacations" or "Bluegreen"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of BBX Capital Corporation ("BBX Capital"), today announced that it has named Shawn Pearson as Chief Executive Officer of Bluegreen Corporation. "Shawn is no stranger to the BBX Capital family of companies. In 2015 he joined Renin Holdings, LLC, also a wholly-owned subsidiary of BBX Capital, as Chairman and CEO. During this period he has been a passionate and focused leader, developing strategies at a high level," commented Alan B. Levan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of BBX Capital and Chairman of Bluegreen Corporation. "We believe Shawn has the background and acumen to lead Bluegreen forward, and we welcome him to the Bluegreen team." Previous to joining Renin, Mr. Pearson was President of Danby Products, in Ontario, Canada, which is one of the leading manufacturers, distributors and marketers of appliances in North America. While at Danby, Mr. Pearson led Danby's expanded sales to big box retailers such as Home Depot, Costco, and Walmart. He also oversaw entry into Asia, and a strategic acquisition that resulted in substantial growth in distribution channels and product development. Mr. Pearson attended Old Dominion University, holds an MBA from the Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario, and is also a member of the Great Lakes Ontario Chapter of the Young Presidents Organization (YPO). About BBX Capital Corporation: BBX Capital Corporation (OTCQX: BBXT) (OTCQX: BBXTB), formerly BFC Financial Corporation, is a diversified holding company whose principal activities are its ownership of Bluegreen Corporation and, through its Real Estate and Middle Market Divisions, the acquisition, ownership and management of joint ventures and investments in real estate and real estate development projects and middle market operating businesses. Bluegreen, founded in 1966 and headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida, is a sales, marketing and management company, focused on the vacation ownership industry. Bluegreen manages, markets and sells the Bluegreen Vacation Club, a flexible, points-based, deeded vacation ownership plan with more than 200,000 owners, 66 owned or managed resorts, and access to more than 4,300 resorts worldwide. Bluegreen also offers a portfolio of comprehensive, fee-based resort management, financial services, and sales and marketing services, to or on behalf of third parties. As of March 31, 2017, BBX Capital had total consolidated assets of $1.4 billion, shareholders' equity of $477.9 million, and total equity of $521.6 million. For further information, please visit our family of companies: BBX Capital: www.BBXCapital.com Bluegreen Corporation: www.BluegreenVacations.com This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. All opinions, forecasts, projections, future plans or other statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. The forward looking statements in this press release are also forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Future results could differ materially as a result of a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of the control of management. Past performance and perceived trends may not be indicative of future results and there is no assurance that Mr. Pearson will achieve success at Bluegreen. In addition to the risks and factors identified above, reference is also made to other risks and factors detailed in reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which may be viewed on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov, or on BBX Capital's website, www.BBXCapital.com. BBX Capital cautions that the foregoing factors are not exclusive. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/6/8/11G140703/Images/pearson-27e00952ddfda3269ebe2ab0ce7a2c68.jpg Contact Information BBX Capital Corporation Contact Info: Investor Relations: Leo Hinkley Managing Director, Investor Relations Officer 954-940-5300 Email: LHinkley@BBXCapital.com Media Contact: Kip Hunter Marketing 954-765-1329 Jodi Goldstein / Nicole Lewis Email: jodi@kiphuntermarketing.com nicole@kiphuntermarketing.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company BBX Capital Corporation From this industry Financial Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Retail Banking Venture Capital Commercial Real Estate Construction See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Shawn Pearson View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Search underway at AR landfill for remains of former Shreveport - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Mosquito Forecast Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities BREAKING Search underway at AR landfill for remains of former Shreveport woman 2017-06-08T19:01:20Z2017-06-08T19:37:27Z By Carolyn Roy, Digital Content Director BioEmail Connect Biography croy@ksla.com Remains found in a dumpster in Okmulgee, Oklahoma have tentatively been identified as Ashley Mead (Source: CBS News) Police believe the body of a 25-year-old killed in Boulder, Colorado was dismembered and left in various communities in and around Shreveport. (Source: Boulder PD) Adam Densmore, 32 (Source: Boulder Police Department) Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> Police: 'Crime scene' connected to search for missing remains found in Louisiana Police: 'Crime scene' connected to search for missing remains found in Louisiana Updated: Friday, February 17 2017 9:10 PM EST2017-02-18 02:10:34 GMT (Source: Boulder Police) The Bossier Parish Sheriff's Office confirms they are working with authorities in Colorado and the FBI in the investigation of the homicide of a former Shreveport woman whose partial remains were found earlier this week in Oklahoma. More >> The Bossier Parish Sheriff's Office confirms they are working with authorities in Colorado and the FBI in the investigation of the homicide of a former Shreveport woman whose partial remains were found earlier this week in Oklahoma. More >> CO investigators in LA seeking evidence in slaying of woman CO investigators in LA seeking evidence in slaying of woman Updated: Thursday, February 23 2017 6:02 PM EST2017-02-23 23:02:14 GMT Adam Densmore, 32, 1 count of first-degree murder. (Source: Boulder, Colo., Police Department) Colorado investigators were in Bossier Parish for three days visiting the residence of murder suspect Adam Densmore's family and interviewing friends and a former employer, Bossier authorities say.More >> Colorado investigators were in Bossier Parish for three days visiting the residence of murder suspect Adam Densmore's family and interviewing friends and a former employer, Bossier authorities say.More >> MORRILTON, AR (KSLA) - The search for evidence related to the Ashley Mead homicide has taken investigators to a landfill in central Arkansas, according to the Boulder, Colorado Police Department.  Mead, 25, and her 1-year-old daughter, Winter, were reported missing in February after Mead failed to show up for work in the Boulder area. The next day, the Okmulgee, Okla., Police Department contacted Boulder police after a human torso was found in a Dumpster outside a Walmart in Okmulgee. The remains were later identified as Mead's.  Adam Densmore, the 32-year-old father of Mead's child, was arrested during a traffic stop in Pawnee County, Okla., and charged with first-degree murder soon after Mead's remains were discovered. According to police reports, both Mead and Densmore lived in the Shreveport area before moving to Boulder.  Related: Haughton neighbor remembers murder suspect Densmore as "strange," drug user Boulder police investigators think Densmore, the father of Mead's year-old daughter, killed Mead in Boulder then dismembered her body.  Police in Colorado, Oklahoma and Louisiana have been searching for the rest of Mead's remains ever since, which they believe could be anywhere between Louisiana and Oklahoma, possibly in and around Shreveport. They are believed to be in one or more purple Riva suitcases. Investigators from Colorado spent about three days in Louisiana searching for evidence about the slaying following Densmore's arrest, but have not revealed what was found. According to Boulder police, the investigation has led investigators to a landfill in Morrilton, Arkansas, where the search for evidence in her homicide began on June 6.  "At this point, it is unknown how long the search will continue," according to a brief statement released Thursday on the city's municipal website.  Anyone with information regarding the homicide of Ashley Mead is asked to contact the Boulder Police Department at 303-441-1974.  Those who have information but wish to remain anonymous may contact the Northern Colorado Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477). Tips may also be submitted through the Crime Stoppers website at crimeshurt.com.  Police say those submitting tips through Crime Stoppers that lead to the arrest and filing of charges on a suspect(s) may be eligible for a cash reward of up to $1,000 from Crime Stoppers.  Copyright 2017 KSLA. All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Haughton native arrested for CO homicide; victim has Shreveport ties Haughton native arrested for CO homicide; victim has Shreveport ties Updated: Thursday, February 16 2017 10:46 PM EST2017-02-17 03:46:47 GMT Ashley Mead's body was found in Oklahoma (courtesy: KOTV) A Bossier Parish native is charged with first-degree homicide in a case with ties to Colorado and Oklahoma, and the victim is a former Shreveport resident.More >> A Bossier Parish native is charged with first-degree homicide in a case with ties to Colorado and Oklahoma, and the victim is a former Shreveport resident.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Former Memphian recounts experience in London during terrorist attack Former Memphian recounts experience in London during terrorist attack Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:02 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:02:14 GMT Kelly Fischer in London (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) An award-winning children's book author, artists, and former Memphian was in London during the terrorist attack.More >> An award-winning children's book author, artists, and former Memphian was in London during the terrorist attack.More >> Mobile pantry to provide food to Raleigh residents Mobile pantry to provide food to Raleigh residents Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:01 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:01:10 GMT (Photo Source: WMC Action News 5) The Mid-South Food Bank will provide a mobile pantry to give away food to Raleigh residents.  More >> The Mid-South Food Bank will provide a mobile pantry to give away food to Raleigh residents. More >> Man accused of harassing young girls severely beaten Man accused of harassing young girls severely beaten Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:00 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:00:46 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) An accused child predator is in critical condition after being beaten. More >> An accused child predator is in critical condition after being beaten. More >> Overnight raids target multiple people, evidence confiscated Overnight raids target multiple people, evidence confiscated Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:00 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:00:12 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Law enforcement raided a home in Castalia Heights on Thursday morning. More >> Law enforcement raided a home in Castalia Heights on Thursday morning.More >> MLGW shuts off water to apartment complex after bill not paid MLGW shuts off water to apartment complex after bill not paid Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:59 PM EDT2017-06-09 03:59:10 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) People at a Memphis apartment complex found their water cut off even though they were all paid up on their rent. More >> People at a Memphis apartment complex found their water cut off even though they were all paid up on their rent. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Mississippi doctor lets 12-year-old deliver baby brother Mississippi doctor lets 12-year-old deliver baby brother Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:01 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:01:26 GMT Source: Nikki Smith Facebook A 7 lb, 6 oz baby, Cason, was born in a very special delivery.More >> A 7 lb, 6 oz baby, Cason, was born in a very special delivery.More >> Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Student killed, multiple injured in Huntsville church bus crash in Atlanta Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:54 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:54:54 GMT Sarah Harmening (Source: Harmening family) A bus from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville has  crashed in Atlanta, Georgia. More >> A bus from Mount Zion Baptist Church in Huntsville has  crashed in Atlanta, Georgia.More >> Investigators open grave to retrieve Investigators retrieve tablet from buried 8-year-old's casket Investigators retrieve tablet from buried 8-year-old's casket Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 6:36 PM EDT2017-06-07 22:36:46 GMT New developments Wednesday in the investigation into the death of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary student. More >> New developments Wednesday in the investigation into the death of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary student.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Consumer News Publix moves up Fortune 500 list, Darden down Kyle Arnold/Orlando Sentinel Publix store on Sand Lake Road in Orlando. Publix store on Sand Lake Road in Orlando. (Kyle Arnold/Orlando Sentinel) Kyle ArnoldContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Lakeland-based supermarket chain Publix moved up two spots on the 2017 Fortune 500 list, while Orlando’s Darden Restaurants dropped a few spots. The magazine’s annual rankings of public companies based on sales put Publix at No. 85, besting last year’s 87. That was thanks to a 5.1 percent increase in sales as Publix grows into new markets in Virginia. Wal-Mart topped the list for the fifth year in a row, ahead of Berkshire Hathaway, Apple, Exxon Mobil and health care company McKesson. Publix has 191,000 employees and brought in revenues of $34.3 billion last year. It’s the highest ranking in Publix’s 23-year history on the Fortune 500 list. Publix was also the highest ranked company based in Florida. Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse parent company Darden inched down to 385 from 371 in 2016, thanks to a 3.2 percent drop in sales. Despite running the country’s largest Italian chain, Darden has never ranked higher than 311 on the list. It dropped in the rankings after jettisoning Red Lobster in 2014. However, Darden’s rank will likely improve in 2018 after the company bought the 165-location Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain earlier this year. Also in the Central Florida region, defense contractor Harris Corp. ranked 363 with $7.5 billion in revenues. It moves back into the Fortune 500 after falling out in 2015. Other Central Florida companies ranked on the extended list of 1,000 companies include Tupperware Brands (886) and Marriott Vacations Worldwide (994). Got a news tip? karnold@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5664; Twitter, @kylelarnold or facebook.com/bykylearnold Caption At Magic Kingdom, the most visited attraction in the world, numbers fell 0.5 percent to just under 20.4 million visitors for the year, according to a report released by the Themed Entertainment Association and AECOM on Thursday But Universal Studios park jumped 4.3 percent, landing just a shade under 10 million visitors, the report said. Islands of Adventure, its sister attraction, was down 0.2 percent for 9.4 million. At Magic Kingdom, the most visited attraction in the world, numbers fell 0.5 percent to just under 20.4 million visitors for the year, according to a report released by the Themed Entertainment Association and AECOM on Thursday But Universal Studios park jumped 4.3 percent, landing just a shade under 10 million visitors, the report said. Islands of Adventure, its sister attraction, was down 0.2 percent for 9.4 million. Caption At Magic Kingdom, the most visited attraction in the world, numbers fell 0.5 percent to just under 20.4 million visitors for the year, according to a report released by the Themed Entertainment Association and AECOM on Thursday But Universal Studios park jumped 4.3 percent, landing just a shade under 10 million visitors, the report said. Islands of Adventure, its sister attraction, was down 0.2 percent for 9.4 million. At Magic Kingdom, the most visited attraction in the world, numbers fell 0.5 percent to just under 20.4 million visitors for the year, according to a report released by the Themed Entertainment Association and AECOM on Thursday But Universal Studios park jumped 4.3 percent, landing just a shade under 10 million visitors, the report said. Islands of Adventure, its sister attraction, was down 0.2 percent for 9.4 million. Caption Columnist Scott Maxwell looks at the troubled history of Orlando's Fashion Square Mall and wonders if the mall be saved? Columnist Scott Maxwell looks at the troubled history of Orlando's Fashion Square Mall and wonders if the mall be saved? Caption Hyatt Grand Cypress sells for $205.5 million. Hyatt Grand Cypress sells for $205.5 million. Caption Truck Stop Pop-Up Kitchen sets to open in Thornton Park with a rotating cast of chefs, Halal Guys has date for first local location and Too Much Sauce gears up for Mills 50 on the Central Florida Food Minute with Kyle Arnold and Lauren Delgado. Truck Stop Pop-Up Kitchen sets to open in Thornton Park with a rotating cast of chefs, Halal Guys has date for first local location and Too Much Sauce gears up for Mills 50 on the Central Florida Food Minute with Kyle Arnold and Lauren Delgado. Caption University of Central Florida psychology professor Barbara Fritzsche describes her study that shows how older job applicants are compared to younger ones.  University of Central Florida psychology professor Barbara Fritzsche describes her study that shows how older job applicants are compared to younger ones.  Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Publix Super Markets Inc. Darden Restaurants, Inc. Harris Corporation News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 72°
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I want to burn the White House down': NSA leaker Reality Winner, 25, is DENIED bail as prosecutors claim she may have stolen more top secret information, was fascinated with Islamic terrorism and planned to play the 'pretty, white girl' card in court Married father-of-two, 42, to receive $10.75MILLION from Key West resort after being left paralyzed from the neck down when he dove into shallow water from a Tiki Bar deck Uber CEO 'sent bizarre email to staff explaining conditions under which they could have sex with each other on Miami outing and declaring he would be celibate on the trip' Taylor Swift releases ENTIRE back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops UK heads for a hung parliament and chaos over Brexit! British PM Theresa May defies calls to quit and vows to stay on for the sake of 'stability' after disastrous election result wipes out her majority 'This is the result markets feared': Nervous investors watch the stock market and pound, as election delivers hung parliament Knives out for Theresa May: Prime Minister is told to consider QUITTING by her own side as Tory MPs go public about her 'dreadful' campaign The whole of Brexit is at risk: Nigel Farage warns Britain faces a SECOND referendum on Europe Bit of a boob! The awkward moment Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn accidentally slaps his colleague's breast after bungled high five What Comey DIDN'T say on camera: Former FBI director told senators behind closed doors that Attorney General Jeff Sessions may have had a THIRD undisclosed meeting with Russia's ambassador Trump lawyer opens up on Comey with both barrels as he accuses him of leaking 'privileged' information to reporters and confirms the president was never under investigation  What Comey REFUSED to tell us: How the truth about the dirty dossier and the latest on the Flynn probe are still off limits to public hearing Comey knifes Loretta Lynch too: Ex-FBI boss reveals Obama's attorney general ordered him NOT to call Hillary email probe an investigation  Hillary Clinton misses the Comey show to deliver commencement speech in Brooklyn where she invoked her election loss and took multiple swipes at Trump COMEY: I LEAKED TOO! FBI director drops bombshell that he 'got his version out' after he was fired in devastating testimony calling Trump a LIAR who he felt ordered him to clear Flynn but dodges whether the president obstructed justice Call me SAINT James! FBI's fired Comey uses his testimony to compare himself to medieval martyr St Thomas à Becket (and Trump to an angry king) He didn't know any better! House Speaker Paul Ryan says Trump did not mean to break protocol by speaking to directly to Comey - 'He’s new to government' Sorry my questions to Comey were so poor, I was up watching baseball: John McCain's bizarre excuse for misfiring at testimony of the decade (at least his team won though)  Jared Kushner will face questioning from Senate Intelligence Committee this month in Russia probe, sources say 'The president is NOT a liar': White House's unprecedented statement after Comey repeatedly accuses president of lying and defaming him and the FBI  Columbia law professor who was asked by pal James Comey to leak memo about Donald Trump goes into hiding Donald Trump Jr, Richard Burr and Henry II: The winners and losers from Comey's drama-filled testimony I wish I'd gone to dinner with my wife instead of the president: Comey's one big regret as he reveals Trump's 6:30 pm meal invite Shocking moment woman, 67, distracted by her phone suffers serious injuries when she plunges through an open sidewalk door Previous Next EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Alba's Honest Company agrees to pay $1.55 million class action settlement after claims of 'dishonest' advertising about a chemical used in cleaning products DailyMail.com has learned The Honest Company has agreed to pay $1.55 million in a class action lawsuit settlement for misleading consumers Jessica Alba's company claimed products were free of Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (SLS), an irritant, and instead contained Sodium Coco Sulfate (SCS) But the plaintiffs maintained SLS is a component of SCS which makes the claim 'Honestly Free of SLS' untrue  The settlement states the company will remove SCS from the soaps and refrain from marketing products that contain SCS as being SLS free In October, The Honest Company said it reformulated their products  By Kaileen Gaul For Dailymail.com Published: 14:54 EDT, 8 June 2017 | Updated: 15:02 EDT, 8 June 2017 e-mail 222 shares 77 View comments Jessica Alba's Honest Company has agreed to shell out $1.55 million in a class action lawsuit settlement for misleading customers about omitting a chemical from their products. DailyMail.com has learned the Fantastic Four actress' company filed to settle a lawsuit claiming its laundry detergent, dish soap and multi-surface cleaner did not contain Sodium Lauryl Sulfate. Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, or SLS, is a common ingredient used in many household cleaners and can cause a rash in a high concentration.  The billion-dollar company boasts non-toxic products and sells at major retailers such as Walmart, Target and Bed, Bath and Beyond. Scroll down for video  Jessica Alba's brand 'The Honest Company' is no longer allowed to advertise soaps that contain Sodium Coco Sulfate as Sodium Lauryl Sulfate free Honest acknowledged its products contained a 'gentler alternative' to SLS called Sodium Coco Sulfate or SCS. However, the court documents note SLS is a component of SCS.   The lawsuit was pending for over a year until documents were filed June 5, revealing the company reached a settlement. In March 2016, the Wall Street Journal published a report which noted two independent labs found SLS in Honest's detergent. The company hit back on its website claiming 'the Journal clearly had the goal of harming the reputation and good will that we are so proud to have built here.' It claimed the paper never tested for SCS which is less processed than SLS. But over one year later, Honest filed to settle and pay out unhappy customers.  The settlement allows customers who bought the products to choose payment by check or in the form of credit usable for purchases at Honest.com. The credit back to Honest will be worth 1.5 times the dollar recovery amount. The company claimed Sodium Coco Sulfate was a gentler alternative to Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, but the plaintiffs note SLS is a component of SCS Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (SLS) vs Sodium Coco Sulfate (SCS) SLS is a common ingredient in household products that makes soap suds. The Honest Company said on their website 'even though both (SLS and SCS) are derived from coconut oil, their molecular makeup is quite different.' The Honest Company argued that both are derived from coconut oil, but SCS is more pure because it can only be made from raw coconut oil. On the other hand, SLS can be made from coconut oil through fractionation and distillation. It can also be refined by palm oil or petroleum. It also has smaller molecules that can penetrate the skin more easily and make it feel dry and itchy.  The plaintiffs contended that SLS, which is a 'known skin irritant', is a component of SCS. Therefore, the products weren't 'Honestly Free of SLS' as the label claimed. Sources:  Legal papers obtained by DailyMail.com and Honest.com The court documents go on to say: 'Under the Settlement, Class Members will be allowed to make claims without proof of purchase for Product purchases of up to $50.00. Class Members with valid proof of purchase will be able to file claim for purchases in excess of $50.00.' Any un-cashed settlement checks will be redistributed to the class members or donated to the skin research charity, the Dermatology Foundation Statement to DailyMail.com from The Honest Company    'We vigorously deny any and all allegations alleged in the lawsuit – specifically that any of our cleaning products contain SLS. However, given the fact that continued litigation could be protracted and expensive, we have settled this lawsuit to limit further costs and distraction to our business. We stand behind the safety and effectiveness of our products and the responsibility we have to our consumers, and are gratified by the loyalty of both our customers and retail partners. 'As a modern brand, we are always focused on progress and innovation and remain committed to making purposeful changes to update and improve our products. We are constantly listening to our customers, hearing their needs and desires, and making continual product upgrades for aesthetics and overall product experience. 'As part of that process, we will soon be launching a new breakthrough cleaning line, utilizing an advanced sugar-based surfactant technology to further improve the efficacy of our products.'  Per the settlement, Alba's company has agreed to reformulate the products to remove SCS and certify that the reformulated products do not contain SLS. Honest must also refrain from marketing products that contain SCS as being SLS free. In October the company said they would reformulate products to have a sugar-based surfactant technology.  The Honest Company hit back at the Wall Street Journal's study saying the paper has the goal of  harming the company's reputation and good will. However, it filed to settle a class action lawsuit that claimed the company misled customers by saying its products were SLS free The website claims the detergent is in fact 'made without: SLS, fragrances, dyes, chlorine, DEA, formaldehyde carriers, or optical brighteners.'  The website claims the detergent is in fact 'made without SLS' after promises to reformulate  The court documents state the company must change its advertising because the central allegation in the suit was to prevent future purchasers from being misled by Honest. Alba's company has been hit with several lawsuits pertaining to misleading marketing since it was founded in 2011. Honest was sued in 2016 for claiming its shampoo and body wash contained unnatural ingredients despite being labeled natural and non-toxic. The company denied the allegations saying they were 'baseless'. The company's sunscreen went viral the summer of 2015 when customers posted photos showing severe sunburns after using the product. The company was then hit with a $5 million lawsuit and also claimed the company used unnatural ingredients. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Detective tells how Andrea Constand¿s legs ¿turned to jelly¿... Saudi billionaire playboy Adnan Khashoggi - once the world's... First arrest over Trump leaks: Intelligence contractor, 25,... Share this article Share A 2016 lawsuit claiming the company wrongfully marketed baby food as organic was dismissed.  The judge has yet to sign off on the most recent settlement. Read more: A Message from The Honest Company - The Honest Company Blog Laundry Detergent From Jessica Alba¿s Honest Co. Contains Ingredient It Pledged to Avoid - WSJ Hypoallergenic Laundry Detergent | Laundry Soap | The Honest Company Share or comment on this article e-mail 222 shares Most watched News videos Sleeping baby can't control himself when he hears his favorite song Michelle Carter appears in court over 'encouraging suicide' 'Leave!': Man verbally abuses muslim girls in a restaurant TV reporter goes off on INSANELY vulgar tirade at police officer Kira the western lowland gorilla gives birth to baby at zoo CCTV captures a man who is slowly 'crushed' in an elevator Best anniversary surprise ever? Absent man impresses model wife The bed's too big without you: Cuddly kittens sleep together Ariana Grande performs in Paris as she re-starts world tour The bicycle thief: Step-dad steals bike to teach daughter lesson Emotional Jeff Brazier recounts telling his sons their mum is dead Body of alleged attacker lies outside Notre Dame Cathedral Shades of green: Alex Rodriguez never cheated on J. Lo... 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind':... EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney... MLB opens domestic violence investigation into Chicago... Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her... 'Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself':... COMEY: I LEAKED TOO! FBI director drops bombshell that he... Downgrading again?Jon Bon Jovi lists West Village duplex... Mother, 33, arrested for incest and her husband, 44, has... No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a... Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her... Girl, two, dies after contracting rare disease 'caused by... Shocking pictures of Hong Kong 'coffin homes' show... 'I want to burn the White House down': NSA leaker Reality... Incestuous half-siblings raped and abused two girls, 3... Horrifying moment a spider crawls out of a woman’s ear... Double trouble: Donald Trump Jr and brother Eric team up... Rock climber, 32, converts his transit van into an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 77 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber graduates high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia He is 17 Happily married! Miranda Kerr shows off her stunning wedding ring for the first time as she returns to the runway after marriage to Evan Spiegel Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Grabbed healthy drinks Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Very revealing display Suits you! Brad Pitt cuts a dapper figure in gray blazer and trousers for NYC premiere of Netflix film Okja Sported a goatee for the fancy Gotham premiere Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles The model donned the daring outfit Once a Playmate, ALWAYS a Playmate! Playboy calls on seven models in their 40s, 50s, and 60s to strip down and recreate their VERY sexy covers Lionel won't like this! Sofia Richie Facetimes with 'sex addict' Scott Disick as she touches down in LA...after revealing her father tracks her phone Elsa Pataky gives fans a sneak peek into the home she shares with Chris Hemsworth as she shows how she packs a suitcase... and it's not as organised as you would think! Hats off to her! Bella Hadid steps out in edgy all-white outfit while rocking personalized red beanie She stepped out in New York City  Mamma mia! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along The actress wife of American Pie star In bed with Sahara! Justin Bieber's rumored fling Ray poses TOPLESS as she reveals her G-string clad posterior in raunchy Instagram snap Curse of the crummy Mummy: Buried in cliches as old as the pyramids, Tom Cruise's monstrous remake is beyond redemption  Review Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front for 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation They split in June 2015, a day before their 10th wedding anniversary Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton The Hollywood legend looked every bit the movie star  Fitness trainer shares contrasting side-by-side photos of her toned abs AND her sagging stomach - in snaps taken just ONE minute apart Soccer mom! Charlize Theron carries a checkered ball while arriving to Jimmy Kimmel She did her best to fit the role on Thursday  Rebel Wilson's 'raw and candid' testimony during defamation trial is evidence that the Hollywood star is 'obviously not a serial liar' says lawyer So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala She's been sparring with her 'toxic' mother  'She's a blessing!' Heavily pregnant Laura Prepon reveals she and fiance Ben Foster are expecting a baby girl on Live With Kelly And Ryan Gender reveal She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops Play it (all) again, Diane! Keaton's AFI Lifetime Achievement gala draws A-listers in support of iconic actress' body of work The 71-year-old actress  New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free for a day out in NYC The 31-year-old looked fit and slender  No one is looking at the jewelry! Topless Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her chest while modeling new bling from Jacquie Aiche Victoria's Secret model 'I'm not telling you!' Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear in THAT Cannes red carpet moment 'It's not that bad': Amy Schumer dons denim mini-skirt and discusses split with Ben Hanisch at Hilarity for Charity The 36-year-old Emmy winner  'I want to do more than give up': DEAF singer who lost her hearing at 18 after a disease attacked her nerves stuns the America's Got Talent judges  'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  Explained: Why Khloe Kardashian may have hard time getting pregnant after fertility doctor reveals shocking news She has a lower follicle count 'They cut out everything': Alyson Hannigan reveals she was disappointed with the finale of How I Met Your Mother Original script changed 'I have to relive it all the time': Tearful Erin Andrews tells Megyn Kelly she can't forgive convicted stalker who videotaped her through hotel peephole  Reese Witherspoon dazzles in LBD as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony The 41-year-old looked gorgeous  The look that says she's single! Olivia Munn wears leather mini-skirt with sexy split in New York City... two months after Aaron Rodgers breakup Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan Oops!...I Did It Again singer  'Twice the blessing, twice the fun': The Bachelor's Vienna Girardi says she's expecting twins The Bachelor star took to Instagram  Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Dating since December Rebel Wilson defamation case twist: Hollywood actress now being SUED by a journalist she 'blasted on Twitter as total scum and a disgrace' Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film Love-all! Lindsey Vonn and her beau Kenan Smith cuddle up at the French Tennis Open in Paris  The 32-year-old Olympic gold medal skier Playing with fire! Lily Collins dazzles in elegant red gown as she attends star-studded Okja premiere At the film's premiere in New York City  Is she a big fan? Romee Strijd channels Britney Spears as she rocks crop top and hat during cosy outing with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she gets closer to her due date She's expecting a baby boy later this summer  No need for Privacy? Chris Brown covers huge wall on LA house with colorful graffiti artwork The bad boy's home is in Tarzana  'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Just like dad Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie She's famous for her fit figure 'They're going to be doctors and lawyers': Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi won't rule out Jersey Shore reboot... but says her kids won't be on TV Popular MTV show  Hot heiress! Paris Hilton dons leather pants and matching choker as she jets from LAX with beau Chris Zylka Loved up display Katy picks a fine time to grow up gracefully: New album Witness sees the pop princess come of age, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  Performed at One Love Red hot! Minka Kelly looks ready for summer in bright patterned sundress while out for coffee in LA without rumored beau Jesse Williams Isla Fisher pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show The 41-year-old SAG Award nominee A VERY special guest! Steve Irwin's son Robert, 13, helps Jimmy Fallon bottle-feed cute kangaroo joey on The Tonight Show Crocodile hunter dad The girl who stole Captain America's heart: Actor Chris Evans on the bond with ten-year-old actress who plays his niece in new movie Gifted Harry the Prince of hugs: SARAH VINE on how his embraces in moments of joy or sorrow are the most natural thing in the world  High five! Jennifer Lopez cheers on beau A-Rod's daughter Tashi, 12, as she sings for the pop star in sweet Instagram video Bonding Coming out swinging! Jay Z's streaming service Tidal to offer boxing movie starring TWO Oscar winners The 42-year-old rap mogul Stunning in scarlet! Princess Mary goes VERY glam in bright red stilettos and a Dolce & Gabbana dress after a whirlwind week of conference talks The Godfather tops new list of all-time greatest movies: Gangster epic beats The Empire Strikes Back in poll for film magazine A poll of 20,000 readers  Downgrading again?Jon Bon Jovi lists West Village duplex for $17million - just two years after he sold his previous NYC apartment for $34million What a drag! Sofia Richie, 18, keeps it casual cool in pink checked coat while puffing cigarette on New York stroll The 18-year-old model  Dynasty living! Joan Collins lists 'Hollywood glamour' condo for a cool $4.5million She isn't messing around with the price of her West Hollywood condo  Rachel Weisz looks effortlessly stylish in a plunging ivory gown as she makes glamorous appearance on UK TV show She is 47 I wanted to be the Night Manager - until I lost my hair! Hugh Laurie reveals why he didn't play the hero in the TV blockbuster - and he can't stop teasing Tom Hiddleston about 007  Hand in hand! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell put on loving display as they take a casual stroll in LA The actress and the Victoria's Secret Angel  Cat Deeley looks effortlessly chic in a silk polka dot blouse and skinny jeans as she steps out in style in New York City In the Big Apple 'I will never sleep again': Movie villain Ben Mendelsohn performs rendition of The Lion King to radio host... and makes it sound absolutely terrifying Boho babe Nikki Reed shows off growing baby bump in style while enjoying lunch with husband Ian Somerhalder Donned shades 'You consistently lie... toxic!': Ariel Winter slams estranged mother Chrystal Workman who told her to 'grow up, dress properly' Actress took to Twitter  RHONY star Jules Wainstein's estranged husband facing jail time after failing to pay child support and expenses Michael has been ordered to appear in court  Richard's Norman conquest: Gere is perfectly cast in the title role of this compelling gem of a film, writes BRIAN VINER  Review Slam dunk! Kris Humphries sells Beverly Hills bachelor pad for $8.25M The 32-year-old ex of Kim Kardashian unloaded his California property She pulls it off! Vanessa Hudgens flashes Britney Spears-style diamond belly piercing with help of Adidas crop top as she carries two coffee drinks Katy Perry accuses former friend Taylor Swift of 'character assassination' after writing hit single Bad Blood about their bitter feud What a trailblazer! David Beckham looks incredibly dapper in a pinstripe navy suit as he makes a slick exit from The Late Late Show with James Corden 'Our first pic ever!' Bristol Palin shares throwback image with now-husband Dakota Meyer back in 2015 when they were just 'babies' Easy does it! Salma Hayek gets help from a gentleman as she tries to navigate a NYC sidewalk in her towering $1,690 Gucci platform heels Stopping to smell the roses! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin enjoy morning stroll together Actor's yoga pro wife flaunted her amazing legs in shorts and heels 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind': Courtney Love attacks Palestinian women's rights activist in Twitter tirade calling her 'anti-American' That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with UK reality stars It's Shoe Grant! British actor Hugh participates in an Australian drinking tradition as he downs alcohol from his footwear during a wild night out Ever wonder how Victoria Beckham always looks so POSH? FEMAIL reveals the designer's chic fashion formula and how to get her fuss-free look 'We're just here for funsies!': Mike Myers is unrecognizable in first trailer for revived The Gong Show 'This summer, a legend returns... and a legend arrives' Mary J Blige ordered to pay ex Martin Isaacs $30k per month in spousal support... $100k less than he wanted Singer filed for divorce from Isaacs last year Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her healthier figure a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss 'We laughed about it!' Jerry Seinfeld says Kesha was nice after THAT awkward interaction... but he still didn't hug her He is 63 Leo, look at what you're missing! Nina Agdal looks stunning as she poses in a wedding dress for ad campaign, weeks after splitting from Leonardo DiCaprio EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Alba's Honest Company agrees to pay $1.55 million class action settlement after claims of 'dishonest' advertising  On the town! Sober Brad Pitt is seen leaving LA concert with energy drink in hand after admitting he 'was boozing too much' Night out for star Jessica Alba and husband Cash Warren celebrate daughter Honor's birthday...as Honest Company agrees to pay $1.5M in lawsuit They've been together for a decade  These summer beauty tips are heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Sara Sampaio reveals how to look flawless from sunrise to sunset at the beach : Size 22 model Tess Holliday shares throwback images from when her partner Nick proposed in a photo booth in honor of his birthday She's irresistible! Joanna Krupa dazzles in tiny low-cut LBD at dinner in Los Angeles... and her new beau Nico Santucci can't keep his lips off her Camera ready! Kate Upton is fresh-faced as she heads to photo shoot in striped pants and tank top Model looked flawless in Los Angeles  Diamonds are forever! Lily James exudes Old Hollywood glamour in a figure-hugging Bardot gown as she poses elegantly at jewelry opening EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her estranged NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid their $120 million divorce Revealed: Taylor Swift and Beyonce BOTH burst into tears backstage after Kanye West's infamous MTV VMA stage invasion Ex MTV chief reveals all 'It was daunting': Cindy Crawford says turning 50 'was really hard' as she shows off model physique in white swimsuit for DuJour Iconic supermodel Pretty in pink! Camila Cabello shows off flirty side in bright fuchsia crop top while promoting new single in NYC Ex Fifth Harmony singer  Michael Caine's $8.7million luxury apartment in Miami goes up for sale equipped with four bedrooms, media room and stunning beach views  'I don't know who's in control': Naomi Watts shares girl-on-girl kiss as she lives double life in steamy trailer for new series Gypsy She plays a therapist  Naked shoulders! Lea Michele flashes one of her 14 tattoos as she displays cleavage in clever black top at TV event in Canada Former Glee star 'Never trust a big butt': Blac Chyna leaves curious message along with sultry snaps after Mehgan James is linked to Rob Kardashian Displayed sideboob Beaming Liam Payne meets fans in London... after confessing he's getting a full seven hours of sleep a night since welcoming baby Bear with Cheryl Why so shy? Kendall Jenner's pool pal who is likely beau A$AP Rocky covers his head as the couple go for a dip at stunning mansion in Los Angeles Michelle Williams is '70s chic in a sleeveless two-piece and brunette locks as she continues to shoot kidnap drama with Mark Wahlberg in Rome 'She is facing greatest challenge of her life': Kris Jenner calls on followers to pray for cancer-stricken cousin Cici Bussey ahead of stem cell transplant Cover girl takes the plunge! Shay Mitchell models low-cut tank top at Florida party celebrating her issue of Ocean Drive Pretty Little Liars' star Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her belly bump in a teal two-piece as she posts throwback snap from her Thailand baby-moon  Went on Instagram  Blondes unite! Kristen Stewart, Chelsea Handler and January Jones make a glamorous stand against gun violence at gala MLB opens domestic violence probe into Chicago Cubs shortstop Addison Russell after wife's pal wrote that the player hit his spouse after claims he cheated 'I don't have a boyfriend': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old in sweet video 'I love you so much': Kim Kardashian wishes husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday as Kris Jenner calls him a 'beautiful soul' Big day for rapper 'It's hard being an actress over 25': Reese Witherspoon admits she feels 'liberated' in her forties as she continues to fight for female importance in Hollywood 'Wearing the same Gucci suit I wore to his Christening': Elle Macpherson looks proud at her 14-year-old son Aurelius's middle school graduation Cosby admitted he gave Constand pills on the night of the alleged sexual assault and they 'petted and fondled' - though he insists they never had intercourse  The baby is here! Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he 'can't stop crying' after fiancée Kayla Rae Reid welcomes son Caiden Zane The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider Reunited at last! Melania and Barron moving into White House from Trump Tower NEXT WEEK as the family finally settles Washington DC 'Taking rest in the jungle': Kate Hudson shares a selfie from Cambodia as she explores country with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa Former NBA star Chris Webber reveals he's finally a father to TWINS after 'many years of trying' and 'more than a few heartbreaks'  Welcomed boy and girl 'Fat feminist lesbian' Beth Ditto slams critics who say curvy models like Ashley Graham aren't 'fat enough', insisting people need to 'quit being mean' Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem claim university researchers Late night? Hugh Grant, 56, stifles a yawn as he joins his girlfriend Anna Eberstein, 35, to watch French Open tennis tournament at Roland Garros in Paris Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her sensational bronzed physique in a thigh-skimming blue floral playsuit in Ibiza Enjoying Spanish sun  'Many more dates to be added': Lorde announces Australian and New Zealand Melodrama tour dates ahead of album release 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original Hanging out in the Hamptons! Marla Maples joins daughter Tiffany Trump and beau Ross for sushi date at the beach with Real Housewife Jill Zarin 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown cements her status as a style star by rocking THOSE clear-knee jeans while hanging out with pal Maddie Ziegler Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres Mamma mia! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen keep casual in jeans and sneakers on the set of Little Italy They play young lovers  'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  Spain's Queen Letizia displays her VERY toned arms in a sleeveless top teamed with slim-fitting trousers in Madrid  Stylish mother-of-two  Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Fox cancels 24: Legacy after just a single season... but wants to reboot it as an anthology Eric Carter fired after a single day on the job Button up! As Rachel Weisz and Hailey Baldwin make a stylish splash in shirtdresses, FEMAIL finds 24 of the prettiest options available to shop now Salma Hayek pays tribute to her late friend Prince on his birthday with a slogan jumper and love-heart glasses as she leaves her New York hotel  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Everybody's doing it! Hugh Jackman braves sub-zero temperatures for cryotherapy treatment The Wolverine star, 48, posted video of himself Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  Beautiful British royal Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at star-studded art gallery bash in London 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung pants as she arrives at LAX Victoria's Secret model is dating Kristen Stewart 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off The name's balls... Goldenballs! David Beckham emulates James Bond in sneak peek at appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed     DON'T MISS Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig 'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  Today's headlines Most Read 'I want to burn the White House down': NSA leaker Reality Winner, 25, is DENIED bail as prosecutors claim... Married father-of-two, 42, to receive $10.75MILLION from Key West resort after being left paralyzed from the... 'Read it or I'll kick your a**': Uber CEO 'sent bizarre email to staff explaining conditions under which... Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival... MAY REFUSES TO QUIT: PM defies Corbyn's call to resign and vows to stay on for 'stability' after public... 'This is the result markets feared': Nervous investors watch the stock market and pound, as election... Knives out for Theresa: May is told to consider QUITTING by her own side as Tory MPs go public about her... The whole of Brexit is at risk: Farage warns UK faces 2nd referendum  Bit of a boob! Corbyn accidentally slaps Emily Thornberry's breast after bungled high five  BREAKING NEWS: Former FBI director James Comey told senators behind closed doors that Attorney General Jeff... Trump lawyer opens up on Comey with both barrels as he accuses him of leaking 'privileged' information to... What Comey REFUSED to tell us: How the truth about the dirty dossier and the latest on the Flynn probe are... Comey knifes Loretta Lynch too: Ex-FBI boss reveals Obama's attorney general ordered him NOT to call Hillary... Hillary Clinton misses the Comey show to deliver commencement speech in Brooklyn where she invoked her... COMEY: I LEAKED TOO! FBI director drops bombshell that he 'got his version out' after he was fired in... Call me SAINT James! FBI's fired Comey uses his testimony to compare himself to medieval martyr St Thomas à... He didn't know any better! House Speaker Paul Ryan says Trump did not mean to break protocol by speaking to... Sorry my questions to Comey were so poor, I was up watching baseball: John McCain's bizarre excuse for... Jared Kushner will face questioning from Senate Intelligence Committee this month in Russia probe, sources... 'The president is NOT a liar': White House's unprecedented statement after Comey repeatedly accuses... Columbia law professor who was asked by pal James Comey to leak memo about Donald Trump goes into hiding Donald Trump Jr, Richard Burr and Henry II? The winners and losers from Comey's drama-filled testimony I wish I'd gone to dinner with my wife instead of the president: Comey's one big regret as he reveals... Shocking moment woman, 67, distracted by her phone suffers serious injuries when she plunges through an open... Roman Polanski's sex victim to appear in court for the first time ever on Friday to plea on his behalf in... Trust fund kid, 31, 'recorded himself repeatedly drugging and raping two unconscious women in Manhattan... 'Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself': Teenage girl suggested ways for her boyfriend to kill... Alabama man, 46, refuses last meal before being executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a... Incestuous half-siblings raped and abused two girls, 3 and 8, in their trailer home for months until the... MORE HEADLINES Was there no in-flight movie then? Stunned Ryanair passengers stare open-mouthed as couple romp on Manchester to Ibiza flight  COMEY: I LEAKED TOO! FBI director drops bombshell that he 'got his version out' after he was fired in devastating testimony calling Trump a LIAR who he felt ordered him to CLEAR Flynn but dodges whether the president obstructed justice Outrage as Saudi Arabia's football team SNUBS a minute's silence for London Bridge terror victims ahead of World Cup qualifier against Australia because 'it is not in keeping with their culture'  ISIS-supporting news agency tells Muslims to avoid 'gathering places of the Crusaders' as fanatics plan to 'explode, run over people and cut their necks any time'  Mother, 33, arrested for incest and her husband, 44, has been accused of aiding EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her estranged NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid their $120 million divorce MLB opens domestic violence investigation into Chicago Cubs shortstop Addison Russell after his wife's friend wrote that the player hit his spouse on Instagram post claiming he was unfaithful  Woman who gave birth to her own BROTHER: Daughter has baby with stepdad so her mother can be a parent again at 47 (even though she already has five kids)  Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  MAY REFUSES TO QUIT: PM defies Corbyn's call to resign and vows to stay on for 'stability' after public punishes her for calling unnecessary election and a shocking campaign. UK heading for HUNG Parliament and chaos over Brexit  'I want to burn the White House down': NSA leaker Reality Winner, 25, is DENIED bail as prosecutors claim she may have stolen more top secret information, was fascinated with Islamic terrorism and planned to play the 'pretty, white girl' card in court Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to him personally  EXCLUSIVE: Daughter, 31, shot millionaire Stephen King television drama producer and left him naked and dying in pool of blood after he tried to evict her from family home Angry passenger who asked 'Is it because I am black?' after his outburst left Ryanair check-in worker in tears is barred from flight and reported to police Vigilantes strike back: Suspected ISIS members are found blindfolded, bound and shot dead in mass execution by the side of a road near Mosul Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her healthier figure a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss 'Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself': Teenage girl suggested ways for her boyfriend to kill himself in texts - as court hears him speak from beyond the grave about his depression in video diaries Incestuous half-siblings raped and abused two girls, 3 and 8, in their trailer home for months until the 'feral' children were rescued covered in cockroaches and surrounded by guns and porn Girl, two, dies after contracting rare disease 'caused by tick bite' while playing outside as her devastated family issue a warning to others Shades of green: Alex Rodriguez never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider Double trouble: Donald Trump Jr and brother Eric team up to attack James Comey on Twitter - while their father resists the urge to tweet from White House dining room REVEALED: Supermarket worker who shot his three colleagues dead and then killed himself after barricading the store filmed a dry run one day before the attack and said 'goodbye worthless humans' in an eerie note  'Let the games begin b****!!' Body builder shoots dead his married ex-lover and her son, six, before turning gun on himself after posting bizarre threatening messages on social media in the days before the murders  Married father-of-two, 42, to receive $10.75MILLION from Key West resort after being left paralyzed from the neck down when he dove into shallow water from a Tiki Bar deck  Trump lawyer opens up on Comey with both barrels as he accuses him of leaking 'privileged' information to reporters and confirms the president was never under investigation  Shocking moment 19-year-old rapper is KNOCKED OUT with a punch to the face while performing on stage in San Diego sparking a mass brawl Moment Florida grandfather, 63, shoots dead 12-foot python as it strangles one of his goats 'In their eyes the attackers are martyrs': Islamic sheikh claims Saudi Arabian team refused minute's silence for London terror victims because under Sharia law 'it's not a sin for a Muslim to kill a non-believer' 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind': Courtney Love attacks Palestinian women's rights activist in Twitter tirade calling her 'anti-American', an 'anti-Semite', and a 'fraud'  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Thursday, June 8, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon County court Thursday, June 8, 2017 By Den McLaughlin dmclaughlin@tnonline.com Six defendants in pending criminal cases entered guilty pleas in Carbon County court on Friday before Judge Joseph J. Matika. Palmerton theft Shawn Jeffrey Reinhart, 35, of Palmerton, pleaded to one count of receiving stolen property. He was arrested by Palmerton police on Jan. 29 at the Rite Aid pharmacy along Delaware Avenue. He was one of four arrested for shoplifting at the store. Sentencing was transferred to Judge Steven R. Serfass, who has another proceeding involving Reinhart, which is scheduled for sentencing later this month. Other pleas Leslie Leonard Schull III, 43, of Nesquehoning, pleaded to one count of simple assault. He was arrested on Nov. 24, 2016, at aWest Bertsch Street residence, by Lansford police involving a domestic dispute with his girlfriend. He admitted assaulting her. He was recently sentenced on another matter involving the same female victim. Matika placed him on probation for a year, concurrent with the other case, and ordered him to render 50 hours of community service and have no contact with the victim. Tammu Jean Heiserman, 41, of Palmerton, pleaded in two pending cases to one count each of theft of services and retail theft. She was arrested on the theft of services charge on June 1, 2016, by Weatherly police. The borough electric department discontinued electrical service at a Lauderburn Street property where Heiserman was living at the time because of nonpayment of a bill. After a few days the workers returned to the property and found that the service had been reconnected. The retail theft occurred on June 27, 2016, at the Walmart store in Mahoning Township. On the retail theft charge Matika placed her on probation for 18 months and ordered her to make restitution to Walmart for $158.08 and render 75 hours of community service. On the second count she was placed on probation for the same term, concurrent, and ordered her to make restitution to Weatherly borough for $305.31. Jessie Lee James, 46, of Jim Thorpe, pleaded to one count of false identification to law enforcement. He was charged by Kidder Township police for an incident on April 27 during a vehicle stop. He gave police a false name. He said he did it because he knew there was a warrant for his arrest out of New York. Matika placed him on probation for a year and ordered he render 50 hours of community service. Jarelyn Rivera, 20, of Allentown, pleaded to one count of retail theft. She was arrested on Feb. 21 by Mahoning Township police at the Walmart store. There are two co-defendants in the case. Matika placed her on probation for a year and ordered her to make restitution to Walmart of $138.11, her share, render 50 hours of community service and stay out of the store. Jessalyn Maree Rider, 24, of Lehighton, pleaded to one count of retail theft. She was arrested on Jan. 15 at the Walmart store in Mahoning Township. She pushed a cart full of items out the front door without paying for the items. Matika placed her on probation for a year and ordered her to make restitution of $455.05 to Walmart, render 50 hours of community service and stay out of the store. Each defendant sentenced must also pay court costs of about $1,000 and a $50 per month supervision fee while on probation or parole. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Arts Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Arts Performing Arts Visual Arts Classical Music Books Architecture Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Patrick T. Fallon How novelist Merritt Tierce left Texas to become a staff writer for 'Orange Is the New Black' Filed under Books at 14 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Christopher Mosley, Special Contributor Connect with Christopher Mosley Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now LOS ANGELES — North Texas' Merritt Tierce became one of the most promising writers in American literature of the past decade when her debut novel, Love Me Back, was released to almost universal acclaim in 2014.  Following the book’s success, Tierce wrote for venerable publications such as The New York Times and The Paris Review. While it’s easy to assume that the life of such a visible writer must be a luxurious one, Tierce candidly fought back against that cliche. In an essay for Marie Claire, she revealed that she took a job as a letter carrier in order to make ends meet. Surfing through residencies is a favorite pastime of writers and artists who find themselves sometimes underemployed by a society that often doesn’t know what to do with its most talented citizens. Tierce had completed four residencies, was getting ready to embark on her fifth, and had plans for a sixth when she got the news. “I was driving around Denton, and I just started screaming in my car,” she says, laughing. The news was a text message from her agent, asking if she wanted to move to Los Angeles and become a staff writer for Orange Is the New Black. The time between a text and the first day of a dream job can drag on, however. “But then it took another month actually for an official offer to be made,” Tierce said. “So I was just kind of sitting on it that whole time. I went ahead to my next residency, because I wasn’t totally sure it was going to happen. I have two kids in Denton and I had to make sure things were OK with their dad, so there were a lot of logistics to work out.” Author Merritt Tierce poses for a portrait next to tourists taking pictures near the Hollywood sign.  (Patrick T. Fallon/Special Contributor ) On top of all of the big unanswered questions Tierce faced as she waited for her fate to materialize, she was still recovering from the dissolution of her second marriage, which occurred late last year. “I'm not really sure how to answer that one,” Tierce says when pressed on the issue. “There's some relief — as in, I may not have the relationship anymore but at least I have this huge break in my career — and that does help me deal with the loss in a way, by at least providing some buoyancy and a whole new set of experiences to focus on,” she says. “But in other ways it amplifies the loss, since I'm not sharing those new experiences with anyone the way I would have before.” A chance encounter at one of Tierce’s many residencies is where everything changed. She met Orange Is the New Black creator, showrunner and executive producer, Jenji Kohan, while spending time at the MacDowell Colony in Peterborough, N.H. The staggering list of 6,000 past MacDowell fellows includes Leonard Bernstein, James Baldwin and Alice Walker. Fiction review: ‘Love Me Back,’ by Merritt Tierce Kohan also created the series Weeds for Showtime, and her upcoming GLOW — based on the campy 1980s female wrestling show, Glamorous Ladies of Wrestling — will appear on Netflix in June. Judging by Kohan’s track record and the fact that O.I.T.N.B. is often said to be the highest-rated series on Netflix (the brand doesn’t do traditional Nielsen ratings or give out numbers of any kind), her streak is likely to continue. Author Merritt Tierce  (Patrick T. Fallon/ Special to The Dallas Morning News) Tierce explains that she was not hitting up the decorated producer for work, but rather that some of their personal philosophies were aligned. The offer came as a shock. “I was trying very hard to not be the person who is fawning over her,” Tierce says. “It certainly didn’t occur to me to ask her if I could work on her show. ... This was still a complete surprise to me. I told her I was interested in writing for television and trying to figure out how to get into that world, but I have no experience. We definitely have a lot of issue interests and kinetic interests in common.” Merritt Tierce can't make a living as a writer. Here's why you should care When asked what those issues are, Tierce replied: “Feminism and radicalized women. Abortion. Being a woman. Being an outsider in some ways, I guess.” Tierce left Kohan a copy of her book before returning to Denton for two weeks. She then started on what would be her final residency, at Willapa Bay, which is in a remote peninsula in the Pacific Northwest. She spent much of her time around “oyster people,” as she describes it; mollusc harvesting takes place nearby. The classes were small, sometimes only six people, and everyone at the residency has dinner together, every night. The intimacy of such surroundings can lead to some awkward moments. “This has also happened on every residency that I’ve done: People will read my book while I’m there and that’s always actually really strange,” Tierce says. “It’s strange to walk past someone who’s reading your book, but it’s gratifying, too, that they are taking the time, taking the time out of their own very precious residency to read my work. But I think it takes longer to read someone’s book than [to] look at someone’s paintings.” Local novelist Merritt Tierce turns pain into literary pleasure On that last point, the author welcomed the chance to spend time with people who weren’t writers. “I like being around visual artists and filmmakers. I feel, I guess, extra invigorated by people who are working in other media,” says Tierce. “I think that’s probably just because it’s hard or boring for writers to talk about their work sometimes.” The subject isn’t broached as she makes it clear that it would likely be in vain to ask Tierce specifically about her own writing. Discussing her work is “just kind of laborious,” she says. While residencies often take place in small enclaves, that aspect is something to which Tierce is accustomed. She grew up in “little [expletive] towns all over Texas.”   “I grew up some in Abilene and some in Sweetwater and then I guess I spent the biggest chunk of time in this place called Gatesville, which is west of Waco,” Tierce says. It was in that final location that a beautiful synergy or twist of fate revealed itself compared to where Tierce now finds herself in life. “There’s nothing there except a prison, a state women’s prison,” Tierce says of Gatesville. “It’s pretty close to Fort Hood, the army base. When I lived there, there was a Wal-Mart and a McDonald’s, and everyone who lived there worked at the prison or was in the army.” The relocation from Washington State oyster bays to the hills of Hollywood was a sudden one.   Love Me Back By Merrit Tierce 224 pages (Courtesy photo/Doubleday) “I ended up getting the offer on a Friday while I was in the Pacific Northwest and flying to L.A. on a Sunday, and starting work on a Monday. It happened very fast, and I didn’t go home or anything first. So I had to leave that residency a few days early,” Tierce says. “And then I had to cancel a bunch of other upcoming commitments that I had, but this is so exactly what I want to be doing right now, so there wasn’t really a question about whether or not I wanted to do it.” The writer’s own television habit didn’t start until approximately 2006. “I didn’t watch TV growing up, really,” Tierce says. “I was pretty sheltered and also just not that interested in watching TV.” When asked to give an example of a great television writer, Tierce instead mentions the overall writing quality of The Wire. Her new familiarity with the inner workings of how a series is written helped illuminate her opinion. “I watch a [expletive]-ton of TV, so there are a lot of shows that I’m into. But it’s hard to tell when you’re looking at the credits on a show; it’s hard to tell exactly who wrote it,” Tierce says. “There are 12 people in our writers' room, and I assume most writers' rooms are like that. I’m sure some are smaller but still, it’s a collaborative effort.” When Tierce lists off the shows her fellow writers have worked on, it’s enough to give any new employee pause: “Weeds, Grey's Anatomy, Narcos, Billions, Mad Men, In Treatment, Girls, 30 Rock, Community, BoJack Horseman, Degrassi, Bones and many other shows,” she says. Podcast reveals Texas authors’ strange episodes The writing-by-committee has been a shift in what is often a very lonely profession. “We sit around a conference table, some of us in chairs and some on exercise balls, in a room with whiteboard walls (meaning the walls are painted with whiteboard paint, so you can write anywhere, on any wall), and talk about the show all day,” says Tierce. “Down the middle of the table is a legit smorgasbord of adult coloring books, kinetic sand, fidget spinners, markers, Theraputty, and basically anything else a creative person might want to fiddle with while working out an idea.” The process takes place at Netflix’s most recent location, as well as an off-site Orange Is the New Black office. “Netflix just moved into a stunning new building on Sunset Boulevard, and this was my first day of work: watching all of season five of O.I.T.N.B (all 13 episodes, one after another), along with all the other writers and a few producers, in a screening room called The Upside Down (a nod to Netflix's original show Stranger Things),” says Tierce. “But Orange actually has its own offices in a different building in LA, where we've met every day since.” “Yeah, it’s so strange and new and weird in a lot of ways,” Tierce says. She describes her new schedule as “embarrassingly normal.” It’s Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. In this April 22, 2011 photo, the exterior of Netflix headquarters is shown in Los Gatos, Calif.  (Paul Sakuma/AP) In this photo taken Wednesday, July 10, 2013, invited guests view the debut of the new series "Orange is the new black" at Netflix headquarters in Los Gatos, Calif.  (Michael Liedtke/AP) In this Thursday, July 11, 2013, photo, Chris Jaffe, Netflix VP of Product Innovation, pops the cork on a champagne bottle after the debut of the new series "Orange is the new black" in Los Gatos, Calif.  (Michael Liedtke/AP) A new life in Los Angeles has been a welcome adjustment. She marvels at the urban hiking, with Runyon Canyon, known for its celebrity sightings, only a 20-minute walk from her house. “I understand how some people become enamored of the Texas landscape, but I never have been much,” Tierce says. “I want mountains, and I sort of have been trying to get there for a long time. So, I’m pretty excited about that.” The bicoastal fascination with Texas is something that Tierce both dismisses and acknowledges. “It probably helps me get a spot. I think it’s sort of added value in a way. Tiny added value. We’ve been talking a lot about how Texas is prison-crazy and also detention center-crazy. I’m aware of that.” Tierce hopes her work and experience on the topic of abortion, “and the politics surrounding abortion,” will inform her contributions to O.I.T.N.B.  “I’m really hoping I can bring that to the show more than Texas,” Tierce says. “The other writers in the room are so experienced and so talented that I’m just happy to be learning from them and I don’t have an agenda to force myself. I’m trying to learn from them and add anything small that might be useful.”  Editor's note: Christopher Mosley is a freelance writer and former Dallas Morning News digital producer  View Comments Tags Books Arts People Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Arts More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
null
News Sports Business Food Alert 68° Full Menu Alert 68° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Clay County sheriff’s authorities arrested two persons following a brief car chase that started when one of the individuals struck a sheriff’s deputy with his vehicle while fleeing. Clay County Sheriff’s Office Clay County sheriff’s authorities arrested two persons following a brief car chase that started when one of the individuals struck a sheriff’s deputy with his vehicle while fleeing. Clay County Sheriff’s Office Crime June 08, 2017 1:09 PM Two arrested after Clay County deputy is struck by fleeing vehicle By Glenn E. Rice grice@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Clay County sheriff’s authorities arrested two persons following a brief car chase that started when one of the individuals struck a sheriff’s deputy with his vehicle while fleeing. Deputies responded to a report of suspicious activity in the parking lot of the Walmart at Missouri 152 and North Church Road in Kansas City, North. When the deputy approached the vehicle, the driver put the car in reverse and struck the deputy, knocking him to the ground. The motorist struck the deputy’s patrol car while driving out of the parking lot, said Jon Bazzano, spokesman for the sheriff’s office. 2 in custody at 152 & I-35 after chase. Deputy and his car struck by the suspect vehicle. Deputy being checked by EMS. pic.twitter.com/OJfYRbCEri— Clay County Sheriff (@SheriffClayCo) June 8, 2017 A brief vehicle pursuit ended at Missouri 152 and Interstate 35, where the suspects drove into a wooden area behind the store and were taken into custody, Bazzano said. Car suspects were in is stolen. They knocked the deputy to the ground with the car when they fled, then rammed patrol car. pic.twitter.com/ZkqUa4Ruae— Clay County Sheriff (@SheriffClayCo) June 8, 2017 The vehicle driven by the suspects was reported stolen from Kansas City. The deputy was treated at the scene. The incident remains under investigation. 2 in custody at 152 & I-35 after chase. Deputy and his car struck by the suspect vehicle. Deputy being checked by EMS. pic.twitter.com/OJfYRbCEri— Clay County Sheriff (@SheriffClayCo) June 8, 2017 Glenn E. Rice: 816-234-4341, @GRicekcstar LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 hours ago Watch robbery suspect strike cashier in face with handgun 1:09 10 hours ago Watch robbery suspect strike cashier in face with handgun 1:40 2 days ago Tips to safeguard your home from burglars 0:30 3 days ago Sledgehammer-wielding thieves rob Louisburg, Kan., convenience store View More Video Crime 19-year-old man accused of burglarizing Pathway Church of Raymore More details emerge about three KC men killed in shooting Wednesday Liberty lawyer accused of online sex crimes with someone he thought was a teen girl Surveillance video captures armed robber striking a cashier in the face with handgun Three plead guilty to smuggling 620,000 cartons of cigarettes from KC to New York Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from Birmingham Domestic violence charge against former Alabama running back Trent Richardson dismissed Updated on June 8, 2017 at 2:22 PM Posted on June 8, 2017 at 1:11 PM 4 Gallery: Trent Richardson in 4 Uniforms By Carol Robinson crobinson@al.com A domestic violence charge against former Alabama running back Trent Richardson was dismissed on Wednesday night, his lawyer confirmed to AL.com. Richardson, represented by attorneys Eric Guster and Stephen Shaw, showed up for Hoover Municipal Court Wednesday. His ex-girlfriend Sevina Fatu, who is the mother of his four children and is charged in Florida with trying to harm Richardson, did not show up for the city trial. And independent witness testified that Richardson was not the aggressor in the case. "He was completely innocent of it,'' Guster told AL.com Thursday. Richardson was arrested Feb. 16, and charged with third-degree domestic violence. Hoover police responded at 8:04 p.m. that night to a 911 call reporting a possible domestic disturbance at the Hyatt Place Hotel on John Hawkins Parkway. A second call was received at 8:05 p.m., reporting yelling coming from one of the guest rooms, said Hoover police Capt. Gregg Rector. Responding officers arrived on scene at 8:08 p.m. and were escorted to the source of the disturbance by a hotel employee. Officers were able to make contact with an adult male - later identified as Richardson - and an adult female - Fatu - who were involved in a domestic altercation, Rector said at the time. After interviewing both of them, officers determined the two had been arguing earlier while at the Walmart on John Hawkins Parkway. The dispute then apparently continued after they arrived back at the hotel. At some point the situation turned physical, Rector said, and the female sustained injuries - scratches and bruising - to her face. Hoover Fire Department paramedics were dispatched to check the victim's injuries. She was treated on the scene and required no further medical attention. A hotel guest called 911, as did a hotel employee. A month after the Hoover incident, Fatu was arrested and charged with two counts of aggravated battery and one count of criminal mischief for allegedly ramming a Mercedes-Benz SUV into a car containing Richardson and another victim. Richardson told the Escambia County Sheriff's Office that Fatu had told him, "If I can't have you, no one can," according to a police report. Richardson in March spoke public for the first time since he was charged in February, telling AL.com he was not guilty of the charge against him "What's out there isn't the truth," Richardson said. "I swear I didn't hit her." He said Fatu jumped on him, started punching him and ripped out at least two of his dreadlocks. Those scratches and bruises, Richardson said, were a result of him trying to push Fatu away as she punched him and ripped at his hair. "I was trying to walk away from the situation," Richardson said. "I would never hit a female. I look down on people that hit females. I grew up seeing stuff like that in my house. I've had family members go through that, and that's something I would never do. There are certain things I can't get into because it's an ongoing case, but it's very important to me that people know my side of the story and at least know that I would never hit a female no matter what the situation is." Richardson, who played parts of four seasons in the NFL with the Cleveland Browns and Indianapolis Colts, was released last August after a knee injury prevented him from seeing the field. He remains unsigned by any NFL team. Richardson was sued for assault by two women in 2013, but was not charged. Richardson accounted for 3,860 yards of offense and 42 touchdowns in his college career at Alabama. He finished third in Heisman voting in 2011. Efforts to reach Hoover city court officials weren't immediately successful. Guster said he's pleased the charge was dismissed. "A couple of weeks into the case, we felt this would be the result based on our own investigation," Guster said. "He's moving on with his life.'' View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
The Western Producer Search for: Sections Site links SUBSCRIBE TO FREE ENEWS! Classifieds Subscriptions Digital editions Contact All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Home /  News /  News /  Equipment maker says foreign workers essential Equipment maker says foreign workers essential Posted Jun. 8th, 2017 by Karen Briere Honey Bee Manufacturing says it cannot find enough local labourers who are willing to work in the remote area FRONTIER, Sask. — Henry Fehr describes the location of Honey Bee Manufacturing in very concrete terms.  It’s 100 miles from everywhere, he said, referring to the location in Frontier.  “One hundred miles from the nearest traffic light, 100 miles from the nearest Tim Hortons, 100 miles from the nearest McDonald’s and 100 miles from Wal-Mart.”  For an employer of about 200, in a village with a population of 372, that is a problem.  Fehr is the human resources manager for the company. He said without employees he finds through the Saskatchewan Immigrant Nominee Program the company would have a tough time finding the skilled labour it needs.  This spring, 38 employees from the Philippines were working at the plant, which makes combine headers.  Others are from Ukraine, Pakistan, India and Syria. There have been workers from Russia, Central America, Brazil, France and Turkey.  “We have our own English as a Second Language program most times,” Fehr said.  He personally greets each family at the airport when they arrive, takes them for groceries and drives them to their new home. Housing is free for the first while until the new employee has had time to settle in.  Through the SINP, the employer covers the recruitment costs.  ADVERTISMENT “All of the people that we hire will get permanent residency,” Fehr said.  General manager Jamie Pegg said the decision was made eight years ago to increase hiring from other countries to have enough welders, assembly line workers and engineers.  “The bottom line is we did not have enough people with the right skill sets,” he said.  Pegg said part of the issue is generational.  “Over the last five years, the population of the area has stayed about the same,” he said. “Over the previous 20 years, there was a generation of people that moved away.”  The energy sector took a lot of available workers, and as agriculture became more profitable family members returned to the farm.  While about 80 percent of workers are still local, the manufacturer could not function without its immigrant workers.  They have been a boon in many ways. The 2016 census figures showed a population increase in Frontier of 21 over 2011 numbers.  The Filipinos have thrown themselves into Canadian winters and their new lifestyle.   ADVERTISMENT The school population is stable and locals have welcomed the opportunity to learn about new cultures and customs.  “We made the choice to look to an area that we foresaw was going to form a community,” Pegg said.  Still, not everyone stays. Fehr said the Filipinos place a high priority on education and some will leave for that reason.  Honey Bee may have brought the workers to Canada but they can’t make them stay with the company after they have permanent residency status.  “Human resources is a challenge pretty well everywhere today,” Pegg said, geography notwithstanding.  They are seeing a small shift in that some people are looking to get out of the cities and would consider moving to Frontier.  “Working here in some ways is a lifestyle choice,” Pegg said. “There are those who want that peace and quiet.”  For those coming all the way from the Philippines, it’s more like a leap of faith. Fehr said he will often arrive at the airport and meet a couple and a child with just three suitcases to start a whole new life.  “Those people are on an adventure,” he said. “They’ve seen Canada as the place to do that.”  ADVERTISMENT Popular articles Farmers overcharged nearly $100 million in CGC… Survey reveals ‘amazing’ soil loss in Great… Police warn about illegal left turns Grain bag slashing angers farmer Genesis plans huge fertilizer supercentre west of… About the author Karen Briere — Regina bureau Also by this author Experts question why organic growth is… Ottawa seeks opinions on national food… Gas pipeline worries Sask. landowners Latest opinion pieces Creating national food policy will require give… Just how free is gluten-free? Grohmann Canadian Belt Knife’s unusual design… From the Archives: Port shipping logjam blamed on… Per acre equipment calculation can be revealing Getting the dirt on quality soil Featured bloggers Ed White Ed White has specialized in markets coverage since 2001 and has achieved the Derivatives Market Specialist (DMS) designation with the Canadian Securities Institute. Markets at a glance Copyright © 2016. All market data is provided by Barchart Market Data Solutions.  Futures: at least 10 minute delayed except as noted. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice. To see all exchange delays and terms of use, please see disclaimer. Popular articles Push for interim transportation measures ramps up Ranch wins sustainability award Can Sonny Perdue save the North American Free… Sask. MP takes top Tory job Are security systems worth the investment? On Twitter Tweets by @westernproducer Subscribe to our e-Newsletters Subscribe to our daily and weekly newsletters, including: Producer Daily, Markets Moment, and Markets Moment: Special Edition. Recent Comments neil on Wheat groups grapple with cross border sales issue neil on Wheat imports from U.S. small compared to exports Harold on PEDv strikes Manitoba hog barns Harold on Alberta farm workers gain the right to unionize: what happens now? Denise on PEDv strikes Manitoba hog barns  RSS Feed  Subscribe in a reader Social Media Facebook Twitter   Sections Back All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Site links Back Subscribe Digital editions Classifieds Advertise Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright Statement About Contact ©2017 Western Producer Publications Limited Partnership
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Top Stories Destination Long Island: June 14-17 Joe Dowd: Heartbreak, inspiration as racehorse turned for home Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation AMF buys LI bowling alley building Schein cracks top half of Fortune 500 list ExcelAire adds third Gulfstream jet to fleet On Long Island, Kasparov talks Putin, Chess and AI LI firm tapped for $66M school project Report: Long Island Rail Road delays are worst in 10 years PGA seeking for volunteers for LI tournament Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Food Business Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Subscribe Manage Account News Economy Education Energy Finance Food Business Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Home / Editor's Picks / Schein cracks top half of Fortune 500 list Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! Stanley Bergman / Photo by Bob Giglione Schein cracks top half of Fortune 500 list By: Claude Solnik June 8, 2017 0 Cablevision out after acquisition Subscribe Login Print, Digital & Mobile 1 Year $129 Digital & Mobile Only 1 Year $99 Digital & Mobile Only 1 Year $99 Print, Digital & Mobile 1 Year $129 Print, Digital & Mobile 1 Year $129 ---------- Digital & Mobile Only 1 Year $99 Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password? Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Altice Cablevision Henry Schein Long Island 1:33 pm Thu, June 8, 2017 Long Island Business News Claude Solnik Tagged with: Altice Cablevision Henry Schein Long Island Destination Long Island: June 14-17 June 8, 2017 ExcelAire adds third Gulfstream jet to fleet June 8, 2017 Charity card company launches with 1.5M choices June 6, 2017 Financial advisors top in base comp June 6, 2017 Chembio CEO takes medical leave of absence June 5, 2017 Following ambulance fire, Brookhaven shuts, reopens ER June 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About the Author Claude Solnik covers healthcare, finance, and technology/energy for Long Island Business News. He can be reached via email at csolnik@libn.com or at (631) 913-4244. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Destination Long Island: June 14-17 by Adina Genn | Jun. 8 Joe Dowd: Heartbreak, inspiration as racehorse turned for home by Joe Dowd | Jun. 8 Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation by The Associated Press | Jun. 8 AMF buys LI bowling alley building by David Winzelberg | Jun. 8 Schein cracks top half of Fortune 500 list by Claude Solnik | Jun. 8 Movers & Shakers Southside Hospital promotes two Certilman Balin adds three Meyer Suozzi adds associate Abrams Fensterman adds one Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now LIBN on Flickr Follow Us Subscribe To RSS Feed 17,104 Followers 2,660 Fans The Poll Should Uber be allowed to operate on Long Island? Yes - the region is in need of services like Uber Yes - Uber is good for the economy Yes - municipalities shouldn't be allowed to refuse a business to operate No - I think ride-sharing is dangerous No - Ride-sharing hurts other transportation businesses Other - Tell us in the comments! View Results  Loading ... Tweets by LIBN My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Destination Long Island: June 14-17 Joe Dowd: Heartbreak, inspiration as racehorse turned for home Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation AMF buys LI bowling alley building Schein cracks top half of Fortune 500 list ExcelAire adds third Gulfstream jet to fleet LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also Murdocco: More apartments: for whom? LI needs answers Will granite countertops and stainless steel appliances justify rents that oftentimes surpass a monthly mortgage payment? Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Help & Contact Information Send Feedback Advertise Careers On Air Hosts Schedule John McKay Northwest Ag Report Listen Live Listen Live Mobile App VIPS Win Tickets to the 2017 Garden Arts Tour 100 Winners for 100 Days of Summer! Win 2 Rounds + Cart to Canyon Lakes Golf Course! $200 Visa Gift Card $200 Target Gift Card GoPro Hero5 Bundle Win Stuff Join Now! Contest Rules SailAway Saturday Local Experts Accounting Auto Care Batteries, Screen Repair + Bulbs Dental Heating & Air Home & Flooring Insurance Kids Dentistry Landscaping Painting Services Weather Mountain Pass Cams Events Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: 100 Days Win Golf Weather Report Seize the Deal $200 Target Card $200 Visa Gift Card More Local News Win Great Prizes Gift Cards Othello Police Looking for Crook Sporting Camo Crocs! By Raleigh June 8, 2017 9:57 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Yes, you read that right. The Othello Police Department are looking for a pair of suspects that may have been connected to an assault that took place out side of the Othello Walmart. One is a woman the other a man with some interesting fashion sense. He was wearing camouflage Crocs, and a matching hat. Not sure if he was a part of the assault, but he’s definitely guilty of poor fashion choices. Hey, at least he was matching! But in all seriousness, take a look at the photo below, and if you have any information, please contact the Othello Police (509) 488-3314. Category: Newsletter | Tri-Cities News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 870 UPDATE–I-84 Now Open Near Pendleton After Hazmat Crash Tri-Cities Theater Company Brings a Modern Twist to a Shakespeare Classic Beware: Man & Woman Using ‘He Has My Kids’ to Carjack [EXCLUSIVE] Richland Woman to the Cosmos as a NASA Space Cadet Candidate Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live On Air Free Talk Live – The Talk Radio Insurrection! M-F midnight-3am Wall| Posts| Email Call in (509) 547-8726 Meet the DJ John McKay See More Newstalk 870 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Top Stories Don’t Miss Monster Truck Thunder in Walla Walla... UPDATE–I-84 Now Open Near Pendleton After Hazmat... Tri-Cities Theater Company Brings a Modern Twist to... Beware: Man & Woman Using ‘He Has My Kids’ to... Tri-Cities Goggle Dog – Owners License Plate Says... Richland Woman to the Cosmos as a NASA Space Cadet... Sign up today! Seize the Deal offers one incredible online deal every day from dining deals to haircut coupons, spa deals to salon discounts and much more. Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Tri-Cities Business Listings Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk870.am using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newsmembers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up for Newsmembers Register Now Sign up for Newsmembers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newsmembers contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newsmembers brought to you by: 870 AM KFLD Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster Share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr The 10 Best Deodorants That Really, Truly Keep You Dry What's hot 7 Brand-New Arrivals to Buy at Sephora Today 8 Real Moms on The One Beauty Necessity They Won't... The 5 Best DIY Face Masks to Fix Oily Skin Fast Selena Gomez's New Long Hair Is *Perfect* for Summer... People are Swearing That Wasabi Can Give You Thicker... StyleCaster The 10 Best Deodorants That Really, Truly Keep You Dry Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 0 byChloe Metzger 6 Shares 15 hours ago 11 Start slideshow Photo: Getty Images Hi, my name is Chloe, and I sweat. A lot. Wow—look how close all of us are now! My family calls it The Curse: some bad spell cast upon my great-great-great grandfather centuries ago that turned generations of my family into sweaty swamp creatures. For my dad and my brother, that means perpetual full-body sweating—the red-faced guys whose faces perspire when they eat. But for me, all of my sweat is funneled directly to my underarms, meaning truly insane, leaking-faucet-level sweat, even in winter, and especially in nervous situations. (Sorry, Alex Reese, for sweating through my shirt when you held my hand in 9th grade.) MORE: Hilary Duff’s Butt May Have Just Broken the Internet Yeah, it’s glamorous, and yes, I am beautiful. However, my lifelong battle with hyperhidrosis (i.e. stupid-high levels of sweatiness) has made me an expert in two things: not giving a fuck, and also knowing which deodorants really work to keep me dry and B.O.-free, and which do little more than sprinkle my pits with rosewater and false hope. And since nobody should spend two decades testing out shitty deodorants like I did, I went ahead and rounded up the ten best deodorants for sweaty, smelly human beings, from roll-ons and sprays, to the crunchiest of natural formulas—all of which truly work. So click through to see them all, and get ready to hold hands with someone you have a crush on without soaking your Hollister shirt to your waist. 0 Thoughts? 1 of 11 A spray that seriously won't leave marks on *any* clothes Dove Sheer Fresh Invisible Dry Spray Antiperspirant, $5.47; at Walmart Photo: Dove A natural stick that uses charcoal to neutralize sweat and odor Schmidt's Charcoal + Magnesium Mineral Enriched Natural Deodorant Stick, $9.99; at Schmidt’s Photo: Schmidt’s A quick-dry roll-on that works for 48 hours Mitchum Advanced Women Powder Fresh Roll-On Anti-Perspirant/Deodorant, $2.97; at Walmart Photo: Mitchum A soothing, natural stick that soaks up sweat with Kaolin clay Freedom Stick Deodorant in Bergamot Mint, $16; at Freedom Photo: Freedom A clear-dry gel that totally locks out odor and sweat Secret Fresh Clear Gel in Luxe Lavender, $5.49; at Secret Photo: Secret A natural, baking soda-based cream for sensitive skin Meow Meow Tweet Deodorant Cream in Lavender, $14; at Meow Meow Tweet Photo: Meow Meow Tweet A natural, moisturizing stick with shea butter and coconut oil Native Deodorant in Coconut & Vanilla, $12; at Native Photo: Native A clear spray that releases scents the more you sweat Degree UltraClear Black + White Dry Spray, $4.99; at Degree Photo: Degree A vegan stick infused with skin-soothing aloe Tarte Clean Queen Vegan Deodorant, $14; at Tarte Photo: Tarte A stick with 24-hour sweat and odor-neutralizing ingredients Ban Shower Fresh Invisible Solid Antiperspirant Deodorant, $2.27; at Walmart Photo: Ban Photo: Getty Images Next slideshow starts in 10s The Best Anti-Aging Hair Products That Really Work 0 GOT THOUGHTS? SHARE THEM! share pin tweet tumblr 0comments Tags: best deodorants summer sweat Promoted Stories About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Signup Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Instagram Sheknows MediaBeauty and Style copyright 2017 © all rights reserved by stylecaster Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Agreement RSS Powered by WordPress.com VIP StyleCaster Fashion Fashion News Street Style Tips + Trends Shopping Celebrity Looks Beauty Makeup Hair + Nails Skin Care Health + Fitness Lifestyle Home Travel Food + Drink Love + Sex Entertainment Celebrity News TV + Movies Music Culture SCTV WANT MORE? Get STYLECASTER in your inbox STYLECASTER Daily STYLECASTER Beauty Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Instagram About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Best Deals Privacy Policy Terms Of Use RSS share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Facebook Pinterest Twitter
Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Headlines Crime Vehicle Accidents & Natural Disasters Food & Nutrition Paleo Princess Kristin Blasiak Finance Money Health & Wellness GREEN News Obituaries Community Announcements Community Calender Legal Notices Cornwall Akwesasne Canada Brockville ON Alexandria ON Kingston Counties of SD&G Ingleside ON Ottawa Morrisburg ON Politics Cornwall Area Politics 11th Councilor Ontario Provincial Politics FEDERAL Politics Eastern Ontario Politics Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor POLLS Entertainment Sports Hollywood Movie Reviews Television Music Arts Regional Arts & Culture Book Reviews Fiction Photo of the Day Dirty Town Under a Crooked Bridge Online Gaming Dining Out Dining in Cornwall Ontario Wines & Living Tourism Restaurant Menus Resto Reviews Special Offers Shopping & Money Shopping in Cornwall Small Business Mission Statement & Contact Us Weather Alerts & Announcements Will You Donate to CFN? It’s Time for Viewers to Step Up – JUNE 8, 2017 By admin on June 8, 20172 Comments Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Cornwall Ontario – Odds are if you’re reading this it’s not the first time you’ve visited the Cornwall Free News.  It’s not easy running an Independent newspaper in 2017.  It’s even harder in smaller markets. While we like other face challenges in a struggling economy and competing with giants like Google and facebook for digital dollars it’s important to ask yourself how important real news is rather than just a stream of press releases? CFN has tackled stories other media won’t simply for fear of losing ad dollars and that frankly is when a newspaper should close because it’s no longer in the news business. Right now we’re seeing corporate giants and government agencies throw their weight around.  Porter air is under fire for its scrap with The Rebel.  While the quality and political slant may be important to an individual ad buyer, the end result is that you’re buying ads to catch the viewers. That’s all that should be important.  Who reads a media outlet?  Are they your demographic?   Do they have more eyeballs than competing media and do they offer better value? The answers to most of those questions should send any decision maker to CFN to purchase an ad, but in years past newspapers also earned sizable incomes from classified ads and subscription fees.  Those are no longer a major source of income.  Many media outlets have had to bend to the will of those whose interest in the truth and real news being published simply don’t want viewed. When we came to local school bus drivers aid and staff in exposing two stories against Wal Mart locally the result is that we don’t get ads from Walmart, which is kinda petty if you think about it and counter business, but some of those decision makers can be as thin skinned as Bernadette Clement and David Murphy. So frankly dear CFN viewers.  If you like what you click on here, and you click over 1 million times per month, it’s time to pull your weight and do your share. We need at least 1,000 of you to click that donate button below before the end of June.  Every dollar counts, but we’d like to see some of you dig deep who realize how important this media outlet is to our community even if you might not like every story we publish. Just read our Mission & Vision statements and you’ll realize that to have a platform where your voice truly can be heard is really important. And it’s time for us to have more voices on CFN.   That will cost money as nobody wants to work for free.  I sure don’t. Our viewers have made us #1 in this market.  Now it’s time for everyone to pull together and allow us to deliver more of the news, views, and reviews you want! So please click that Paypal button below and be as generous as you can.  For those that wish you can e – interac a payment as well to info@cornwallfreenews.com. All donations are 100% confidential.   advertising, cfn, cornwall ontario, donate, headlines, media, newspapers, subscribers, walmart Will You Donate to CFN? It’s Time for Viewers to Step Up – JUNE 8, 2017 added by admin on June 8, 2017 View all posts by admin → Related Post Cornwall Man Charged After Exposing Himself to CCP… Ontario Election Rhetoric in High Gear. By Jamie … The Community Farmers’ Market Week 2 by Reg Coffey… Cornwall Police & Fire Services Refusing To B… Cornwall Police Blotter for Wednesday June 8, 2017 #OPP ID Khanh Nguyen of Ottawa as Alexandria Hospi… Media Sales Reps Wanted – Cornwall Brockvill… Ottawa Police Report Flasher in Orleans JUNE 6, 20… Cornwall Police Charge 17 Year Old After Stab Thre… Cornwall Police Blotter – WINDELL KING of Ak… Comment policy reminder CFN has a new comment policy. You must use your real first and last name. As well if your email bounces we will terminate your posting privileges. We value all input from our amazing CFN viewers and are always trying to improve the viewer experience which includes making this a safe, informative, and entertaining platform. If you have any questions please email info@cornwallfreenews.com Since you’re here … … we’ve got a small favour to ask. More people are reading the Cornwall Free News than ever, but far fewer are paying for it.  Advertising revenues across media are falling fast. And unlike some other news organisations, we haven’t put up a paywall – we want to keep our journalism open to all. So you can see why we need to ask for your help. CFN’s independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our perspective matters – because it might well be your perspective, too. If everyone who reads our reporting, who likes it, helps to support it, our future would be much more secure.  Please click the donate button below. Leave a Reply 2 Comments on "Will You Donate to CFN? It’s Time for Viewers to Step Up – JUNE 8, 2017" Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments 400 400 Guest Lassie Share On TwitterShare On Google CFN provides investigative journalism, not reworked news releases and stories edited to appease advertisers. And at CFN you won’t find soothing stories for the disinterested and comfortably, nor fluff news for our neighbours who are happily immersed in the common crookery that milks Cornwall day in and day out. Now, as our shoreline — our children’s legacy — is for sale… Help CFN prevail! Vote Up1Vote Down  June 8, 2017 1:00 PM Author admin Share On TwitterShare On Google yes Lassie, it was CFN viewers that played a key role in making sure we don’t already have condos in the parking lot of Lamoureux Parc. http://cornwallfreenews.com/2012/06/24/op-ed-by-jamie-gilcig-should-claude-macintosh-be-calling-people-jerks-waterfront-coverage-video/ Since then the bad guys have tried to run yours truly out of town while people like Etienne St. Aubin and Neil MacMillan shrank from the heat. If people don’t want development this time they will have to mobilize and work together. Remember the bad theatre of the Water Tanks? That could happen again, if it hasn’t already. Vote Up0Vote Down  June 8, 2017 1:08 PM Polls Should the Habs Hire Larry Robinson as their D Coach? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Click to EAT! The Weather Network Recent Comments admin on The Community Farmers’ Market Opens Softly by Reg Coffey jules on The Community Farmers’ Market Opens Softly by Reg Coffey jules on The Community Farmers’ Market Opens Softly by Reg Coffey admin on The Community Farmers’ Market Opens Softly by Reg Coffey jules on The Community Farmers’ Market Opens Softly by Reg Coffey jules on Ontario Election Rhetoric in High Gear. By Jamie Gilcig JUNE 8, 2017 admin on The Community Farmers’ Market Opens Softly by Reg Coffey headlinescornwall ontariopolice blottercrimeoppccpsottawaopsgilcigmarijuanacity councilriver kingshot newsSD&Gkilgersouth stormontweathercfncorruption2014 electioncpstorontolnahtrudeaunhlkingstonharperseniorsteasercollisionliberalsexual assaultkpshabshawkesburymontrealbrockvillefraudsnowhockeybob kilgerwynnesiupoliticscornwall Polls If a SNAP Election were held in Ontario who would you vote for? WYNNE - Liberals BROWN - PC Horwath - NDP Other I can't wait for Recreational Marijuana to be legal cause we're all screwed! View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Polls Is it time to bring in New Management of Cornwall Ontario Economic Development? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Restaurant Menus Resto Reviews Special Offers Shopping & Money Shopping in Cornwall Small Business Mission Statement & Contact Us Weather Alerts & Announcements All Rights Reserved 2009-2016 Log in -
Home News & Views News Briefs Israel IDF & Security Jerusalem The “Peace” Process Settlements Judea & Samaria Aliyah The Knesset Government The Temple Mount Boycott Religious & Secular in Israel Religious & Secular in Israel Israeli Arabs Druze Bedouin #EyalGiladNaftali Politics Jewish Antisemitism Anti-Israel NGOs Assimilation Holocaust Chabad Haredim & Hassidim Judaism Holidays Interfaith Relations Xian Missionizing InDepth Blogs Judaism Sections Radio Cartoons In Print Search 77 F Jerusalem, Israel 15 Sivan 5777 - ? Friday, June 9, 2017 About About Us Contact Us Submit an Article Advertise on The Jewish Press Classifieds Travel Watch the Kotel – Live! Print Subscriptions Advertise Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. The Jewish Press Home News & Views AllNews BriefsIsraelIDF & SecurityJerusalemThe “Peace” ProcessSettlementsJudea & SamariaAliyahThe KnessetGovernmentThe Temple MountBoycottReligious & Secular in IsraelReligious & Secular in IsraelIsraeli ArabsDruzeBedouin#EyalGiladNaftaliPoliticsJewishAntisemitismAnti-Israel NGOsAssimilationHolocaustChabadHaredim & HassidimJudaismHolidaysInterfaith RelationsXian Missionizing Religious & Secular in Israel Government to Pay Religious Families to Invite Secular Guests for Shabbat Meals IDF & Security Bizarro Azaria: IDF May Prosecute Soldier Who Ran from 16 Year Old Girl with… Media Terrorist Marwan Barghouti Manipulated Jewish Media Government US Ambassador to UN Nikki Haley Visits Kibbutz Nahal Oz in Gaza Belt [video] InDepth Blogs Judaism Sections Radio Israel News Talk Radio Beyond the Matrix Beyond the Matrix – Our Ancestors Have Inherited Lies [audio] The Modern Jewish Home The Modern Jewish Home – What am I Going to Do With My Life? [audio] The Land of Israel Network Ari and Jeremy Israel Inspired: What Does the World Really Want from the Jews? [audio] Israel Uncensored with Josh Hasten Israel Uncensored: Not Just Surviving but Thriving in Judea and Samaria [audio] Yishai Fleisher Show The Yishai Fleisher Show on JewishPress.com Travails of Travels The Yishai Fleisher Show on JewishPress.com An Israeli Sword Dance? Goldstein on Gelt Goldstein on Gelt Goldstein on Gelt: Do Dual Citizens Need Separate Wills for Each Citizenship? Goldstein on Gelt Goldstein on Gelt: Converting Labor Assets into Financial Assets Cartoons In Print Home In Print From the Paper Memorial Day In America: What A Disgrace In Print Columns Moshe Feiglin Memorial Day In America: What A Disgrace By Moshe Feiglin - 15 Sivan 5777 – June 8, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Photo Credit: Moshe Feiglin Moshe Feiglin Editor’s note: This week’s article is written by Shmuel Sackett, co-founder, along with Moshe Feiglin, of Zo Artzeinu, Manhigut Yehudit, and Zehut.  * * * * * Advertisement I can live to be 1,000 and will never get used to the fact that Memorial Day in America is a fun, action-packed day for shoppers, beach goers, and roller-coaster riders. I did some Internet surfing and found some great Memorial Day sales at Sears, JC Penney, Kohls, Bloomingdales, Macy’s, Banana Republic, Nordstrom, Gap, Old Navy, and Walmart. The JC Penney website actually said the following: “Enjoy our Memorial Day sales.” It even suggested that one should “Extend the fun to the whole family.” Let me ask you a question. Isn’t Memorial Day supposed to be somber? A day of remembrance, mourning, and reflection? A day to pay tribute to the hundreds of thousands of brave men and women who lost their lives fighting for the United States? Do you have any idea how many heroes we are talking about? I did some research and found that from the American Revolutionary War until today – are you ready for this? – a total of 666,441 American soldiers have lost their lives in battle. If it’s hard for you to think about a war in 1776, let me highlight some relatively recent numbers. In WWII, 291,557 soldiers were killed while 47,424 were killed in Vietnam. After 9/11, American forces went to war in Afghanistan and lost 1,954 soldiers while a whopping 3,836 have been killed in Iraq. After all this bloodshed, do you really think you should spend Memorial Day – the one day a year dedicated to the memory of these men and women – by shopping for a microwave or jeans? Do you think you should “enjoy” sales on this day or that it should be a day of “fun” for the whole family? One of the websites I looked at (of a store called “Junees”) had a sale for people shopping online. To qualify you needed to use a special coupon code during checkout. Any idea what the code was? The word: “Memorial.” How touching… The website DealNews.com stated that shopping online allows for plenty of time on Memorial Day to do other things. It suggested the following: “Break out your summer whites and fire up the grill.” I guess going to a military cemetery was out of the question… The Disney World website homepage was full of wonderful suggestions on how to enjoy the park on Memorial Day even though large crowds were expected. “Start from the back,” it suggested, and “stay late” since most people don’t know the park is open late for your “Memorial Day enjoyment.” There’s simply nothing like bonding with Mickey Mouse on such a somber day… Let me say this loud and clear. A society that celebrates Memorial Day with sales, picnics, and amusement park fun is a society in trouble. Actually, it’s worse than that. It’s downright sick. A total of 666,441 soldiers gave their life for America and the country can’t take one day off to honor them? Let’s pause for a moment and review how Memorial Day is commemorated (not “celebrated”) in Israel. All stores, except gas stations, are closed. Amusement parks are closed. Beaches are empty. Israeli Mickey Mouses (or is it Mickey Mice?) are home from work. Nobody is grilling and nobody is enjoying. Following Jewish tradition, the day begins the night before with a siren at 8 p.m. and the entire country stands for a moment of silence. Some stand with heads down, others say Tehillim to themselves, but everyone is quiet and respectful. About 30 percent of the country attends some sort of “Yom Ha’Zikaron” (that’s “Memorial Day” in Hebrew) commemoration in cities around Israel, while the rest of the country watches one on TV. There is an eerie silence in the air and most of the people shed tears for soldiers they never even knew. The next morning, there is a siren at 11 a.m. and military cemeteries from Eilat to Kiryat Shemonah are packed with people crying, hugging, praying, and reflecting. While “The Gap” in New York is open on Memorial Day, the ones in Israel are closed. People have told me that the reason for all this is simple. In Israel everyone knows someone who has lost a loved one in a war. In my shul alone, there are two regular attendees who lost a brother, one in the ’56 war and one in the ’67 war. And there easily over 50 people in my shul who lost friends and comrades in war. Compare that to America. Who in your shul has a relative, friend, or even a distant acquaintance who was killed in battle while fighting for the United States? Probably nobody. Yet, I am sorry to say, I do not accept this answer. Not having a personal connection to one of the 666,441 U.S. soldiers is not an excuse to “enjoy” the day off nor use the word “Memorial” while shopping online at Junees. If you live in a free country, you need to realize and appreciate that the freedom you enjoy came at a price. Yes, you may not personally know the heroes who sacrificed their lives so you can enjoy baseball and apple pie, but they were definitely there. They fought and died so that you can live in a beautiful home, have that good job, and send your children to the yeshiva of your choice. The very fact that you can walk freely to shul, dunk in a mikveh, and carry on Shabbat within your community eruv is because of these 666,441 men and women. I firmly believe that every Jew must come home as soon as possible to Israel, but until that day arrives, we owe a debt of gratitude to the land of the free and the home of the brave. Torah institutions have flourished in America and I am religious today because of the wonderful education I received in various New York yeshivas and shuls. To me, it’s not about knowing the fallen soldiers personally. Rather, it’s about acknowledging their commitment, their selflessness, and their ultimate sacrifice. I thank Hashem every day for bringing my grandparents to America in the early 1900’s. Where would I be today if they had stayed in Europe? Would I even be alive? And if I was alive, would I still be Jewish? Three of my four grandparents emigrated from what is today Ukraine and the fourth was from Lithuania. When they came to America, they were allowed to practice Yiddishkeit without oppression. My parents, of blessed memory, were both born in America, lived a Jewish life, and sent my siblings and me to yeshiva day schools. My father fought in WWII and so did his brother, who was awarded two purple hearts. My mother’s two brothers also fought in WWII and we were raised on giving thanks and appreciating what others had done. Today’s youth are far from appreciating anything. They focus, almost exclusively, on smartphones, selfies, and Snapchat. I fear for their future but point the finger – not at them – but at a society that takes one of the few meaningful days a year and turns it into fun and games. We have a year to change that – until next Memorial Day. Let’s make it happen. Advertisement SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleDaf Yomi Next articleTo Be A Twin Moshe Feiglin Moshe Feiglin is the former Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. He heads the Zehut Party. He is the founder of Manhigut Yehudit and Zo Artzeinu and the author of two books: "Where There Are No Men" and "War of Dreams." Feiglin served in the IDF as an officer in Combat Engineering and is a veteran of the Lebanon War. He lives in Ginot Shomron with his family. Wordpress / Spot.IM Facebook Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Latest News Stories Religious & Secular in Israel Government to Pay Religious Families to Invite Secular Guests for Shabbat Meals IDF & Security Bizarro Azaria: IDF May Prosecute Soldier Who Ran from 16 Year Old Girl with Scissors (Watch) Media Terrorist Marwan Barghouti Manipulated Jewish Media Government US Ambassador to UN Nikki Haley Visits Kibbutz Nahal Oz in Gaza Belt [video] Eye on "Palestine" Palestinian Authority Survey Returns Surprising Results Headline Hezbollah Terror Suspects from NY, Michigan Indicted in Manhattan Federal Court   Follow @JewishPress News Briefs IDF & Security IDF Soldier Attacked Near Beit HaShalom in Hebron Bedouin ‘Ramadan Kareem!’ from Prime Minister Netanyahu [video] Sponsored Post Check out the Jewish Press Classifieds Sponsored Posts Jewish Press Staff - 23 Nisan 5777 – April 18, 2017 Recommended Today Religious & Secular in Israel Government to Pay Religious Families to Invite Secular Guests for Shabbat Meals Eye on "Palestine" Palestinian Authority Survey Returns Surprising Results Bedouin Regavim Releases Policy Paper with Solution to Bedouin Negev Housing Crisis The Muqata Iran’s Islamic Regime Got a Taste of What it Deserves Recent Articles by Moshe Feiglin Netanyahu And Trump: A Dangerous Combination Politics Abhors A Vacuum Don’t Blame UNESCO Refusing To Win Most Read Today Something Random from the Week Israeli Innovation Celebrated at the European Parliament Business and Economy Hana Levi Julian - 14 Sivan 5777 – June 8, 2017 ABOUT USJewishPress.com - Bringing you the news from Israel and the Jewish World Home About Advertise Contact Dept. of Corrections Submit an Article Job Openings Subscribe (Email Newsletter) Subscriptions (Print Edition) © The Jewish Press 2017. All Rights Reserved. Printed from: http://www.jewishpress.com/indepth/columns/moshe-feiglin/memorial-day-in-america-what-a-disgrace/2017/06/08/ Scan this QR code to visit this page online:
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Amazon Charts Amazon needs to court Walmart shoppers because the wealthiest Americans already have Prime Amazon’s new discounted Prime for lower-income consumers could add new subscribers. by Rani Molla@ranimolla Jun 8, 2017, 10:27am EDT tweet share Linkedin This week, Amazon went after Walmart by offering low-income shoppers a steep discount on Prime memberships. But just how important is that demographic to Amazon? Amazon Prime membership is lowest among households that make less than $41,000 per year, according to a survey earlier this year by investment bank Piper Jaffray. That means Amazon has the most room to grow among lower-income consumers. Households that made more than $112,000 per year, on the other hand, are nearing saturation, with 82 percent in possession of Amazon Prime memberships, according to a survey of 5,500 U.S. teens about whether their families had Prime memberships. The insight comes from a ongoing Jaffray survey on what brands teens consume and what trends teens follow. It bases income on average household income for each teen’s zip code. Overall, approximately 60 percent of households in the U.S. have Amazon Prime memberships — and that’s growing across demographics. The markdown on Amazon Prime’s monthly fee is a bid to court customers who might not be able to afford the subscription and would otherwise shop at Walmart or other retailers. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Houzz will be valued at around $4 billion in a new funding round led by Iconiq Capital Google has finally found a buyer for its amazing, creepy robot companies, Boston Dynamics and Schaft: SoftBank Taylor Swift is bringing her music to Spotify, and every other streaming service Target’s former e-commerce chief is now the new CEO of the online jeweler Blue Nile Uber CEO Kalanick advised employees on sex rules for a company celebration in 2013 ‘Miami letter’ Uber is in advanced talks to acquire engineers from the valet startup Luxe Trending Uber CEO Kalanick advised employees on sex rules for a company celebration in 2013 ‘Miami letter’ “Do not have sex with another employee UNLESS ...” A top Uber executive, who obtained the medical records of a customer who was a rape victim, has been fired Sources say Eric Alexander carried around for a year confidential information about a woman who was assaulted during a ride in India in 2014. Google has finally found a buyer for its amazing, creepy robot companies, Boston Dynamics and Schaft: SoftBank The companies are not disclosing a price. More in Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Houzz will be valued at around $4 billion in a new funding round led by Iconiq Capital by Jason Del Rey Google has finally found a buyer for its amazing, creepy robot companies, Boston Dynamics and Schaft: SoftBank by April Glaser Taylor Swift is bringing her music to Spotify, and every other streaming service by Peter Kafka Target’s former e-commerce chief is now the new CEO of the online jeweler Blue Nile by Jason Del Rey Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Weather 56° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Distracted driver with unrestrained toddler caught on camera Distracted driver with toddler Kattey Ortiz, WCSH 8:02 AM. PDT June 08, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SKOWHEGAN, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- Parents on social media are outraged over a video that appears to show a woman talking on her cell phone while a toddler plays in the passenger seat. The toddler isn't wearing a seatbelt.   Police tell Facebook commenters to calm down about video of lady in Skowhegan driving with her child unrestrained.https://t.co/21Lk4NJvDT pic.twitter.com/XNrHvcOXK6— WCSH 6 (@WCSH6) June 8, 2017   The woman who recorded the video, who no longer wishes to be identified, told NEWS CENTER she was headed to Wal-Mart with her wife Wednesday evening just before 6:30 when she saw the driver on Madison Avenue in Skowhegan. "We saw this at Cumberland Farms, and I tried to get her attention all the way to Rite Aid," she said. "I couldn't believe what I was seeing." The woman also says she reported the incident to Skowhegan Police. Officer Bucknam of the Skowhegan Police Department confirmed they are investigating, and have the name of the vehicle owner. So far, no one has been charged and Officer Bucknam could not comment if charges were coming. The woman also posted the video to a public group on Facebook for residents in the Skowhegan area. Facebook users immediately condemned the driver, and the thread caught the attention of the Somerset County Sheriff's Office.   © 2017 WCSH-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Benson High student built home up for sale Comey Hearing - Concerned Trump 'might lie' Police: Man with knife tries to abduct teenage girl Neighbor: More issues with camp on ODOT land Faith healing parents face murder charges McCain question Former FBI Director Racist, violent threat sent to local festival Whooping cough outbreak at Lincoln High School Fleet Week ships arrive in Portland Distracted driver with toddler More Stories Tiny house village for homeless women opens this weekend Jun. 8, 2017, 6:25 p.m. Missing, endangered Sherwood teen last heard from in… Jun. 8, 2017, 8:30 p.m. Thousands of dollars worth of art stolen from… Jun. 8, 2017, 11:28 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics /shred Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew Verify Kyron Horman TriMet Attack Nation Now /nation-now-old Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Greater Portland Today More Gold Buyers KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Grammys Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge redirect-contests Shot of the Day Redirect - Stepping Up Trending Today /getahead Sunrise Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Heart Month Redirect Eclipse About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs jobs redirect Quick Links Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network Connect With Us RSS E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy FCC Public Inspection File Ad Choices Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Portland Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
LifestyleLifestyle Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Retro Cooler Re-Releases Score 8.3 More Stats +/- Alcoholic Craft Sodas All-Natural Cocktail Mixers Savory Bottled Coffee Drinks Fresh Canned Cocktail Mixers Limited-Edition Retro Sodas 15Similar Photos The Zima Citrus Malt Beverage is Being Brought Back by MillerCoors By: Michael Hemsworth - Jun 8, 2017 References: chewboom Those who grew up in the 90s will recognize the Zima citrus malt beverage as one of the iconic coolers from the decade, which is slated to make a comeback this summer. Crafted and distributed by MillerCoors, Zima is set to be available at Walmart starting on July 4 for a limited time. While the beverage isn't exclusive to Walmart, the big box retailer tried to claim as much of the stock as possible from MillerCoors in order to make it the unofficial spot to find the limited-edition cooler. The Zima citrus malt beverage will be available at over 3,000 Walmart locations wherever beer is sold in packs of six with stock being quite limited in order to drive home the limited-edition nature of the cooler. THE WORLD'S #1 TREND PLATFORM Find Better Ideas Faster™ with our premium content & special access to 300,000 ideas ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Vitamin-Rich Canned CocktailsCOCO Cocktails' #POWER is Touted as a Great Source of Vitamins Pressed Juice SodasThe Cannonbourough Soda Drinks are Made with Fresh Ingredients Brine-Based Cocktail MixersGAEA's Two-Ingredient 'Dirty Martini Juice' Repurposes Olive Brine Summery Citrus SpritzersThe SOFI Spritz Brand Offers All-Natural Beverages Top 100 Branding Trends in JuneFrom Mature Chocolate Packaging to Space Agency Accessories Top 100 Alcohol Trends in JuneFrom Instant Cocktail Freezers to Botanical Wine-Based Ice Creams Stats for Retro Cooler Re-Releases Trending: New & Hot Research: 143 clicks in 21 hr Interest: 0.7 minutes Concept: Malt Beverage Related: 20 examples / 15 photos Segment: Females, 18-35 Comparison Set: 7 similar articles, including: all-natural cocktail mixers, alcoholic craft sodas, and savory bottled coffee drinks. Related Reports: Fall Fashion Report, Lunch Box Report, Heritage Report, Conservative Fashion Report, Gaming Report SCORE: 8.3 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright 2017 TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 34 time: 0.1107 , e-time: 0.1129
About Us Contact Us 2017 Media Kit Links NNPA Links Classifieds Westside Gazette HIV/AIDS Supplements Guest Book AdHub About UsContact Us2017 Media KitLinksNNPA LinksClassifiedsWestside Gazette HIV/AIDS SupplementsGuest BookAdHub Home News National Local International Business Releases Entertainment Politics OP-ED Opinions Editorials Lifestyle Health Advice Religion Obituaries Sports Local National Sports Calendar Arts Cars AdHub HomeNews    National    Local    International    Business    ReleasesEntertainmentPoliticsOP-ED    Opinions    EditorialsLifestyle    Health    Advice    Religion    ObituariesSports    Local    National SportsCalendarArtsCarsAdHub »Broken, busted and disgusted »Ben Jealous confirms run for Maryland Governorship »Florida Legislative apology falls short of justice for Dozier Boys »Olympic gold medalist Gabby Douglas makes surprise appearance at Miami mall »In killing by police, a jury sees what the dash camera saw »Ten-year-old Black CEO get distribution for her popular invention in Once Upon A Child stores across the country »Broward County Library Director Kelvin Watson seeks to expand access »Noose found in African American History Museum »AKA 1908 Playground Mobilization Day at Joseph C. Carter Park »Houston high school seniors receive prestigious McDonald’s scholarships You Are Here: Home » Business » #BankBlack — Top 23 Black-Owned Banks, Credit Unions and other financial institutions #BankBlack — Top 23 Black-Owned Banks, Credit Unions and other financial institutions Posted by: Carma Henry Posted date: June 08, 2017 In: Business | comment : 0 #BankBlack — Top 23 Black-Owned Banks, Credit Unions and other financial institutions Executives at Industrial Bank, a Black-owned bank in Washington, DC. From The Black and Minority Business Blog The #BankBlack revolution has already begun. Thousands of African Americans across the country are transferring their money to Black-owned banks that invest in urban communities and businesses. Initiated by several celebrities like Solange and rapper Killer Mike, the initiative is in response to years of police brutality, discrimination, and other racial problems that have long existed in America. African Americans collectively have an annual buying power of almost $1 trillion dollars, and so the idea is to circulate and re-circulate Black dollars within Black communities. If you are interested in opening an account at a Black-owned, FDIC-insured bank, here’s the complete list below according to FederalReserve.gov:   ALABAMA #1 – Alamerica Bank: This bank in Birmingham, Alabama provides a unique banking experience for underserved communities. Their staff of experienced bankers is committed to providing quality and personalized service, offering a full array of banking services, from deposit accounts to loans. #2 – Commonwealth National Bank: At this bank in Mobile, Alabama, they believe that your business is unique and so your bank should be too. They offer free online banking with no minimum daily balance required, and a variety of business accounts designed to help you maximize your banking experience. (Also see #11 – Liberty Bank, which has branch locations in Tuskegee and Montgomery, AL.) CALIFORNIA      #3 – Broadway Federal Bank: Based in Los Angeles, California, this Black-owned bank aims to serve the real estate business and financial needs in underserved urban communities. They especially aim to meet the needs of minority consumers who want to take out conventional loans. (Also see #13 – One United Bank, which has branch locations in Compton and Los Angeles, CA.)   DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (WASHINGTON, DC) #4 – Industrial Bank: Headquarted in Washington, DC with branch locations in Oxon Hill and Forestville, MD, this bank has delivered essential banking and financial services since 1934 that have contributed greatly to the growth and development of the local Black community. FLORIDA #5 – Axiom Bank: Headquartered in Central Florida with branches throughout the Jacksonville, Orlando, and Tampa areas, this federally-chartered community bank serves the financial needs of its customers through a wide range of financial products. They provide retail banking services, including checking, de-posit, and money market accounts, through 20 branch locations, 19 of which are inside select Walmart Supercenters. (Note: This bank was Black-owned for many years as Urban Trust Bank, and even earlier as Metro Savings Bank. Although they are no longer Black-owned, they are a solid, growing community bank that supports urban communities.) (Also see #13 – One United Bank, which has branch locations in Miami, FL.) GEORGIA #6 – Carver State Bank: Established in 1927 in Savannah, Georgia, this Black-owned bank has remained a financial services leader for all sectors of the Savannah community throughout its 85 years and is the only bank in the area with an outstanding Community Reinvestment Act Rating. #7 – Citizens Trust Bank: Since their beginning in 1921, this Atlanta, GA-based bank has responded to market shifts by expanding their electronic platform while still providing the personal touch service that makes them unique to their customers. Thanks to an online #BankBlack social media campaign in July 2016, more than 8,000 new accounts were opened at their branch in just one week. ILLINOIS: #8 – Illinois Service Federal Bank: Based in Chicago, this bank aims to be a viable, growing, community development financial services institution responding innovatively to their primarily underserved and minority constituency with superb customer service. #9 – Seaway Bank & Trust Company: This Chicago-based community bank serves families, non-profits and businesses in diverse neighborhoods. It was established in 1965 to counter discriminatory lending practices and is now recognized as one of the nation’s largest minority-owned banks, with more than $400 million in assets and 240 employees. (Also, see #11 – Liberty Bank, which has branch locations in Chicago, IL.) KANSAS:      (See #11 – Liberty Bank, which has branch locations in Kansas City, KS.) KENTUCKY: #10 – Metro Bank: Based in Louisville, Kentucky, this Black-owned bank works to provide opportunity where before there was none – whether it is their involvement in a multi-million dollar New Markets Tax Credit project, or a start-up business loan to an entrepreneur providing a much-needed service in an underserved neighborhood. LOUISIANA: #11 – Liberty Bank: Primarily based in New Orleans and Baton Rouge, Louisiana, this bank has a sincere focus on service, integrity and a sincere interest in community and business development. Over the past four decades, they have also expanded to more than 18 branches in six states – including Kansas, Mississippi, Michigan, Missouri, Alabama, and Illinois. MARYLAND: #12 – Harbor Bank of Maryland: Opening its doors in 1982, this bank primarily serves the Baltimore metropolitan area, and offers checking, savings, time deposits, credit cards, debit card, commercial real estate, personal, home improvement, automobile, and other installment and term loans. They also have a branch in Riverdale, MD, PG County. (Also, see #4 – Industrial Bank, which has branch locations in Oxon Hill and Forestville, MD.) MASSACHUSSETTS: #13 – One United Bank: The first Black internet bank and the largest Black-owned bank in the country, with offices in Los Angeles, Boston and Miami. They were awarded the highest Bank Enterprise Award by the U.S. Department of Treasury for their community development lending ten times, and they are a designated Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI). MICHIGAN: #14 – First Independence Bank: Based in Detroit, this bank was established in the 1970’s to serve the financial needs of the urban community, its businesses, and its citizens. They say that no line of financial services is beyond their charter as long as they are serving the financial needs of businesses and families in the Black community. (Also, see #11 – Liberty Bank, which has branch locations in Detroit, MI.) MISSISSIPPI: (See #11 – Liberty Bank, which has branch locations in Jackson, MS.) MISSOURI:      (See #11 – Liberty Bank, which has branch locations in St. Louis, MO.) NEW JERSEY:      #15 – City National Bank: Primarily based in Newark, NJ with branch locations in Harlem and Brooklyn, NYC, this Black-owned bank plays a pivotal role in strengthening urban communities. They call themselves a forward-thinking financial institution whose mission is to build economic strength and improve the quality of life within urban communities by providing the highest quality financial services, including low-cost business loans. NEW YORK: (See #15 – City National Bank, which has branch locations in Harlem and Brooklyn, NY.) NORTH CAROLINA: #16 – Mechanics & Farmers Bank: Founded in 1907, this bank is the 2nd oldest minority-owned bank in the United States. They have branches in Winston-Salem, Durham, Raleigh, Greensboro, and Charlotte, and most of their deposits are recycled back into urban communities. PENNSYLVANIA: #17 – United Bank of Philadelphia: Based in the city of Philadelphia, this Black-owned bank says that all deposits stay right in the community in a cycle of community, inclusivity, and opportunity. They offer affordable banking services to individuals, families, small businesses, and non-profit organizations. SOUTH CAROLINA: #18 – South Carolina Community Bank: Based in Columbia, SC, this Black-controlled bank offers a select range of high priority personalized products and services to traditionally underserved communities, including small to medium sized businesses. TENNESSEE: #19 – Citizens Savings Bank and Trust Company: With branch locations in Nashville and Memphis, TN, this community bank provides friendly and personal service to both individuals and small businesses. They are an equal opportunity employer with 32 full-time employees, 3 convenient offices and approximately $100 million in total assets. #20 – Tri-State Bank of Memphis: With three branch locations throughout the Memphis area, this a community bank has proudly served the urban community for over 65 years and have a history of leadership, concern and commitment. TEXAS: #21 – Unity National Bank: Based in Houston, Texas, with a branch also in Missouri City, this Black-owned bank creates opportunities to help people and businesses grow and enhance the quality of life. They do that through service and services that respect their time, make banking easier and keep them financially competitive. VIRGINIA: #22 – First State Bank: Chartered in 1919 in Danville, VA, this locally-owned and operated bank provides the personal touch to banking services. From checking and savings products to loans and other financial investments, they offer a variety of options to fit your needs. WISCONSIN: #23 – Columbia Savings & Loan Association: Based in Milwaukee, WI, this is the oldest Black-owned financial institution in the state, and they have been serving commercial and individual accounts to urban customers since 1924. They offer checking accounts, and consumer and business loans.     Be Sociable, Share! Tweet Share ‹ Previous Next › About The Author Carma Henry Carma Lynn Henry Westside Gazette Newspaper 545 N.W. 7th Terrace, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33311 Office: (954) 525-1489 Fax: (954) 525-1861 Number of Entries : 9893 Related posts Planned Confusion Metropolitan Dade County Section of NCNW Health Fair “I Bike Harlem” owner uses Airbnb to grow her business Patience and time – everything won’t happen by Friday Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name* Email* Website Submit Comment Follow Us! View Our E-Editon Facebook Twitter Tweets by @_westsidebiads advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement advertisement Walkarounds of 2017 New Vehicles AutoNetwork Reports Live Weekly Walkarounds of 2016 New Vehicles advertisement 2017 Media Kit Menu About Us Contact Us 2017 Media Kit Links NNPA Links Classifieds Westside Gazette HIV/AIDS Supplements Guest Book AdHub twitter facebook google plus LinkedIn rss Site Designed By NoRegretMedia.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Why your credit cards shouldn't retire when you do By Associated Press Published: 10:20 EDT, 8 June 2017 | Updated: 10:21 EDT, 8 June 2017 e-mail When her car trouble began, Beverly Dobratz, 70, assumed that years of responsible credit usage would qualify her for a new car loan with a low interest rate. Then the salesman checked her credit and learned that she hadn't made any purchases with it in 10 years; she preferred to pay with cash or her debit card. That had hurt her credit scores, preventing her from getting a deal that worked for her. "It was quite a shock. I had a huge down payment for him, but it didn't make any difference," the Long Beach, California, resident says. "I didn't get the car." FILE - In this Sep. 3, 2015, file photo, a man pays with a credit card in a Walmart Ekono supermarket in Santiago, Chile. Many retirees avoid credit usage, with unexpected consequences. Keeping active credit accounts can help ensure it's available if you need it. (AP Photo/Luis Hidalgo, File) About one-third (34 percent) of American baby boomers risk damaging their credit scores in retirement by reducing or eliminating their use of credit cards, according to a survey by TransUnion, one of the three major credit bureaus that gather information used to calculate the scores. (TransUnion is a NerdWallet business partner.) Using credit cards for small purchases keeps your credit active , says Heather Battison, a vice president at TransUnion. That can help ensure you'll have available credit - or good credit scores - when it counts. Keeping credit cards active doesn't mean running up debt. Think of them as tools for maintaining credit, not a temporary loan. WHY YOU MIGHT NEED CREDIT IN RETIREMENT You can plan for retirement, but it's impossible to predict exactly what will happen in your 80s or 90s. The average 65-year-old today will live until his or her mid-80s, according to the Social Security Administration. That's why it's important to maintain a strong credit profile even if you don't foresee borrowing money again. You might need it in retirement for many reasons, such as an unexpected car purchase, as happened with Dobratz. Other reasons include: -Finding housing. Some independent living facilities require a pre-admission credit check, the way a landlord might run a credit check before renting an apartment. -Co-signing a loan. You'll need good credit to help a child or grandchild qualify for a loan or credit card by co-signing. -Refinancing your home. If you still have a mortgage, refinancing can lower your interest rate and monthly payments, which might be attractive after retirement. -Receiving a home equity line of credit : You can use this type of credit to finance repairs and upgrades that will make your home more accessible, says certified financial planner Delia Fernandez. For example, you might widen doorways to accommodate a wheelchair or walker. "It's an example of things we don't think about because we're not 80, but how much better to prepare the house before we turn 80," Fernandez says. KEEP YOUR CREDIT CARDS ACTIVE Recently, Battison's dad moved to independent living facility. "All of the furniture that he had in his home was too big and we all of a sudden needed to completely furnish this apartment," she says. "Because he didn't use his credit card as often, we ran into some issues there." TransUnion consumer data show that 20 percent of people ages 51 and 70 have subprime credit, or a score of less than 600. OPTING OUT OF CREDIT IS A GAMBLE Your retirement plan might appear bulletproof, but circumstances easily change - and if they do, it's nice to know you can lean on your credit. "You never know when you're going to need something," Dobratz says. "Hang on to that credit. Otherwise, they're going to charge you high interest on your loan." ______ This article was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet . Email staff writer Melissa Lambarena: mlambarena@nerdwallet.com . Twitter: @LissaLambarena. RELATED LINKS: NerdWallet: Inactive credit: How long it takes, and how to use a credit card to prevent it https://nerd.me/2rfcRmL TransUnion survey: http://newsroom.transunion.com/30-percent-of-americans-risk-damaging-credit-score-in-retirement Federal Trade Commission: Home equity loans and credit lines: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0227-home-equity-loans-and-credit-lines Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Put her bust on display Jamie Laing can't keep his hands off bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff as they soak up the sun with Made In Chelsea co-stars at boozy pool party in Ibiza Eagle-eyed viewers point out critical flaw in 'awkward' election day scene as Kathy and Jane discuss their election votes on EastEnders Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles Bold display  Holly Willoughby's weight loss regime revealed... after This Morning star showcased her slimline figure at Glamour Awards The secret's out  'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops Love Island's Jessica Shears caught up in a shocking SEX TAPE scandal... just a week after naked photos of the glamour model emerged online He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she gets closer to her due date Baby love  She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala Leggy lady  'I've got no doubt it will happen': Olly Murs says he's STILL desperate to mend eight-year family rift... after his estranged brother said he'd 'moved on' 'It's not that bad': Amy Schumer dons denim mini-skirt and discusses split with Ben Hanisch at Hilarity for Charity Amicable exes  I think aisle wear it again! Katie Piper makes an arrival to remember as she takes to the stage at the Ideal Home Show in wedding dress That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with MIC cast Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Perfect pair  Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA Playing with fire! Lily Collins dazzles in elegant red gown as she attends star-studded Okja premiere Red-dy for her close up! Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Au natural  Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie Ab-fab EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa displays her toned arms on a food run... after showing off her fab abs ahead of Dan Osborne wedding International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan Pink to make him wink  Sam Thompson is joined by bikini-clad Emily Blackwell as they party in Ibiza... after announcing plans to split with Tiffany Watson for the summer Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front for 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation Friendly exes  EXCLUSIVE: Emma Willis 'had no idea' the new Big Brother line up included Ex On The Beach stars... as she addresses THAT awkward launch night chat with Lotan Carter New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free for a day out in NYC Model moment  Reese Witherspoon dazzles in LBD as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony Chic and cheerful  Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton Ageless beauty Rachel Weisz looks effortlessly stylish in a plunging ivory gown as she makes glamorous appearance on the Graham Norton Show Graced the red couch Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film Isla Fisher pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show Radiant redhead Mamma mia! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along Big Brother's Hannah almost comes to blows with Chanelle when the bubbly brunette throws a SLIPPER at her... as half the house is put up for eviction 'That's put me off my sausage sandwich!': Big Brother's Arthur Fullford shocks his fellow housemates by going full-frontal NAKED in the shower Zahida Allen and beau Sean Pratt have a blazing row on hotel balcony in Ibiza... as he admits he finds it hard to 'cut her off' despite cheating with Scotty T Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver 'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Chip off the old block. All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber graduates high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia Beauty and brains  Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear in THAT Cannes red carpet moment No need for Privacy? Chris Brown covers huge wall on LA house with colorful graffiti artwork Artistic  Take That the musical takes £10m! Show breaks record three months before nationwide tour starts  Rule The World. EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Caroline Flack looks sensational as she poses in an array of form-fitting ensembles for new fashion magazine shoot Love Island's Chloe shares a steamy late-night kiss with womaniser Chris... after the newcomer tries it on with TWO other girls in one day Ibiza Weekender star Hayley Fanshaw sizzles in TINY scarlet swimsuit in Magaluf... after she was 'left raging when BFF Ellie Young ditched her for Big Brother Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping as she slips into tiny coral bikini while holding hands with shirtless beau John Noble on Magaluf beach Pretty in pink  Tom Hughes as Ireland's most gorgeous rat-catcher? The award for 2017's Most Ridiculous Thriller should go to Paula, by JIM SHELLEY Love-all! Lindsey Vonn and her beau Kenan Smith cuddle up at the French Tennis Open in Paris  Cute couple  Rebel Wilson defamation case twist: Hollywood actress now being SUED by a journalist she 'blasted on Twitter as total scum and a disgrace' A VERY special guest! Steve Irwin's son Robert, 13, helps Jimmy Fallon bottle-feed cute kangaroo joey on The Tonight Show Adorable  'We wish her a speedy recovery': Sheridan Smith withdraws from Bradford leg of touring musical Funny Girl after being struck down with mumps  Amanda Holden confirms teen who appeared in BGT's Missing People Choir appeal has been found... and admits to 'crying' upon learning the news No one is looking at the jewelry! Topless Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her chest while modeling new bling from Jacquie Aiche Brazilian bombshell Liam Payne puts on an animated display as he meets fans... after confessing he gets a full seven hours of sleep a night since welcoming baby Bear with Cheryl The girl who stole Captain America's heart: Actor Chris Evans on the bond with ten-year-old actress who plays his niece in new movie Gifted Leslie Ash cuts a low-key figure in rock chic ensemble as she makes rare public appearance with husband Lee Chapman at Ibiza Rocks bash Are The Killers set to play at the AFL Grand Final this year? Rock band rumoured to be returning to Australia after four-year hiatus for footy extravaganza SPOILER ALERT! 'It's an open game': Love Island's Amber moves onto man number THREE as suitors Kem and newbie Jonny vy for her affection Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'She was chucking his clothes out': Jeremy McConnell escapes to Ireland after BLAZING row with on-off love Stephanie Davis Off again Hand in hand! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell put on loving display as they take a casual stroll in LA Reportedly dating for five months Kady McDermott shows off her physique on Ibiza hen do... after BLASTING claims Love Island newbie is nabbing her 'pocket rocket' status Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  Diamonds are forever! Lily James exudes Old Hollywood glamour in a figure-hugging Bardot gown as she poses elegantly at jewellery opening Vogue Williams shows off her tanned legs in a flirty floral dress as she attends jewellery launch in London The Irish model plumped for a flirty frock It's Shoe Grant! British actor Hugh participates in an Australian drinking tradition as he downs alcohol from his footwear during a wild night out What a trailblazer! David Beckham looks incredibly dapper in a pinstripe navy suit as he makes a slick exit from The Late Late Show with James Corden Dynasty living! Joan Collins lists 'Hollywood glamour' condo for a cool $4.5million Isn't messing around with the price of her lavish home TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   'He's sweet talking her': Gaz Beadle is 'fighting to win back ex girlfriend Emma McVey as he gets bored of single life'... after she blasted him for cheating Bikini-clad Billie Faiers flaunts her taut post-baby frame as she snuggles with son Arthur in adorable selfie... three months after welcoming his birth SPOILER ALERT: Big Brother's Rebecca and Sukhvinder come to blows in a heated race row... as Kayleigh and Tom enjoy a VERY steamy shower WAG Toni Terry shows off her toned bikini body as she enjoys a spot of beach volleyball in Portugal with shirtless husband John  Fun in the sun Revealed: Taylor Swift and Beyonce BOTH  burst into tears backstage after Kanye West's infamous MTV VMA stage invasion Upsetting times  Leo, look at what you're missing! Nina Agdal looks stunning as she poses in a wedding dress for bridal ad campaign, weeks after splitting from DiCaprio The name's balls... Goldenballs! David Beckham emulates James Bond in forthcoming appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  Boho babe Nikki Reed shows off growing baby bump in style while enjoying lunch with husband Ian Somerhalder Maternity style What a drag! Sofia Richie, 18, keeps it casual cool in pink checked coat while puffing cigarette on New York stroll Stepping out 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini 'She is literally a Barbie!' Lucy Mecklenburgh's fans go wild as star shares sizzling photo of her little sister in a skimpy pink bikini Avert your eyes! Lizzie Cundy flashes her white lingerie in VERY revealing sheer gold dress as she attends charity bash in London Up to her old tricks again Smiling Louise Redknapp steps out in an all-black ensemble as she continues to insist her marriage with Jamie is 'great' following false claims of a rift 'He couldn't understand I didn't want to have sex with him': Janet Street-Porter, 70, was assaulted by a friend when she was in her twenties 'I love you so much': Kim Kardashian wishes husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday as mother-in-law Kris Jenner calls him a 'beautiful soul' Family first Pretty in pink! Camila Cabello shows off flirty side in bright fuchsia crop top while promoting new single in NYC Looked gorgeous on Thursday morning  High five! Jennifer Lopez cheers on beau A-Rod's daughter Tashi, 12, as she sings for the pop star in sweet Instagram video Hit a high five Hot heiress! Paris Hilton dons leather pants and matching choker as she jets from LAX with beau Chris Zylka Smitten Michael Caine's $8.7million luxury apartment in Miami goes up for sale equipped with four bedrooms, media room and stunning beach views  EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Alba's Honest Company agrees to pay $1.55 million class action settlement after claims of 'dishonest' advertising Mary J Blige ordered to pay ex Martin Isaacs $30k per month in spousal support... $100k less than he wanted Will also have to pay retroactive support  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her baby bump in a teal two-piece as she posts throwback snap from her Thailand baby-moon  Yummy mummy-to-be Vanessa White shows off her curves in skimpy yellow snakeskin bikini as she frolics in the water in Ibiza... just two months after split from Gary Salter Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows off her cleavage in a white bikini top and a bohemian maxiskirt as she steps out in Mykonos 'You consistently lie... toxic!': Ariel Winter slams estranged mother Chrystal Workman who told her to 'grow up, dress properly' Took to Twitter 'I don't have a boyfriend... or any kids yet': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind': Courtney Love attacks Palestinian women's rights activist in Twitter tirade calling her 'anti-American'  'We laughed about it!' Jerry Seinfeld says Kesha was nice after THAT awkward interaction... but he still didn't hug her Awkward  'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I'm no pushover!' Katy Perry accuses Taylor Swift of 'character assassination' after writing hit single Bad Blood about their bitter feud Blondes unite! Kristen Stewart, Chelsea Handler and January Jones make a glamorous stand against gun violence at gala 'It's the greatest challenge of her life': Kris Jenner asks followers to pray for cancer-stricken cousin Cici Bussey ahead of stem cell transplant 'It's hard being over 25': Reese Witherspoon feels 'liberated' in her forties as she continues to fight for female importance and diversity in Hollywood  She's irresistible! Joanna Krupa dazzles in tiny low-cut LBD at dinner in LA... and beau Nico Santucci can't keep his lips off her Beautiful in black 'They're going to be doctors and lawyers': Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi won't rule out Jersey Shore reboot... but says her kids won't be on TV Up for a return Making a splash! Pascal Craymer shows off her toned bikini body in a white fringed two-piece as she frolics on the beach in Marbella From Brentwood to Hollywood! Jessica Wright teases a glimpse of her flat stomach in a crop top and pineapple print skirt as she continues LA getaway Is that you A$AP? Bikini clad Kendall Jenner soaks up the sunshine poolside as she beams at her camera-shy mystery man  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves The baby is here! Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he 'can't stop crying' after fiancée Kayla Rae Reid welcomes son Caiden Zane 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Eleanor Tomlinson looks sensational as she steps out in a frilly Victorian-style top with skinny jeans... after teasing new season of Poldark at event Eleanor Tomlinson is chic in peplum-detail white shirt and smart trousers as she teases new series of Poldark at Build LDN event Magical in monochrome Michelle Williams is '70s chic in a sleeveless two-piece and brunette locks as she continues to shoot kidnap drama with Mark Wahlberg in Rome The look that says she's single! Olivia Munn wears leather mini-skirt with sexy split... two months after Aaron Rodgers breakup Looking good 'Never trust a big butt': Blac Chyna leaves curious message along with sultry snaps after Mehgan James is linked to Rob Kardashian Something to say?  Easy does it! Salma Hayek has help from a gentleman as she tries to navigate a NYC sidewalk in her $1,690 Gucci platform heels Steady on 'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Romee Strijd channels Britney Spears as she rocks crop top and messenger hat during cosy outing with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen 'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe are being courted for Joel Edgerton's new gay conversion therapy drama Boy Erased Possible roles Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her sensational bronzed physique in a thigh-skimming blue floral playsuit in Ibiza Looking good Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast Celebrity fit club! Make-up free Nicola Roberts and famous pal Lisa Snowdon showcase their lithe physiques in gym gear as they hike at Ibiza bootcamp 'Brains, beauty, booty!' Love Island star Katie Salmon shows off blonde braids and peachy posterior in slogan thong swimsuit in Ibiza 'I got used to nos and knockbacks': Pixie Lott says she'll bring her experience of finding fame to The Voice Kids as she wows in tiny crop top on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid $120 million divorce Vanessa Hudgens flashes Britney Spears-style diamond belly piercing with help of Adidas crop top as she carries two coffee drinks Slam dunk! Kris Humphries sells Beverly Hills bachelor pad for $8.25M The 32-year-old NBA center has unloaded his California property 'It was daunting': Cindy Crawford says turning 50 'was really hard' as she shows off model physique in white swimsuit for DuJour Bit of all white 'Wearing the same Gucci suit I wore to his christening': Elle Macpherson looks proud at her 14-year-old son Aurelius Cy Busson's middle school graduation Hugh Jackman braves sub-zero temperatures for cryotherapy treatment after a host of stars promote the health trend Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' Coming out swinging! Jay Z's streaming service Tidal to offer boxing movie starring TWO Oscar winners Offering an original movie Camera ready! Kate Upton is fresh-faced as she heads to photo shoot in striped pants and tank top Looked flawless on Wednesday Mamma mia! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen keep casual in jeans and sneakers on the set of Little Italy Katy Perry to co-host Sunrise but will NOT appear on its rival show... despite being scheduled to perform on Channel Nine's The Voice Australia Stunning in scarlet! Princess Mary goes VERY glam in bright red stilettos and a Dolce & Gabbana dress after a whirlwind week of conference talks Late night? Hugh Grant, 56, stifles a yawn as he joins his girlfriend Anna Eberstein, 35, to watch the tennis at Roland Garros in Paris It's a hard life... One direction and it's down under! Harry Styles announces new dates for an intimate Australian arena tour ...but tickets are likely to sell out in minutes Stopping to smell the roses! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin enjoy morning stroll together The couple stepped out to smell the flowers and pick up their coffee On the town! Sober Brad Pitt is seen leaving LA concert with energy drink in hand after admitting he 'was boozing too much' Total abstinence  RHONY star Jules Wainstein's estranged husband facing jail time after failing to pay child support and expenses Ordered to appear in court Red hot! Minka Kelly looks ready for summer in bright patterned sundress while out for coffee in LA without rumored beau Jesse Williams 'Taking rest in the jungle': Kate Hudson shares a selfie from Cambodia as she explores country with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey Cat Deeley looks effortlessly chic in a silk polka dot blouse and skinny jeans as she steps out in style in New York City Simple yet sophisticated The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'Fat feminist lesbian' Beth Ditto slams critics who say models like Ashley Graham aren't 'fat enough', insisting people need to 'quit being mean' Pop Idol star Darius and the Funny Girl cast enjoy boozy night in Glasgow... but co-star party girl Sheridan Smith is nowhere to be seen 'I don't know who's in control': Naomi Watts shares girl-on-girl kiss as she lives double life in steamy trailer for new series Gypsy She plays a therapist  'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Naked shoulders! Lea Michele flashes one of her 14 tattoos as she displays cleavage in clever black top at TV event in Canada Fetching black outfit Perfect match! Jessica Alba and husband Cash Warren wear the same shirt while celebrating daughter Honor's birthday Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab 'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'Many more dates to be added': Lorde announces Melodrama world tour shows in Australia and New Zealand ahead of album release 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  'Twice the blessing, twice the fun': The Bachelor's Vienna Girardi says she's expecting twins Took to Instagram on Thursday  'She's a blessing!' Heavily pregnant Laura Prepon reveals she and fiance Ben Foster are expecting a baby girl on Live With Kelly And Ryan Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  'We're just here for funsies!': Mike Myers is unrecognizable in first trailer for revived The Gong Show 'This summer, a legend returns'  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: The CMO Club June 08, 2017 09:00 ET The CMO CLUB Launches 2017 CMO Awards Voted by Peers Nominations Now Being Accepted NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - The CMO Club today announced this year's 2017 CMO Awards, created by CMO Club members to celebrate the marketing industry's brightest leaders and to provide a forum to share their successes with other CMOs and future CMOs. Nominations are open to the public and are now being accepted online at www.TheCMOAwards.com for CMOs in ten dynamic categories. Established in 2013, The CMO Award program is the first and only program driven and decided entirely by an elite group of peer CMOs. In addition, 2017 will mark the CMO Awards' fifth induction into the CMO Hall of Fame. Last November, the honor went to Antonio Lucio, Global Chief Marketing & Communication Officer at HP Inc, who joined 2015 winner Jon Iwata, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Communications at IBM, 2014 winner Beth Comstock, CMO at GE and 2013 winner Stephen Quinn, CMO of Walmart. Nominees for outstanding CMOs in the ten categories may be submitted between June 5th 2017 and July 15th 2017 via the online nomination form. Nominations are open to the public and nominees are not required to be a member of The CMO Club. Nominees must hold the title of CMO or senior marketing title for a major company, brand, or organization (excludes companies selling predominately to marketing organizations). Marketing executives are permitted to nominate themselves. Finalists in each of the ten Award categories will be announced in August, selected by CMOs in The CMO Club, with four winners per category selected by October 10th, 2017 as voted on by fellow CMOs, and announced at The CMO Club's Innovation and Inspiration Summit in New York, NY. (www.thecmoclubsummit.com). All finalists, winners and the 2017 CMO Hall of Fame inductee will be honored at the 2017 CMO Awards Dinner November 14th, 2017 in NYC, and will participate in an "All Star" Thought Leadership roundtable prior to the event. "We are excited to honor these amazing marketing leaders and showcase their success -- first with their peers and then to the world. Building on the five-year success of the program, we have ten categories to celebrate the comprehensive accomplishments of the award-winning CMOs. Our recently enhanced nomination and voting platform will allow for increased participation and engagement among CMO Club members, nominees and the global business community as a whole," noted CMO Club Founder and CEO, Pete Krainik. 2017 CMO Awards Categories The CMO Leadership Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in building, leading and motivating a high performing marketing organization. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Building or transforming a marketing organization to succeed in today's dynamic marketing environment. 2. Innovative techniques or approaches in motivating his/her marketing organization to create a high performance team. 3. Adopting new approaches in training, education and expertise within his/her organization to achieve extraordinary team performance. The CMO Marketing Innovation Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated capability in creating an innovative environment that delivers break-through marketing and game-changing outcomes in ROI, customer engagement, and/or for the industry. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Fostering a marketing organization's ability to deliver new innovation to his/her company or the industry. 2. Delivering "game-changing" marketing innovation(s) for ROI, customer engagement or brand differentiation. 3. Producing exceptional marketing innovation(s) by leveraging new partnerships. The CMO Officers Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated ability to lead companywide transformation and brand leadership beyond the marketing department. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Catalyzing an entire organization's ability to understand, communicate and live the brand beyond the marketing department. 2. Leading and delivering company wide transformation. The CMO Growth Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in the development and implementation of new strategies, tools and programs resulting in significant company growth. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Constructing the launch of novel products, services or capabilities resulting in significant company growth above and beyond industry benchmarks. 2. Implementing new tools, technology and information-based decision making for increased ROI, customer engagement or brand differentiation. The CMO Rising Star Award - Based on less than 10 years of experience and a marketing executive's demonstrated capabilities in leading an organization, fostering marketing innovation and spearheading the growth agenda. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Leading a high performing marketing organization. 2. Demonstrating innovation in marketing for increased ROI, customer engagement or brand differentiation. 3. Spearheading the growth agenda for the company. The CMO Social Responsibility Award - based on a marketing executive's extraordinary approach in corporate social responsibility and/or cause marketing efforts for social and other charitable causes. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Crafting a high performing non-profit organization through in-house efforts -- or -- spearheading collaborative efforts between a for-profit and not-for profit organization for mutual benefit and results. 2. Successfully driving shareholder and social value by adhering to principles of "doing well by doing good." 3. Delivering impact and connecting with audiences by communicating and reinforcing shared values. The CMO Content Engagement Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in creating and curating relevant and valuable content to develop brand affinity, engage audiences, create community and positively impact customer experiences. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Transforming the customer experience through helpful, relevant content that resonates with the organization's mission, speaks to an audience's needs, and nurtures an engaged community. 2. Generating successful measurement of content engagement and ROI to improve the customer experience, generate demand and capture conversions. The CMO Customer Experience Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in creating high impact customer experiences. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Designing and implementing novel customer experience approaches that reinforce the brand and generate new levels of customer advocacy for the brand. 2. Leveraging new technology and tools to facilitate connection, insight and improve customer experience across touch points and along the entire customer journey. The CMO Creativity and Story Telling Award- Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in stand-out story telling and creativity that separates the brand from others in the category. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Crafting new stories about the brand that fundamentally change the brand's relationship with customers and differentiates the brand in the industry. 2. Designing novel methods to telling and delivering a brand story with attention-getting approaches via multiple channels. The CMO President's Circle Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated dedication to the mission of the CMO Club by building relationships with peer members, collaborating and sharing with members and helping new CMOs to benefit from the peer-based community conversations. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Facilitating peer to peer networking and introducing members to other members to foster the collaborative value of the club. 2. Sharing mutually-beneficial content and insights with peers and encouraging CMO-curated content for the benefit of the community. 3. Successfully referring marketing heads to the club to continually enhance the value of the members, conversations and experiences. 4. Sharing the Club benefits and value to elevate the profession of marketing. For more information on The CMO Awards program and past winners, go to: http://www.thecmoawards.com/ About The CMO Club: The CMO Club -- for Senior Marketing Executives only -- is a membership organization of over 600 client side Marketing Executives, designed to connect members for peer based learning, and inspire professional and personal growth. The unique purpose of The CMO Club is to bring Heads of Marketing together in an environment of openness and collaboration with no vendor selling permitted, that enables them to excel at what they do and solve their biggest CMO challenges. Tailored exclusively for the benefit of senior marketing executives, The CMO Club hosts dinners and events, shares reports and research from marketing industry leaders, and leverages the first online engaged CMO community network. For membership information, email membership@thecmoclub.com or call 908-342-1632. CMOs can request membership at www.thecmoclub.com Contact Information Press Contact: Brooke Weathersby Blast PR on Behalf of The CMO Club 623-261-4241 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company The CMO Club From this industry Professional Services From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Comey’s devastating indictment of President Donald Trump Five takeaways from Comey’s dramatic testimony Comey handed Mueller a fat case file on Trump U.K. election ends in hung parliament White-collar lawyers see opportunity in Trump scandals Inside the twists and turns of past White House investigations Politico Morning Tax An early filing of the day's tax news Get the Morning Tax Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Deconstructing Kansas By Bernie Becker 06/08/2017 10:00 AM EDT With help from Aaron Lorenzo SO, ABOUT KANSAS: This is the big question about what has to be called the failure of the Kansas tax cut experiment — what sort of impact will it have on the tax reform debate up and down Pennsylvania Avenue? Story Continued Below Our Aaron Lorenzo and your Morning Tax author tackled that question, and found there were definitely some lessons that Washington could learn from the problems in Topeka. (For starters, broadening the base is your friend in tax reform.) Top tax writers like House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady said what happened in Kansas would have “no impact” on their work on a tax overhaul. But it’s certainly a fair question, given that there are at least some similarities between what was enacted under Gov. Sam Brownback and what Washington Republicans want to do — in short, a lower rate for pass-through income than ordinary individual income. Here’s one explanation that was offered for why the two are an imperfect comparison — the design of the Kansas tax cuts, which totally erased taxes on pass-throughs, was so bad that it’s hard to even contemplate anything like it passing in D.C. “I don’t know how you could possibly replicate it at the federal level,” said Liam Donovan, the director of legislative and political affairs at Associated Builders and Contractors and a former top staffer at the National Republican Senatorial Committee. “It’s so egregious — we’re talking about pass-throughs paying zero. It’s almost cartoonish.” Democrats saw the end of the Brownback tax cuts as vindication for their long-held and deep skepticism over supply-side economics, and the idea — still being pushed recently by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin — that tax cuts can pay for themselves. “We need to lock our congressional Republicans in a room with the Kansas Legislature — not exactly a radical group, to be clear — so the Kansas folks can explain to the D.C. folks the totally predictable failure of their trickle-down experiment,” said the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities’ Jared Bernstein, who was a top economic adviser to former Vice President Joe Biden. Bernstein added: “If facts could kill trickle-down lore, I’d have written its eulogy years ago.” WELCOME TO THURSDAY, where Morning Tax couldn’t be the only tax dork to be distressed by Wednesday’s rather sharp exchange between Sen. Ron Wyden and Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence. We’ll always have the 2011 Wyden-Coats bipartisan comprehensive tax reform bill. And yes, they apparently know this down to the day: The Vikings began their invasion of England on this day 1,224 years ago, with a raid on an abbey on the Holy Island of Lindisfarne. Let us know what’s going on. Email: bbecker@politico.com, teckert@politico.com, bfaler@politico.com, cwilhelm@politico.com, alorenzo@politico.com. Twitter: @berniebecker3, @tobyeckert, @brian_faler, @colinwilhelm, @AaronELorenzo, @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Tax. THIS IS WHERE WE ARE ON THE BAT: Even Douglas Holtz-Eakin — who co-wrote the paper that House Republicans used to sell the border adjustment — sounds like he thinks the idea’s time has passed. “At some level, these ideas are your children and you love them. It’s pretty hard to say, well, now you’re an orphan, sorry, bye,” Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum, told Bloomberg, adding: “Time is our enemy here.” The major thrust of the Bloomberg story is that House Speaker Paul Ryan — and, by association, Brady — is clinging to his plan, which has few other fans, to the detriment of trying to find an alternative. “The resulting impasse could relegate the House to the sidelines as the Trump administration and Republican senators try to come up with an alternative plan. The worst-case scenario for Republicans is that they never find one,” Anna Edgerton wrote. (The devil’s advocate here: If there was a compelling alternative, wouldn't it have materialized by now?) UNDERSCORING ALL OF THAT … : The Business Roundtable, the group of big corporate chief executives, sent a letter Wednesday imploring congressional leaders that “now is the time to shift from listening to action” on tax reform. (And remember, the White House just launched another round of "listening sessions.") More than 20 chief executives thanked Congress for reaching out to business on the issue and holding hearings, before calling a tax overhaul the “highest priority.” “Business Roundtable recently surveyed its membership and found that a significant majority of CEOs believe that tax reform is the single most effective action that Congress can take to accelerate economic growth over the next year,” the CEOs wrote. On some level, it’s not surprising that business leaders are getting antsy about tax reform. But the letter also underscores how hamstrung the tax debate has been in recent months. Chief executives from companies in the pro-border adjustment coalition (GE, Boeing) and the opposition (Wal-Mart) both signed the letter, illustrating the difficulty groups like BRT have had on tax reform given the divisions within their own membership. BAT DEBATE GETS CHIPPY: Brady took a little shot at the Koch brothers and their opposition to the House blueprint this week — calling them just a “special interest fighting to retain a special tax break," as documented by the Washington Examiner’s Joseph Lawler. As it happens, Koch World didn’t take too kindly to that. "Respectfully, please show us that tax break and we’ll oppose it. Our company has consistently opposed the establishment and continuation of any subsidy, mandate, or special interest carveout (examples here, here, here and here) that rigs the system and gives preference to one industry over another. This includes any special interest tax break and those programs where we might participate and benefit,” Philip Ellender of Koch Companies Public Sector aid in a statement, adding they opposed the border adjustment because it would raise prices on consumers. ** A message from Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America: Wine and spirits wholesalers are family-owned businesses and a major economic engine operating at some 3,000 locations nationwide and employing 74,000 workers. These workers earn more than $6.5 billion in wages each year. The industry as a whole generates more than $50 billion in state and federal taxes. ** GIVING SOME OF THOSE TAXES BACK: Talk about something that would be a big deal for both health care and tax reform — Senate Republicans are seriously looking at keeping some of Obamacare’s taxes for a few more years in their replacement proposal, the POLITICO’s Jennifer Haberkorn, Burgess Everett and Adam Cancryn report. On one level, that makes a lot of sense — the Senate GOP has been talking about policies that are more generous than the American Health Care Act passed by the House, and there’s only so many ways to pay for that. "There are just two dials here," said Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri. (One dial is the tax side, the other dial the benefits side.) "You have to keep turning [them] until you get a majority who says, 'I like that dial and that dial set right there.' And that's a big part of how this has to come together." There’s no doubt that keeping portions of the Obamacare taxes would disappoint House Republicans and small-government types. Brady has talked over and over about what he sees as the destructive nature of the Affordable Care Act taxes, when asked about the possibility of the Senate not getting rid of them all. Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform tweeted this week about “ugly rumors that the Senate might not repeal all the $992 billion in Obamacare taxes.” Another potential issue, though this is looking pretty far down the line: A GOP tax overhaul would not lower the tax burden as much as some Republicans would like if some ACA taxes survive. THAT’S NOT GOING OVER WELL: More than five dozen countries, including China, signed a pact on Wednesday that seeks to rein in both double taxation and tax avoidance — but one country was conspicuous in its absence, according to Bjarke Smith-Meyer, our colleague from POLITICO Europe. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and the Group of 20 co-wrote the agreement, but the U.S. — a member of both — didn’t sign it. OECD officials said America’s absence won’t make much of a substantive difference, given the strength of the U.S.’s tax treaties. It’s also fair to note that this would have been the outcome under either President Barack Obama or President Donald Trump. Still, critics said America’s decision not to sign undermines the efforts to battle offshore tax gaming, with some suggesting it’s the latest sign that the U.S. is retreating from its role as a world leader. “Today, the U.S. administration chose to double down on its abdication of American leadership. After withdrawing from the climate change accords last week, the administration backed away from another Paris-based international agreement today — one that combats tax avoidance by multinational corporations,” said Clark Gascoigne of the FACT Coalition. PSA: Do you want to see improvements in the IRS’s website? Well, tell them about it. The tax collector has a new seven- to nine-minute survey on its site that asks how the IRS can improve its web presence. PERSONNEL UPDATE: The National Association of Manufacturers named Carolyn Lee executive director of The Manufacturing Institute, its central research arm. Lee has spent almost six years as senior director of tax policy at NAM. INTERNATIONAL UPDATE — THAT’S ONE WAY TO PUT IT: Germany’s environment minister called a court ruling that could force Berlin to give back billions of euros in taxes to energy utilities a “colossal irritation,” the BBC reports. The nuclear fuel tax, now more than six years old, pumped some 6.3 billion euros into Germany’s finance ministry between 2011 and 2016, The Financial Times noted. But Germany’s Constitutional Court ruled that parliament had exceeded its powers in enacting the tax. The tax first went into place as a trade between the industry and the government, with the nuclear sector getting a longer service life for its reactors. But following the 2011 nuclear disaster in Fukushima, Japan, Chancellor Angela Merkel decided to shutter the nuclear industry by 2022, yet kept the tax on the books. STATE NEWS — WHO LOVES PROPERTY TAXES? The Oregon Legislature is considering a bill that would hike property taxes for buyers of newer properties in the state’s largest county, Multnomah, the Oregonian reports. The bill would let cities fiddle with property tax rates for newer structures and buildings after renovations, a step that some local officials said would ease the tax burden for longtime residents. “Certainly this has a positive revenue impact for the city, but we're also motivated by the fairness issue,” said a lobbyist for the city of Gresham. In perhaps bigger news from the Beaver State: “Top Democrats in the Oregon House and Senate say they've reached agreement on a corporate tax plan that would raise nearly $900 million in the next two years to patch the state's budget hole and increase education funding.” QUICK LINKS — Sen. Orrin Hatch: Short-term revenue loss in tax reform wouldn’t be a big deal. — Rep. Richard Neal: Tax reform, infrastructure should be linked. — National taxpayer advocate: Policy to deprive people with seriously delinquent tax bills might violate rights to due process. — West Virginia is still stuck on taxes. — Uber fares in Britain don’t include the value-added tax, allowing it a leg up on competitors. DID YOU KNOW? Gresham’s Law, in economics, states that “bad money drives out good.” ** A message from Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America: Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) is a widely-accepted inventory accounting method used by large and small companies around the country. Under some tax reform proposals, family-owned American wine and spirits wholesalers would be forced to pay massive retroactive taxes on their LIFO reserves. This tax on family businesses would result in a tax increase of nearly $3,000 for every wholesaler employee. LIFO repeal results in higher future tax bills that are a particular burden for family-owned companies and threatens wine and spirits wholesalers’ ability to invest in new inventory, employees, training, equipment and technology. WSWA opposes the repeal of LIFO. Click here to watch how wholesalers help a bottle get to you. ** « View Archives Authors: Bernie Becker bbecker@politico.com About The Author Bernie Becker is a tax reporter for POLITICO Pro, where he is primarily responsible for writing the Morning Tax tipsheet. He previously covered taxes for The Hill, and was an editorial assistant for The New York Times in Washington. A native of Martinsville, Va., Becker has degrees from the College of William and Mary and the University of Maryland. He now lives in Northwest D.C. with his wife and young daughter. His hobbies include running, reading history books, eating spicy food and watching his daughter chase his cat. Most Read Comey’s devastating indictment of President Donald Trump Full text: James Comey testimony transcript on Trump and Russia Paul Ryan’s debt ceiling conundrum Iran's foreign minister calls White House condolences on Tehran attack 'repugnant' Comey blasts White House for ‘lies, plain and simple’ ‘If We Are Deported, Who Benefits?’ Comey says he felt 'queasy' after Lynch directive on email probe GOP uncertainty over Obamacare drives out insurers Aide: Trump's mood 'light' as Comey testimony unfolds White-collar lawyers see opportunity in Trump scandals Morning Tax - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 6/8/17 Wednesday, 6/7/17 Tuesday, 6/6/17 Monday, 6/5/17 Friday, 6/2/17 View the Full Morning Tax Archives » Politico Magazine Will Comey’s Testimony Matter? By POLITICO MAGAZINE ‘If We Are Deported, Who Benefits?’ By Jessica Colotl The Scandal Hiding In Plain Sight By Michael Grunwald Comey's fizzle By Rich Lowry More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 250% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 250% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Reinvents Its Private Brand The company has stepped up its efforts to make its house label compelling to its members. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Jun 8, 2017 at 9:08AM There was a time when house brands meant generic packaging and no-frills products. You still see that in some supermarkets where sad-looking bags of cereal with names like "Fruit Rings" or "Frosty Flakes" sit on shelves next to their name-brand counterparts. That's no longer the norm, though, as many house brands look more like high-end products and while they still deliver value, that's not the only reason they exist. Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ: WFM) has even built an entire store concept around its 365 house brand. The items in that line are cheaper than the name-brand products the chain sells, but they are not the old, grey packaging generics grocery chains once sold. The same is true for Costco's (NASDAQ: COST) Kirkland brand, whose products mirror the quality of the name brands stocked by the chain. Now, Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) Sam's Club has reinvigorated and reimagined its own house brand. The membership-based chain has totally redone its once varied array of private-label products, combining them all under a single name. Sam's Club's Member's Mark line includes a wide array of products. Image source: Sam's Club. What is Sam's Club doing? "At one point, we had 21 private labels," said Sam's Club President of Private Brands Chandra Holt in a press release. "So the first thing I set out to do was to simplify for our members. We now have one private brand -- Member's Mark." A Sam's Club public relations official further explained the consolidation in an email to The Motley Fool. "We hope this simplified approach helps our members easily recognize what our private brand is," said the statement provided by Amy Wyatt-Moore. "We want our members to know when they see the Member's Mark label, they can trust we are offering a best-in-class product that can easily compete or beat its national brand counterpart." In addition to consolidating under one name, Holt has also changed how Sam's Club positions its house brand. In order to do that, she spent "countless hours in focus groups hearing from Sam's Club members on what products they want to see the company offer." She said that the results were clear, specifically in groceries. Members wanted "premium products made with simple ingredients and they wanted to know they were getting the best bang for the buck." That sounds obvious, but it's actually a switch from the past focus of not just Sam's Club, but most house brands, where value alone was the driving force. It's about sales Having a house brand that shoppers equate with national name brands allows a chain to cut out a mouth that needs to be fed in the supply chain. Instead of having to buy the item from its manufacturer, the retailer produces the item itself or uses a third-party producer.  That lets the chain obtain the item at a lower cost, letting it sell it for less money, likely at the same or a greater margin. If the company, Sam's Club in this case, can establish its house brand as a high-quality option, then consumers will opt for it over the name brand when possible. That creates a positive cycle where shoppers switch to brands like Member's Mark and are happy because they have spent less money. That increases their loyalty to the retailer, which is especially important for a warehouse club like Sam's Club, which succeeds or fails based on membership renewals. John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends COST and WFM. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Jun 8, 2017 at 9:08AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $78.93 down $0.22 (-0.28%) Read More Wal-Mart Is Turning the Corner A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button Roundtable: I'm Excited About This 1 Top Stock in Particular Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Reinvents Its Private Brand @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: The CMO Club June 08, 2017 09:00 ET The CMO CLUB Launches 2017 CMO Awards Voted by Peers Nominations Now Being Accepted NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - The CMO Club today announced this year's 2017 CMO Awards, created by CMO Club members to celebrate the marketing industry's brightest leaders and to provide a forum to share their successes with other CMOs and future CMOs. Nominations are open to the public and are now being accepted online at www.TheCMOAwards.com for CMOs in ten dynamic categories. Established in 2013, The CMO Award program is the first and only program driven and decided entirely by an elite group of peer CMOs. In addition, 2017 will mark the CMO Awards' fifth induction into the CMO Hall of Fame. Last November, the honor went to Antonio Lucio, Global Chief Marketing & Communication Officer at HP Inc, who joined 2015 winner Jon Iwata, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Communications at IBM, 2014 winner Beth Comstock, CMO at GE and 2013 winner Stephen Quinn, CMO of Walmart. Nominees for outstanding CMOs in the ten categories may be submitted between June 5th 2017 and July 15th 2017 via the online nomination form. Nominations are open to the public and nominees are not required to be a member of The CMO Club. Nominees must hold the title of CMO or senior marketing title for a major company, brand, or organization (excludes companies selling predominately to marketing organizations). Marketing executives are permitted to nominate themselves. Finalists in each of the ten Award categories will be announced in August, selected by CMOs in The CMO Club, with four winners per category selected by October 10th, 2017 as voted on by fellow CMOs, and announced at The CMO Club's Innovation and Inspiration Summit in New York, NY. (www.thecmoclubsummit.com). All finalists, winners and the 2017 CMO Hall of Fame inductee will be honored at the 2017 CMO Awards Dinner November 14th, 2017 in NYC, and will participate in an "All Star" Thought Leadership roundtable prior to the event. "We are excited to honor these amazing marketing leaders and showcase their success -- first with their peers and then to the world. Building on the five-year success of the program, we have ten categories to celebrate the comprehensive accomplishments of the award-winning CMOs. Our recently enhanced nomination and voting platform will allow for increased participation and engagement among CMO Club members, nominees and the global business community as a whole," noted CMO Club Founder and CEO, Pete Krainik. 2017 CMO Awards Categories The CMO Leadership Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in building, leading and motivating a high performing marketing organization. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Building or transforming a marketing organization to succeed in today's dynamic marketing environment. 2. Innovative techniques or approaches in motivating his/her marketing organization to create a high performance team. 3. Adopting new approaches in training, education and expertise within his/her organization to achieve extraordinary team performance. The CMO Marketing Innovation Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated capability in creating an innovative environment that delivers break-through marketing and game-changing outcomes in ROI, customer engagement, and/or for the industry. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Fostering a marketing organization's ability to deliver new innovation to his/her company or the industry. 2. Delivering "game-changing" marketing innovation(s) for ROI, customer engagement or brand differentiation. 3. Producing exceptional marketing innovation(s) by leveraging new partnerships. The CMO Officers Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated ability to lead companywide transformation and brand leadership beyond the marketing department. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Catalyzing an entire organization's ability to understand, communicate and live the brand beyond the marketing department. 2. Leading and delivering company wide transformation. The CMO Growth Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in the development and implementation of new strategies, tools and programs resulting in significant company growth. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Constructing the launch of novel products, services or capabilities resulting in significant company growth above and beyond industry benchmarks. 2. Implementing new tools, technology and information-based decision making for increased ROI, customer engagement or brand differentiation. The CMO Rising Star Award - Based on less than 10 years of experience and a marketing executive's demonstrated capabilities in leading an organization, fostering marketing innovation and spearheading the growth agenda. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Leading a high performing marketing organization. 2. Demonstrating innovation in marketing for increased ROI, customer engagement or brand differentiation. 3. Spearheading the growth agenda for the company. The CMO Social Responsibility Award - based on a marketing executive's extraordinary approach in corporate social responsibility and/or cause marketing efforts for social and other charitable causes. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Crafting a high performing non-profit organization through in-house efforts -- or -- spearheading collaborative efforts between a for-profit and not-for profit organization for mutual benefit and results. 2. Successfully driving shareholder and social value by adhering to principles of "doing well by doing good." 3. Delivering impact and connecting with audiences by communicating and reinforcing shared values. The CMO Content Engagement Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in creating and curating relevant and valuable content to develop brand affinity, engage audiences, create community and positively impact customer experiences. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Transforming the customer experience through helpful, relevant content that resonates with the organization's mission, speaks to an audience's needs, and nurtures an engaged community. 2. Generating successful measurement of content engagement and ROI to improve the customer experience, generate demand and capture conversions. The CMO Customer Experience Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in creating high impact customer experiences. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Designing and implementing novel customer experience approaches that reinforce the brand and generate new levels of customer advocacy for the brand. 2. Leveraging new technology and tools to facilitate connection, insight and improve customer experience across touch points and along the entire customer journey. The CMO Creativity and Story Telling Award- Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated leadership in stand-out story telling and creativity that separates the brand from others in the category. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Crafting new stories about the brand that fundamentally change the brand's relationship with customers and differentiates the brand in the industry. 2. Designing novel methods to telling and delivering a brand story with attention-getting approaches via multiple channels. The CMO President's Circle Award - Based on a marketing executive's demonstrated dedication to the mission of the CMO Club by building relationships with peer members, collaborating and sharing with members and helping new CMOs to benefit from the peer-based community conversations. Framework for consideration includes: 1. Facilitating peer to peer networking and introducing members to other members to foster the collaborative value of the club. 2. Sharing mutually-beneficial content and insights with peers and encouraging CMO-curated content for the benefit of the community. 3. Successfully referring marketing heads to the club to continually enhance the value of the members, conversations and experiences. 4. Sharing the Club benefits and value to elevate the profession of marketing. For more information on The CMO Awards program and past winners, go to: http://www.thecmoawards.com/ About The CMO Club: The CMO Club -- for Senior Marketing Executives only -- is a membership organization of over 600 client side Marketing Executives, designed to connect members for peer based learning, and inspire professional and personal growth. The unique purpose of The CMO Club is to bring Heads of Marketing together in an environment of openness and collaboration with no vendor selling permitted, that enables them to excel at what they do and solve their biggest CMO challenges. Tailored exclusively for the benefit of senior marketing executives, The CMO Club hosts dinners and events, shares reports and research from marketing industry leaders, and leverages the first online engaged CMO community network. For membership information, email membership@thecmoclub.com or call 908-342-1632. CMOs can request membership at www.thecmoclub.com Contact Information Press Contact: Brooke Weathersby Blast PR on Behalf of The CMO Club 623-261-4241 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company The CMO Club From this industry Professional Services From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Long Island Iced Tea Corp. June 08, 2017 08:00 ET Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues Expansion into Latin America with New Distribution Agreements in Ecuador and Costa Rica Expands into Ecuador through New Partnership with Dinusa; Expands into Costa Rica through New Partnership with Gaia Foods HICKSVILLE, NY--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (NASDAQ: LTEA) (the "Company"), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink ("NARTD") tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced new partnerships to distribute its beverages in Ecuador through Dinusa S.A. ("Dinusa") and in Costa Rica through Gaia Foods CRC S.A. ("Gaia Foods"). Consistent with our strategic focus on Latin America announced in December 2016, Long Island Iced Tea® is now distributed across four countries in Central and South America. Ecuador has an estimated population of over 16 million1 and has an NARTD tea market that has grown at a 13% CAGR from 2011 to 2016, and projected to reach $119 million by 2021.2 Costa Rica has a population of just under 5 million1 and has an NARTD tea market that has grown at a 10% CAGR from 2011 to 2016, and projected to reach $123 million by 2021.3 Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, "We are excited to continue our international expansion in Central and South America. These new partnerships with Dinusa and Gaia Foods allow us to enter new geographic markets and continue growing our customer footprint for our flagship Long Island Iced Tea® brand as well as our newly distributed ALO Juice® brand. Both partnerships compliment distribution positions we have already established in Central and South America." Long Island Iced Tea® is an NARTD tea that will be available through Dinusa and Gaia Foods in 18oz bottles. ALO Juice® is an NARTD functional beverage that will be available through Dinusa and Gaia Foods in 0.5 liter and 1.5 liter bottles. The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade with a splash of tea is an NARTD lemonade that will be available through Gaia Foods in 18oz bottles. About Dinusa. S.A. Dinusa is a distribution company based in Quito, Ecuador and reaches over 15,000 independent accounts. It covers the entire country of Ecuador, including the major cities of Quito, Guayaquil and Cuenca. Dinusa services independent accounts as well as all major supermarket chains including Mi Comisariato, Supermaxi, MegaMaxi, Aquí and Santa Maria. Dinusa is owned by Jabonería Wilson, one of the largest detergent manufacturers in Ecuador with distribution also in Perú and Colombia. Jabonería Wilson has proudly been in business for over 70 years. To learn more about Dinusa and Jabonería Wilson, please visit www.jaboneriawilson.com. About Gaia Foods CRC S.A. Gaia Foods is dedicated to the import and distribution of good quality products that are important for the Costa Rican market, distributing products for over the past 6 years. It has a wide portfolio of products such as Mamma Chia, Joe Chips, Charles Wells Brewery and Casa Bruja Brewing Co. Gai Foods distribution footprint covers store chains including Wal-Mart, Fresh Market, Automercado, Vindi, Perimercado, Más x Menos and a diversity of other on-premise and off-premise accounts. To learn more Gaia Foods, please visit www.gaiafoodscr.com. About Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Headquartered in Long Island, NY, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the non-alcohol ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company's flagship brand 'The Original Long Island Brand Iced Tea®', together with 'The Original Long Island Brand Lemonade™' are marketed as premium beverages made with all-natural, non-GMO ingredients. The company also imports and markets 'ALO Juice®' a functional Aloe Vera based beverage. The Company's portfolio of premium brands sits within the 'better-for-you' category of the beverage industry, and are offered to consumers at an affordable price, reflecting the Company's mission. Its beverages are sold primarily through a network of regional chains and distributors primarily on the East Coast and the Midwest of the United States, as well as Canada and Latin America. The Company's website is www.longislandicedtea.com. Forward Looking Statements This press release includes statements of the Company's expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of the Company's business strategies and its expectations concerning future operations, margins, sales, new products and brands, potential joint ventures, potential acquisitions, expenses, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical or current fact. You can also identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of such words as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "thinks," "estimates," "seeks," "predicts," "could," "projects," "potential" and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. These forward looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Company and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to its operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond its control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These risks include its history of losses and expectation of further losses, its ability to expand its operations in both new and existing markets, its ability to develop or acquire new brands, its relationships with distributors, the success of its marketing activities, the effect of competition in its industry and economic and political conditions generally, including the current economic environment and markets. More information about these and other factors are described in the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the discussions contained under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this press release and the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and the Company cannot predict those events or how they may affect it. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements after the date of this press release as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws. 1 Central Intelligence Agency. The World Factbook. 2017 2 Euromonitor International. RTD Tea in Ecuador. February 2017 3 Euromonitor International. RTD Tea in Costa Rica. February 2017; projected market of CRC69.9 billion by 2021 Contact Information Contacts: For Investors Phil Thomas Long Island Iced Tea Corp. 1-855-542-2832 info@longislandteas.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Long Island Iced Tea Corp. From this industry Financial Services Food and Beverage From this sub-industry Investment Services and Trading Commercial and Investment Banking Venture Capital Ingredients Packaging and Processing Food Retailers Beverages Non Alcoholic and Alcohol-Wine/Spirits Dairy See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Walmart India launches GST helpline to help retail sector Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New Delhi, June 8:   Gearing up for the roll-out of the Goods and Service Tax (GST) from July 1, Walmart India has launched a toll-free helpline for ‘kirana’ and other reseller members to enable a smooth transition into the new tax regime. “The helpline has been set up to address and clarify doubts on all GST-related queries. It has a built-in capacity to handle over 2,500 queries a day with services available in Hindi, Telugu, Punjabi, Marathi and English,” the company said in a statement. “This initiative will lead to a positive impact on our customers as we emerge with a streamlined process both at the back-end and the front-end,” said Krish Iyer, President and CEO, Walmart India. As part of these efforts, Walmart India has also started a series of workshops for SME supplier partners to help them evaluate their GST compliance levels and prepare for the transition. (This article was published on June 8, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS advertising and marketing | retailing | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Tata Motors junks employee designations Bajaj Electricals open to buying Videocon’s Kenstar brand Air-compressor major Elgi aims to become number 2 in global market As Chandra turns on the heat, big names exit Tata firms GM dealers plan class action suit over ‘measly’ compensation Elevator major Kone to set up second plant in Tamil Nadu Mistry raises questions on ₹10-crore-a-year paid as commission to Ratan Tata VA Tech Wabag sees huge potential in Africa, Latin America Finance Ministry may push for IFCI, IIFCL merger FMCG major Marico looks to diversify product portfolio in Bangladesh DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS KSIDC to set up Rs 130-cr food park in Alappuzha 7 min. ago 'Demand for garments growing thanks to digitisation, social media' 14 min. ago Nifty call: Go short on rallies at 9,650 with a stop-loss at 9,665 20 min. ago FinMin extends anti-dumping duty on gypsum boards by one year 35 min. ago Oil stabilises after steep falls, but supply glut prevails 41 min. ago More » From Business Wire Rakhibazaar.com is announcing the much awaited launch of Rakhi Collection 2017 RBI reduces asset provisions, lowers risk weights, effectively makes home loans cheaper: Dr Niranjan Hiranandani Dassault Systèmes ushers in a digital transformation of manufacturing in India at "Manufacturing in the Age of Experience" Rimini Street expands technology platform coverage to include support services for IBM, Microsoft and SAP (Sybase) databases Amar Ujala: The voice of Uttar Pradesh, the choice of Uttar Pradesh O P E N close Recent Article in Companies IndusInd Bank to raise $225 mn for MSME lending IndusInd Bank has entered into an agreement with Overseas Private Investment Corporation to raise $225 million loan to support expans... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Young World Club | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Long Island Iced Tea Corp. June 08, 2017 08:00 ET Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Continues Expansion into Latin America with New Distribution Agreements in Ecuador and Costa Rica Expands into Ecuador through New Partnership with Dinusa; Expands into Costa Rica through New Partnership with Gaia Foods HICKSVILLE, NY--(Marketwired - Jun 8, 2017) - Long Island Iced Tea Corp. (NASDAQ: LTEA) (the "Company"), a growth-oriented company focused on the non-alcohol ready-to-drink ("NARTD") tea segment in the beverage industry, today announced new partnerships to distribute its beverages in Ecuador through Dinusa S.A. ("Dinusa") and in Costa Rica through Gaia Foods CRC S.A. ("Gaia Foods"). Consistent with our strategic focus on Latin America announced in December 2016, Long Island Iced Tea® is now distributed across four countries in Central and South America. Ecuador has an estimated population of over 16 million1 and has an NARTD tea market that has grown at a 13% CAGR from 2011 to 2016, and projected to reach $119 million by 2021.2 Costa Rica has a population of just under 5 million1 and has an NARTD tea market that has grown at a 10% CAGR from 2011 to 2016, and projected to reach $123 million by 2021.3 Philip Thomas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, stated, "We are excited to continue our international expansion in Central and South America. These new partnerships with Dinusa and Gaia Foods allow us to enter new geographic markets and continue growing our customer footprint for our flagship Long Island Iced Tea® brand as well as our newly distributed ALO Juice® brand. Both partnerships compliment distribution positions we have already established in Central and South America." Long Island Iced Tea® is an NARTD tea that will be available through Dinusa and Gaia Foods in 18oz bottles. ALO Juice® is an NARTD functional beverage that will be available through Dinusa and Gaia Foods in 0.5 liter and 1.5 liter bottles. The Original Long Island Brand™ Lemonade with a splash of tea is an NARTD lemonade that will be available through Gaia Foods in 18oz bottles. About Dinusa. S.A. Dinusa is a distribution company based in Quito, Ecuador and reaches over 15,000 independent accounts. It covers the entire country of Ecuador, including the major cities of Quito, Guayaquil and Cuenca. Dinusa services independent accounts as well as all major supermarket chains including Mi Comisariato, Supermaxi, MegaMaxi, Aquí and Santa Maria. Dinusa is owned by Jabonería Wilson, one of the largest detergent manufacturers in Ecuador with distribution also in Perú and Colombia. Jabonería Wilson has proudly been in business for over 70 years. To learn more about Dinusa and Jabonería Wilson, please visit www.jaboneriawilson.com. About Gaia Foods CRC S.A. Gaia Foods is dedicated to the import and distribution of good quality products that are important for the Costa Rican market, distributing products for over the past 6 years. It has a wide portfolio of products such as Mamma Chia, Joe Chips, Charles Wells Brewery and Casa Bruja Brewing Co. Gai Foods distribution footprint covers store chains including Wal-Mart, Fresh Market, Automercado, Vindi, Perimercado, Más x Menos and a diversity of other on-premise and off-premise accounts. To learn more Gaia Foods, please visit www.gaiafoodscr.com. About Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Headquartered in Long Island, NY, Long Island Iced Tea Corp. operates in the non-alcohol ready-to-drink segment of the beverage industry. The Company's flagship brand 'The Original Long Island Brand Iced Tea®', together with 'The Original Long Island Brand Lemonade™' are marketed as premium beverages made with all-natural, non-GMO ingredients. The company also imports and markets 'ALO Juice®' a functional Aloe Vera based beverage. The Company's portfolio of premium brands sits within the 'better-for-you' category of the beverage industry, and are offered to consumers at an affordable price, reflecting the Company's mission. Its beverages are sold primarily through a network of regional chains and distributors primarily on the East Coast and the Midwest of the United States, as well as Canada and Latin America. The Company's website is www.longislandicedtea.com. Forward Looking Statements This press release includes statements of the Company's expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of the Company's business strategies and its expectations concerning future operations, margins, sales, new products and brands, potential joint ventures, potential acquisitions, expenses, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements include any statement that does not directly relate to a historical or current fact. You can also identify these and other forward-looking statements by the use of such words as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "thinks," "estimates," "seeks," "predicts," "could," "projects," "potential" and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. These forward looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting the Company and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to its operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond its control, that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These risks include its history of losses and expectation of further losses, its ability to expand its operations in both new and existing markets, its ability to develop or acquire new brands, its relationships with distributors, the success of its marketing activities, the effect of competition in its industry and economic and political conditions generally, including the current economic environment and markets. More information about these and other factors are described in the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the discussions contained under the caption "Risk Factors." When considering these forward looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this press release and the reports the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and the Company cannot predict those events or how they may affect it. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements after the date of this press release as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws. 1 Central Intelligence Agency. The World Factbook. 2017 2 Euromonitor International. RTD Tea in Ecuador. February 2017 3 Euromonitor International. RTD Tea in Costa Rica. February 2017; projected market of CRC69.9 billion by 2021 Contact Information Contacts: For Investors Phil Thomas Long Island Iced Tea Corp. 1-855-542-2832 info@longislandteas.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Long Island Iced Tea Corp. From this industry Financial Services Food and Beverage From this sub-industry Investment Services and Trading Commercial and Investment Banking Venture Capital Ingredients Packaging and Processing Food Retailers Beverages Non Alcoholic and Alcohol-Wine/Spirits Dairy See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 7 Things You Need to Know About Finance and the Economy Today By Douglas A. McIntyre June 8, 2017 5:19 am EDT Print Email Tweet China had unusually high imports and exports in May. Worries about a slowing economy took a blow as these key indicators showed its factories are working at high capacity and its consumer appetite for goods and services is strong. Exports were up 8.7% from May of last year, and imports by 14.8%, according to information released by the General Administration of Customs, a government agency. The Fortune 500 list was released. One of the oldest business lists in media showed Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) at the top with revenue of $485 billion, followed by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-B) at $223 billion and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) at $215 billion. Crude oil prices plunged as U.S. oil and gas supplies showed surprising strength. According to Reuters: Crude stocks in the United States grew 3.3 million barrels to 513 million barrels, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA). That confounded forecasters who had predicted a drop of 3.5 million barrels, especially a day after data from the American Petroleum Institute indicated an even bigger fall. Pinterest became one of the most valuable “unicorns” as it raised $150 million, which set its valuation at $12.5 billion. Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) announced it had loaned $1 billion to small companies in the past year. It added: Amazon today announced Amazon Lending surpassed $3 billion in loans to small businesses to date since the program launched in 2011. Famous bond investor Bill Gross told attendees at the Bloomberg Invest New York summit that market risk is as high as it has been in 2008 before the Great Recession. Tech sit Recode reported that the combination of AOL and Yahoo would trigger 1,000 layoffs. Both will be owned by Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), which is closing a deal to buy Yahoo. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Highest Paying Jobs You Can Get Without a College Degree S&P Cuts Qatar Rating Over Dispute With Other Nations » Read more: Media, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), BRK-B, Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty States With the Worst Roads 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Highest Paying Jobs You Can Get Without a College Degree Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Did J.P. Morgan Just Lose Jamie Dimon’s Successor as CEO? Strategist Survey for Rest of 2017: Investing in the New Abnormal US Household Wealth Hits New All-Time Record in 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Netgear, Inc. Fell 11% in May Why Deckers Outdoor Corp. Stock Jumped 16.4% in May Why Craft Brew Alliance, Inc. Stock Jumped 22.8% in May U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides Pound drop accelerates, loses grip of $1.27 Option Premiums are Made of Only These Two Things This Week's Hidden Gems: (CAMT)(PATK) Guide to Investing in Robotics Stocks: What's the Future in Automation? Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US bucks trend amid increases for clean energy research The Latest: Reports: UK Conservatives can't win a majority Uber CEO Travis Kalanick Gave Employees 'Sex Rules' Before 2013 Company Party Experts Don't Recommend Writing Comey-Style Memos About Your Boss While You Were Paying Attention To Comey, House Republicans Voted For Everything Big Banks Want Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
↓   JAVASCRIPT IS DISABLED. Please enable JavaScript on your browser to best view this site. Daily Pundit Les Deplorables Daily Pundit→America and Americans→An Absolutely Brilliant Parody Recent Comments Barry on My Thoughts on the Comey Testimony and Related Issues Barry on My Thoughts on the Comey Testimony and Related Issues kennycan on Off Your Rocker and General Insanity pb on My Thoughts on the Comey Testimony and Related Issues Bill Quick on Off Your Rocker and General Insanity Ironbear on Off Your Rocker and General Insanity Barry on My Thoughts on the Comey Testimony and Related Issues Chad on The Ultimate Flame? Barry on Off Your Rocker and General Insanity Bill Quick on Off Your Rocker and General Insanity kennycan on Off Your Rocker and General Insanity kennycan on It Appears That I May Have Been Wrong About the Comey Testimony SteveF on Off Your Rocker and General Insanity SteveF on It Appears That I May Have Been Wrong About the Comey Testimony kennycan on It Appears That I May Have Been Wrong About the Comey Testimony Remember – anything you buy from Amazon through any link on this site puts a commission in my pocket, at no cost to yourself, so thank you very much! Also, arf! from the Presidential Pomeranian. Or just CLICK THIS LINK to start shopping for anything. Don't worry - anything you buy through it will pay Daily Pundit a commission! Thanks! Or, if you are so inclined, donations are always greatly appreciated! Post navigation ← Words to Live By The Nobel Lecture: Bob Dylan → An Absolutely Brilliant Parody Posted on June 7, 2017 by Bill QuickJune 7, 2017 12 GROWL @ AMERICAN DIGEST I SAW the second-best minds of my not-so-Great Generation destroyed by Trump Derangement Syndrome, pasty, paunchy, tenured, and not looking too sharp naked, bullshitting themselves through the African-American streets at cocktail hour lusting for a Cialis refill and one black friend on the down-low, aging hair-plugged hipsters burning for their ancient political connection to the White House through the machinations of monied moonbats, who warred on poverty and Blackwater’s Wal-Mart and bulbous-eyed and still high from some bad acid in 1968 set up no-smoking zones on tobacco farms in the unnatural darkness of Darwinistic delusions floating a few more half-baked secular notions like “Let’s all worship Zero!”, who on the Burly Bears float of gay pride bared their man-breasts and, he she or it, bleated their vaginas’ mawkish monologues to John Kennedy’s ghost under the Capitol Dome and french-kissed Mohammedan agents in the gore-drenched redrum rooms of Guantanamo, who passed gas in grad school and on into universities with radiant meth eyes hallucinating President Hillary and Vice-President What Was His Name Anyway?, envisioning world peace among the masters of war and stayed on and stayed on and stayed on sucking off the great teat of academe in unpaid student loans and over-paid professorial positions the better to molest the minds and bodies of children for decades with every third year off in Provence for bad behavior, who were embraced by the academies and hired by the New York Times for crazy & publishing obscene odes or anything else that trashed Republicans or non-Unitarian Christians without regard for truth since there were no consequences for these posturing poseurs of puke, It helps to be familiar with Ginsberg’s Beat masterwork, Howl, but this stands on its own quite well.  Read the whole thing.  It is bleakly hilarious. Posted in America and Americans, Progtard Douchebags permalink About Bill Quick I am a freethinker who supports the American constitutional system of ordered liberty within the context of western civilization. My primary concern is to increase individual liberty as much as possible in the face of statist efforts to restrict it from both the right and the left. I seek the most liberty possible for the most number of people. You can email me at: icebergwtq-at-gmail-dot-com. View all posts by Bill Quick Post navigation ← Words to Live By The Nobel Lecture: Bob Dylan → Comments An Absolutely Brilliant Parody — 12 Comments Pingback: #TrumpDay – Bard Edition – MareZilla.com Dan in MD on June 7, 2017 at 1:29 pm said: Never having read 'Howl' I did so. I have no idea what they are complaining about now. They got everything they wanted….well, except for 25 million dead, control of our lives in all details and the ability to be recognized as the Masters of the Universe that they see themselves as. At least they are not against the wall (yet) nor in an asylum though soon perhaps just from time (as the last resort) in the grave. I was a bleeding heart liberal (sometimes or mostly) when I was younger, then a libertarian or working to become a competent individual. Now I am becoming that last bastion of civilization – a surly crumudgeon. Log in to Reply J.S. Bridges on June 7, 2017 at 4:04 pm said: The complaint, of course, is two-fold: 1) They were, as you note, thwarted just barely-sufficient to fall tantalizingly-shy of that recognition "…as the Masters of the Universe that they see themselves as.", and 2) It pisses them mightily that it seems still-quite-achievable, if only the nasty li'l proles would just kindly get in line properly, and Get With The Program, like it was promised by Slick Willie, HilLIARy, Soros, et.al. would happen… At least they are not against the wall (yet)… Gotta work on that – …nor in an asylum though soon perhaps… A bit of "assistance" might be needed there, too – we should give that one some though – there might yet be a few "salvageable" ones; stranger things have come to occur… Myself, I never spent more than perhaps a very brief time with the "bleeding-heart lib" phase, and was well-out of the "worst" of the libertarian-to-competence transform before the exit from Academe into Real-World…thus freeing-up the Early-Stage Curmudgeon for long-term "curing" – only now truly needing to shift deeper into the Surly and Advanced-Surly final stages of the Maturation and Endurance processes… Life's not too bad – 'long as ya don't wait too long to live it, and you don't weaken too much in the process… Log in to Reply J.S. Bridges on June 7, 2017 at 3:37 pm said: Oh, indeed – truly well-and-nicely done…and right on point. Thanks for this… I apprehended "Howl" in its entirety only when I was a good bit into my Colletch Daze; it always struck me as proof-positive that ol' Allen must've been deep-beak-dipping at the "recreational"-hallucinogenic watering holes of his day and time – plus, it – in particular – seemed to me to go on…and on…andon, 'way, 'WAYyyy beyond its "useful" imagination-limit… might've been an excessively-extensively lengthy trip-out, who knows for certain, although given the “background” of his time(s) it does seem a likely-certainty, really? Good to see matters shortened-up a bit – and yes, in point of fact, "Growl" is not only spot-on parody, but is grimly, darkly-humorous in its own right. The best, for me, is: who passed gas in grad school and on into universities with radiant meth eyes hallucinating President Hillary and Vice-President What Was His Name Anyway?, envisioning world peace among the masters of war and stayed on and stayed on and stayed on sucking off the great teat of academe in unpaid student loans and over-paid professorial positions… Yes, absolutely – therein is embodied the Truly Lost Generation…the product of which is, of course, the Millennial Mobsters, the "new" Generation Of Vipers, the infestation we are now having to try to deal properly – and harshly-enough – with… Log in to Reply kennycan on June 7, 2017 at 3:51 pm said: I always liked Kerouac though.  Log in to Reply J.S. Bridges on June 7, 2017 at 4:09 pm said: Jack, on balance, would've been pretty hard not to like, at least some…Me, I always liked the fall-back position to be Steinbeck with prose, though – poetry…even some "blank-verse”…is all very well, but it tends to wear a bit thin for me, after awhile… Log in to Reply kennycan on June 7, 2017 at 4:43 pm said: We just went through 8 years of The Winter of Our Disc0ntent.  Log in to Reply J.S. Bridges on June 8, 2017 at 1:14 am said: Agreed – though, looking back, it seems so much longer than that… Log in to Reply Bill Quick on June 7, 2017 at 6:24 pm said: Keep in mind that the Beats were of the generation preceding the Boomers.  In some ways, they were seminal figures for the Boomers, but they never espoused the insane statist bullshit that came to characterize my generation.   Tune in, turn on, and drop out was much more their style. And yes, Ginsberg was up to his ears in dope, especially hallucinogens.  He was good pals with Leary and Alpert (later known as Baba Ram Dass), a significant influence on Bob Dylan, an integral part of the inner Beat circle (Kerouac, Cassady, Ferlingheti, Snyder and, later, Kesey), as well as a host of others.  He was a protege of one of my favorite poets, William Carlos Williams. I knew him personally in the mid 1970s in Denver, when he and his lover, Peter Orlovsky, were heavily involved in the then Naropa Institute in Boulder.  We frequented the same bars.  He was a brilliant, well read and educated man, and funny as hell. For those who have seen it, the famous early video of Bob Dylan doing Subterranean Homesick Blues features Ginsburg in the background in a long black beard. Log in to Reply kennycan on June 8, 2017 at 6:11 am said: I like Ginsberg more than Burroughs. I am just not a fan of Naked Lunch and others he did. Did you meet Kerouac Bill? Log in to Reply Bill Quick on June 8, 2017 at 6:51 am said: No.  Neal Cassidy, though.   And Ferlinghetti, of course.  Many times. Log in to Reply kennycan on June 8, 2017 at 3:56 pm said: Considering Cassidy was a key character in On The Road that is really something.  Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Search for: Live Traffic Stats Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Trump Tweets Follow @@realdonaldtrump Donald J. Trump @@realdonaldtrump Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & also Infrastructure! about 2 days ago I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow. about 2 days ago Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets. about 2 days ago #ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch➡️https://t.co/IMiZr22gAw about 2 days ago Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn… https://t.co/G03W8CEtCS about 2 days ago Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay… https://t.co/zhR24dMzYB about 3 days ago ...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! about 3 days ago So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding... about 3 days ago Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH about 3 days ago During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look! about 3 days ago Old Daily Pundit Archives 2001-2015 CategoriesCategories Select Category #SJW Alt-Right America and Americans Annnd…It’s Muslims Anti-American ANTIFAnatics Are You Tired of All the Winning Yet? Assholes Barbarian Savages Bigots Bitch Clinton Black Racists Blogosphere Boodle Books and Publishing Bureaucrats and Bureaucracy Business Butthurt Bitches Cailfornia Capitalism Car Thread China Clinton Crime Family/Syndicate Commies and Communism Communist China Congress Conservatives Cooking Corruption Crime CuckleyCons Cucks Cuckservatives Cults Culture Current Events Cycles Debt Deep State Defense Delusions and Fantasies Democrat Operatives With Sheepskins Democrat Operators With Bylines Democrats Depression Dhimmi Diet Diversity Dogs Don’t Care Doom and Gloom Dopey Joe Biden Double Down On Dumbass Economy Educrats and Education Election 16 Election 2016 Elections Emergency Preps Energy Europenises Evil Fail Fake News Fascism Feminazis Finance Food Fourth Turning Fuck You! War! Funny Future Tech General Assholery Generations GOP GOPe Government Gun Banners Gun Threads Guns Hacks/Propaganda Health Health Insurance Reform Hilarious History Holidays Hollywood Hopeless Dumbasses Horseshit House of Representatives Hypocrisy Hypocrites and Hypocrisy Illegal Aliens Immigration Immivasion and Immivaders Indiana Intel Iran Iraq Iron Gravy Bowls Irrelevance Islam Israel Jew Hatred Journalism Junk Journalism Junk Law Junk Polls Junk Science Kookservatives Language Law Law and Order Leftists Liberal Fascism Libertarians Liberty Lies and Liars Losers Mainly Socialist Media Make America Great Again Markets McStain Mexico Military Millennials Miscellaneous Modern Times Music Muslims Neca Eos Omnes Never Trump=Hillary Supporters News No Mas Shrubs North Korea NYC Obama Obama Caliphate Obamacare Obamagate Off Topic Oligarchy OnlyBlackCriminalLivesMatter OT Pathetic Patriots and Patriotism Paul RYNO Police State Polls President Trump Progtard Douchebags Progtards Pussies Pussyhats Putin Race In America Racists and Racism Reality Red and Blue Regulatory State Religion Republicans RINOs Rippetoe Ruling Class/Ruling Party Russia Safety and Security Saudi Wahabbia Schadenboners SCOTUS Second Amendment RKBA Senate Shrub Failure SHTF Sick Hillary Singularity Site Notes Sports Statists and Statism Suicidal Idiocy Supreme Court Swamp and Swamp Creatures Tards Of Every Kind Taxes The Academy The Narrative Thug Life Treason Trump Trump Derangement Syndrome Trumped By Trump Twice As Hard Tyranny Ubiquitous Surveillance Uncategorized Unions Virtue Signaling War Weather Weird Welfare State Whackjobs And Lunatics Wut? You’re Fired! Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org ©2017 - Daily Pundit - Weaver Xtreme Theme ↑
Tuscaloosa city councilwoman requesting police substation to com - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings Plan Your Evening News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report News Tuscaloosa city councilwoman requesting police substation to combat crime. 2017-06-08T03:25:22Z2017-06-08T03:33:42Z Source: WBRC TUSCALOOSA, AL (WBRC) - A Tuscaloosa city council member requests a new police substation for her district. Recent stats show District 7,  the southeast side of town has the highest crime rate in the city according to Councilor Sonya Mckinstry. That’s why Mckinstry said she's pushing for a police substation to be placed somewhere in her district listing, Skyland Boulevard near the Walmart there as an example. Mckinstry pointed out while crime has gone down significantly thanks to the crime suppression unit Tuscaloosa police launched, the amount of criminal activity still going on in her district have some worried. “Having those statistics as high as they are, that we should be able to warrant the need for a substation, it would be a tremendous asset for the community give residents a sense of ease,” said Mckinstry. Tuscaloosa police said staffing, crime rate, cost and location have to be considered before deciding to open a new substation. Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved.  NewsMore>> Tuscaloosa police shortage part of the reason for not opening a new substation Tuscaloosa police shortage part of the reason for not opening a new substation Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:00 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:00:43 GMT Tuscaloosa's police shortage may be why there isn't a substation in one of the highest crime ridden parts of the city. More >> Tuscaloosa's police shortage may be why there isn't a substation in one of the highest crime ridden parts of the city.More >> News Alabama man executed for restaurant killings Alabama man executed for restaurant killings Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 11:44 PM EDT2017-06-09 03:44:03 GMT Robert Melson. (Source: WBRC video) Alabama has put to death a man convicted for the 1994 shooting deaths of three fast food restaurant employees. More >> Alabama has put to death a man convicted for the 1994 shooting deaths of three fast food restaurant employees.More >> News First responders gear up to deal with Fentanyl First responders gear up to deal with Fentanyl Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:45 PM EDT2017-06-09 02:45:30 GMT (Source: WBRC video) v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);} o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);} w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);} .shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);} Will you put my 4:30 PKG in here and this facebookMore >> v\* {behaviorurl(#default#VML);} o\* {behaviorurl(#default#VML);} w\* {behaviorurl(#default#VML);} .shape {behaviorurl(#default#VML);} Will you put my 430 PKG in here and this facebook postMore >> Neighbors recall loud boom before body was discovered inside burning car Neighbors recall loud boom before body was discovered inside burning car Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:38 PM EDT2017-06-09 02:38:33 GMT What started off as a fairly routine call ended up as a startling discovery in Birmingham early Thursday morning. More >> What started off as a fairly routine call ended up as a startling discovery in Birmingham early Thursday morning.More >> News Hit and run victim remembered as cool man of faith Hit and run victim remembered as cool man of faith Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:31 PM EDT2017-06-09 02:31:55 GMT Fred Cornelius Wilson would and could talk to anybody, anywhere. More >> Fred Cornelius Wilson would and could talk to anybody, anywhere.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Utah mom accused of pulling son`s teeth out with pliers in Walmart bathroom Utah 0  Updated at 8:28 pm, June 7th, 2017 By: EastIdahoNews.com staff Share This Story We Matched CEDAR HILLS, Utah – A mother is facing child abuse charges for allegedly pulling her son’s teeth in a Walmart bathroom, according to the St. George News. Jeannine Cherilynn Isom charged with one count of child abuse in connection to the incident. The Associated Press reported the 47-year-old woman “bought hand sanitizer and needle-nose pliers from the store on April 2, then took them into the restroom and pulled two of her 7-year-old son’s teeth.” Officers reportedly said the boy’s older brother heard him screaming and removed him from the bathroom. “It wasn’t just a parent trying to get rid of a kid’s lose tooth,” Deputy Utah County Attorney Christine Scott told PEOPLE. “This clearly rose above that and that is what made it criminal — and not something parents do when they are just trying to help their kid lose their baby teeth.” Charging documents show the boy told his brother one of his teeth was loose but the other was not. Isom told police the boy’s teeth were infected, Sgt. Josh Christensen with the American Fork police told PEOPLE. But “he was taken to the dentist a couple of days later and the dentist said there was no sign of an infection whatsoever,” Christensen said. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Managing Editor Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Utah mom accused of pulling son`s teeth out with pliers in Walmart bathroom 7 Jun 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff Toddler nearly drowns when stroller falls into Box Elder Utah canal 1 Jun 2017 Linda Williams, KSL.com Body of missing Utah hiker found in Bell Canyon falls 5 Jun 2017 Pat Reavy, KSL Ex-USU linebacker ordered to stand trial on final sex assault charge 7 Jun 2017 McKenzie Romero, KSL Images in the news Related Stories   Snake venom is key ingredient in experimental drug for heart patients I-15 crossovers in Pocatello begin tomorrow for summer bridge maintenance Tennessee baby dies after judge denies appeal to keep him on life support Gap Fire Now Stands at 80 Acres and Growing Cars and business catch fire from downed Driggs power line Rexburg Police Dept. holds 7th annual special needs luncheon Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Cleveland.com Menu Home News open Politics open Local News open Opinion open Business open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate open Rentals open Videos open Photos open Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds open Find&Save Local Businesses open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists open Courts Nation World Special Reports open Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns open Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining open Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Lyndhurst & South Euclid community blog Roofing employee arrested for OVI on way to appointment: South Euclid Police Blotter Updated on June 7, 2017 at 8:54 PM Posted on June 7, 2017 at 8:52 PM By Andy Attina / cleveland.com SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio Impaired driving, Cedar Road: A Parma man, 40, was arrested for OVI after he was found passed out at the wheel of his vehicle at 12:30 p.m. May 30. He said the odor of alcohol on his breath may have been from the previous weekend. There were six partial cans of an alcoholic beverage and a pill bottle containing a white powder inside his vehicle. The man said he worked for a roofing company and was on his way to an appointment. Hit-skip, Mayfield Road: A woman reported May 27 a man backed his van into her car and then blocked her in and threatened her when they pulled into the Get Go parking lot. She said the incident occurred after he attempted to run her off the road. The suspect was identified through his license registration and officers spoke to him the following day. He said the incident began when the woman, 52, began following him after she failed to yield to him when passing. He denied making any threats. The Cleveland man, 49, was cited for hit-skip, but surveillance video from Get Go did not show the man blocking her in at any time. Theft, Mayfield Road: Two females were suspected of stealing $824 worth of hair extensions from Two Cousins Beauty Supply May 24. They ran from the store and were not located. Theft, Stilmore Road: A man reported May 28 his credit card was used fraudulently to make six separate transactions at Walmart during a three day span. He suspected his brother had been taking his credit card from his wallet and then returning it after using it. Surveillance video was viewed and the man confirmed his brother, a 25-year-old resident, was the suspect. A warrant was issued for his arrest. The total amount of the fraud was $689. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Get Go manager reported at 12:15 a.m. May 25 a boy had stolen a package of potato chips from a delivery in front of the store. The boy left as a passenger in a vehicle, which was identified by a witness. He was found to be a 14-year-old resident of Maplegrove Road and later admitted to the theft. Restitution was made to the store and the staff chose not to press charges. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Euclid woman, 27, was cited for theft at Walmart May 27. She was suspected of using the bar code from a spice packet to scan in place of higher priced items. The total value of the theft was $56.71. Drug abuse, Ellison Road: Officers stopped a vehicle May 28 due to the driver not wearing a seat-belt. The Cleveland Heights man, 20, was found to have an active warrant in the city. He resisted arrest and threatened to spit on officers. Three drug paraphernalia items were located in the vehicle. He was cited for the seat-belt violation and arrested for the warrant. Burglary, Bluestone Road: A woman reported May 30 she arrived home to find her house was broken into and a pistol, gun safe, collectible knives, audio receiver and $350 cash was stolen. Officers determined entry was gained to the house from a first-floor bedroom window. Neighbors reported seeing a boy walking in the area with a bag over his shoulder. The incident is under investigation. Harassment, Salisbury Road: A woman said May 23 her daughter, 16, was being harassed by a 17-year girl at Brush High School and on social media. She suspected the girl, who is also listed as her daughter's step-sister, created a fake Instagram account to cause the harassment. Officers spoke to the suspect's mother, who claimed the girl was actually harassing her daughter. Everyone involved was told to avoid contact with one another. Theft, Mayfield Road: Two 19-year-old South Euclid women were suspected of stealing 93 items, valued at $415, from Giant Eagle May 28. They were both arrested. Criminal damage, South Belvoir Boulevard: A resident reported May 27 someone broke out a window on his rental vehicle while it was parked in the driveway and stole an iPhone from inside of it. He valued the phone at $425 and the damage to the vehicle at $600. Theft, Anderson Road: Two bicycles were reported stolen from a resident's open garage May 26. The resident was not sure when they were stolen, but said she had just purchased them a couple weeks ago for $119 each. See more South Euclid news at Cleveland.com/south-euclid. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. Please take a moment and click here to help the Greater Cleveland Food Bank, a cleveland.com partner. Every dollar you give buys four meals for the hungry.  View Comments About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Friday, June 9th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Local lawmakers weigh in on ex-FBI director ... 10:55 p.m. Thu Michael Peach gets 48 years for sexually ass... 10:55 p.m. Thu New Get-Go, Panera coming to Boardman 10:55 p.m. Thu Farrell acquatics instructor saves summer fo... 9:55 p.m. Thu Courthouse statues to be displayed June 27 9:55 p.m. Thu Austintown freshman qualifies for national d... 9:55 p.m. Thu all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman | Print Tweet Published: Wed, June 7, 2017 @ 7:34 p.m. A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND June 2 Menacing: A Lee Run Road woman said she had been threatened while she was in the 6700 block of Boardwalk Drive. June 5 Identity fraud: A Greystone Drive man found that his credit card had been used to make a $201 fraudulent purchase. BOARDMAN June 1 Arrest: After conducting a vehicle check on Market Street, police took into custody Jeronica A. Wolfe, 44, of Sunset Boulevard, Boardman, who was wanted on a warrant charging violation of a protection order. In early April, a neighbor alleged Wolfe, against whom he had a protection order, had threatened him. Aggravated menacing: A Washington Boulevard man told officers a man revealed a gun as the accuser intervened on behalf of his wife, who earlier confronted the man after she reportedly had seen him striking a dog. Assault: A South Schenley Avenue woman alleged a neighbor had struck the right side of her neck during an argument in a hallway as she cleaned various outdoor items. Citation: Police on South Avenue pulled over and cited Jose M. Carrion-Riveria, 19, of Third Street, Campbell on a marijuana-possession charge. Breaking and entering: Someone pried a lock, then entered a garage to a vacant Meadowbrook Avenue residence. Several windows were broken as well. Burglary: To a garage in the 5400 block of Mill Creek Boulevard. Stolen was a 20-inch bicycle. Drugs: Authorities at St. Elizabeth Youngstown Hospital arrested Laishawn W. Newkirk Sr., 39, of Southern Boulevard, Boardman, on charges of drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia, related to a welfare check Jan. 20, 2016, in which police reportedly found two suspected marijuana pipes, a jar of suspected marijuana, three devices commonly used to grind marijuana and a digital scale. Identity theft: An Orlo Lane man found his debit card had been used to make $4,300 worth of fraudulent charges at a Macedonia big-box store. Arrest: Breona J. Layton, 24, was arrested on a warrant charging her with inducing panic after a drug overdose April 25 at her Southern Boulevard residence. Layton’s boyfriend reported having found her unresponsive, a report showed. Citation: Officers responded to a report of a suspicious person in the 7400 block of West Boulevard before citing Tyrone L. Gordon Sr. of Eleanor Avenue, Youngstown, after alleging Gordon, 56, had 1.2 grams of suspected marijuana in the car. Theft: A man who was given a cup for water at McDonald’s, 22 Boardman-Canfield Road, reportedly filled the cup with soda and left without paying. Aggravated menacing: Police responded to a report that an 8-year-old boy had been threatened with a gun during an argument that broke out at a basketball game near Erie Street and Terrace Drive. Domestic violence: Jay R. Weston, 31, of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, Youngstown, was picked up on a domestic-violence warrant after his former girlfriend, of South Avenue, alleged Weston had punched her face and flipped her over his shoulder, causing her to black out, during an argument. Theft: Sherry A. Uhrin, 49, who listed Campbell addresses on Monette and First streets, was charged in the theft of two tubes of mascara and other small items from Marc’s, 7121 Tiffany Blvd. June 2 Aggravated menacing: Officers responded to a Boardman Center Intermediate School student, who reported someone had contacted her via Instagram and threatened to hack into her cellphone unless she sent inappropriate pictures of herself. Attempted theft: Someone in the 100 block of Prestwick Drive entered a car, though nothing appeared to have been removed. Aggravated menacing: An employee with a U.S. Route 224 dentist’s office alleged a patient threatened on several occasions to kill her and others at the business. The patient also spit on her, she further alleged. Burglary: Youngstown police handed to township authorities Tina M. Jarrette, 50, of Wood Street, Youngstown, who was wanted on a burglary charge after someone had broken into a home March 9 in the 7000 block of Paxton Road, then took $1,100, a safe and a Social Security card. Drugs: Kalyn D. Sly, 22, faced a felony cocaine-possession charge after police had pulled him over near Aravesta Avenue. Sly, of Shields Road, Boardman, had a bag that contained 0.1 grams of suspected cocaine, authorities alleged. Unauthorized use of a vehicle: An official with R&J Trucking Inc., 8063 Southern Blvd., said a former driver took and refuses to return a tractor-trailer. Theft: A dealer plate was stolen off a vehicle at a business in the 5300 block of Market Street. Misuse of a credit card: A West Boulevard man found out his stolen credit card had been used to make numerous fraudulent charges at area businesses. Theft: An official with a Market Street health care facility reported at least four prescription pills had been stolen. Criminal damaging: An employee with a Tiffany Boulevard restaurant reported a boulder had been used to smash a rear window to his vehicle. Attempted theft: Someone entered a car in the 1800 block of Palo Verde Drive, though it appeared nothing was missing. Drugs: Police responded to a loud argument in the 30 block of Shields Road, where an officer reported having seen in a laundry room two cigarette-pack wrappers that contained chunks of an off-white substance suspected of being crack cocaine or heroin. No arrests were made at the time of the report, however. Theft: A Shields Road woman reported a wallet and several cards missing from her vehicle. Harassment: A man and his girlfriend said they received 20 unwanted text messages while they were in the 7100 block of Market Street. Theft: Someone took $20, a vehicle title and other documents from a car in the 4000 block of Glenwood Avenue. Theft: A Struthers woman told officers her teenage daughter’s cellphone was stolen while the girl was at a Tiffany Boulevard business. Misuse of a credit card: A Crestview Drive man learned that his missing credit card had been used to make two charges at township drug stores that totaled $185. Arrest: A traffic stop on Market Street resulted in Travis W. Soltesiz’s arrest. Soltesiz, 31, of Wildwood Drive, Boardman, was wanted on an Ohio State Highway Patrol warrant charging failure to appear in court. Theft: A man reportedly stole two pairs of shorts and one pair of pants from Kohl’s, 383 Boardman-Poland Road. Stolen property: Three Youngstown boys, 13, 14, and 15, faced charges after a Warren man had reported his $700 cellphone stolen at a Boardman-Poland Road big-box store. June 3 Arrest: A vehicle check near East Midlothian Boulevard resulted in the arrest of Deyonte J. Turner of Friendship Avenue, Boardman, who was wanted on a Niles warrant charging failure to appear in court. Turner, 22, also was handed a minor-misdemeanor citation charging marijuana possession. Theft: Melissa M. Neiderer, 24, and Tami L. Peffer-Palmer, 44, faced theft charges. The two Ellwood City, Pa., women were accused of stealing a dish set, a pair of sunglasses and clothing from Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive. Harassment: A Boardman-Canfield Road man said he received a threatening call from a blocked number. Drugs: After pulling him over near Glenwood Avenue, authorities charged Raymont J. Ingram, 39, of New Court, Youngstown, with felony drug abuse after alleging Ingram had five over-the-counter pills in a plastic bag. Criminal mischief: A former worker with a Market Street gas station reportedly removed a nozzle and sprayed gasoline on the ground near the pump. Assault: Anthony C. Ciccolelli, 25, of Cobblers Run Drive, Poland, surrendered on a simple-assault charge, related to a fight May 13 in which a man reported having been assaulted in the 7300 block of South Avenue. Theft: Audreyona M. Ward, 22, of Volney Road, Youngstown, was charged with stealing $72 worth of merchandise that included a tank top from Walmart. June 4 Arrest: Jerwanda M.L. Atkins of Plazaview Court, Youngstown, was picked up during a traffic stop on Market Street. Atkins, 25, was wanted on a Campbell warrant charging failure to appear in court. Burglary: To an apartment in the 8000 block of Cook Avenue, from which a 42-inch TV was stolen. Citation: Officers near Overhill Road pulled over then issued a minor-misdemeanor citation charging Justintyler A. Williams, 35, of Canfield Road, Youngstown, with having a bag of suspected marijuana. Drugs: During a traffic stop near Market Street, police charged Phillip D. Harris, 44, of South Schenley Avenue, Boardman, with possession of dangerous drugs, a felony, after alleging Harris had Gabapentin, an over-the-counter medication typically used to treat nerve pain and certain types of seizures, with no prescription. Theft: Someone entered a vehicle in the 400 block of Jaronte Drive and took a keychain. Criminal damaging: A man reported rocks had been tossed at his Leighton Avenue residence, which resulted in $500 worth of damage to a storm door. Identity fraud: A Ridgewood Avenue man found out his information had been used without authorization to submit credit-card applications. Theft: A $2,500 electric saw was removed from a pickup truck in the 300 block of Jaronte Drive. Theft: A man noticed a wallet and an iPhone case missing from his Eisenhower Drive home. Menacing: A man told officers that a woman on occasion stops in front of his Euclid Boulevard home to shout obscenities at him, apparently after the accuser shot a dog in his yard that he said had tried to attack his dog. Theft: A man reportedly stole $57 worth of merchandise, including fishing gear, from Walmart. Theft: A server with a Market Street restaurant discovered her purse with about $900 was missing while she was at work. Assault: A man told officers he was punched in the chest as he tried to break up a fight between another man and a woman in the 5200 block of Market Street. June 5 Arrest: The Adult Parole Authority handed William J. McCulloch, 23, to Boardman police. McCulloch, of South Glenellen Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with inducing panic after officers had responded to a possible drug overdose March 30 in the parking lot of a Youngstown-Poland Road fast-food restaurant, where McCulloch was found unconscious. Assault: Police responded to a large fight in the 4100 block of Hillman Way, where a woman said she had been punched five or six times in the head. Vandalism: A Youngstown man told police a rock struck and left three dents in his vehicle as he drove on Southern Boulevard. Criminal mischief: A Poland woman who owns a piece of property in the 5500 block of Southern Boulevard discovered damage to a downspout and various bushes. Assault: A Grover Drive woman alleged another woman punched her face as the accuser sat in a car during a conversation that became a heated argument. Drugs: Police charged Secret S. Douglass, 18, of Beechwood Place, Youngstown, with drug possession and drug abuse (marijuana) after having pulled him over in the 5100 block of Southern Boulevard. Suspected marijuana residue was in the car; also found in his pocket were 10 Tramadol pills, which are narcotics commonly used to treat moderate to severe pain, a report said. Robbery: Nicole L. Pietrangeli, 47, of Whispering Pines Drive, Warren, was charged with robbery and possession of drug paraphernalia, and Laura L. Rice, 58, same address, faced charges of theft, drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia after police had responded to a shoplifting situation at Kohl’s. A loss-prevention official alleged Pietrangeli had grabbed her upper arms before fleeing; also, two suspected crack-cocaine pipes and possibly stolen goods were found in their vehicle, a report stated. Assault: A Shadyside Drive woman alleged her boyfriend pushed her several times in the face and grabbed her arms while refusing to leave her home during an argument about money he had given her. Breaking and entering: Someone forcibly broke into two coin-operated machines at Boardman Super Wash, 4030 South Avenue, removed an undisclosed sum of money and damaged masonry surrounding the machines. Vandalism: A motorist reported multiple rocks were thrown at his vehicle as he drove near Southern Boulevard and Arlene Avenue. Three juveniles, 11, 12 and 15, reportedly admitted to the crime, a report stated. Criminal damaging: A mailbox was knocked over and damaged in the 100 block of Sugarcane Drive. June 6 Drugs/weapons: Officers responded to a 911 call from Arden Boulevard before charging Tyler N. Sharpless, 19, of Pointview Avenue, Youngstown, with two counts of possessing dangerous drugs and one each of carrying a concealed weapon, underage possession of alcohol and receiving stolen property, as well as a 16-year-old Youngstown boy with receiving stolen property, underage consumption of alcohol and carrying a concealed weapon. Both of them had knives; in addition, over-the-counter pills under a different name, two bottles of vodka, a bottle of rum and other items were found, a report showed. Other stories of interest ‘Monster’ gets 48 years in prison for assaults on Weathersfield boy, family Pet-store employees report customer exposed buttocks 40 years later, family uses hostage event for good mahoning countY Indictments Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Friday, June 9th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Local lawmakers weigh in on ex-FBI director ... 10:55 p.m. Thu Michael Peach gets 48 years for sexually ass... 10:55 p.m. Thu New Get-Go, Panera coming to Boardman 10:55 p.m. Thu Farrell acquatics instructor saves summer fo... 9:55 p.m. Thu Courthouse statues to be displayed June 27 9:55 p.m. Thu Austintown freshman qualifies for national d... 9:55 p.m. Thu all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home METRO DIGEST || 9 become citizens Thursday | Print Tweet Published: Fri, June 9, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. 9 become citizens YOUNGSTOWN Nine people became U.S. citizens in a Thursday naturalization ceremony before Judge Lou A. D’Apolito of Mahoning County Common Pleas Court. A Youngstown resident originating from Yemen did not wish to be named. The other new citizens, their countries of origin and current hometowns are: Atem Ajong Fontem, Cameroon, Youngstown; Mireille Antoun Elisse, Canada, Poland; Peter Zindi, Zimbabwe, Boardman; Ghassan Mohamad Rajeh, Lebanon, Youngstown; Anna Louise Aey, United Kingdom, Canfield; Michael Edward Fawcett, Canada, Youngstown; Arno Kurt Hess, Germany, Liberty; and Firdevs Gulenay Ozcan, Turkey, Youngstown. Tire recycling set YOUNGSTOWN A countywide tire recycling drive will take place from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at the Covelli Centre, 229 E. Front St. The first 10 passenger car tires will be accepted free of charge, the Mahoning County Recycling Division announced. Thereafter, the charge is $2 per passenger car tire. Charges vary by size and weight for truck and agricultural tires. Walk/run meeting YOUNGSTOWN The next planning and working meeting for the upcoming African-American Male Wellness Walk/Run is at 11:30 a.m. June 20 in the Cobbin Office Tower, 1350 Fifth Ave. The fifth-annual Mahoning Valley event will begin at 7 a.m. Aug. 12 at the Covelli Centre, 229 E. Front St. Health screenings will begin at 7 a.m., with the 5K walk/run to start about 9 a.m. To volunteer or for sponsorship opportunities, call 330-788-1696, or go to the www.aawalk.org. Book signing youngstown Barnes & Noble Booksellers, 381 Boardman-Poland Road, in the Shops at Boardman Park, presents a book signing for “A History of Jewish Youngstown and the Steel Valley” from 1 to 3 p.m. Saturday. Authors Joshua Foster, Thomas Welsh and Gordon F. Morgan will attend the event. Arcadia Publishing is the book’s publisher. Shoplifting charge BOARDMAN An Ohio State Penitentiary corrections officer faces a misdemeanor theft charge for purportedly shoplifting from the Walmart on Doral Drive. Charged is Julianna Stefek, 42, of Poland. She was arrested on a warrant Tuesday in the incident reported in May. According to a police report, Stefek paid for $24 worth of merchandise, but left with $71 worth of items. Stefek is on paid administrative leave from her job, according to The Vindicator’s broadcast partner 21 WFMJ-TV. Stadium closure BOARDMAN Boardman Stadium will be closed to the public from June 19 through Aug. 1 while construction crews replace the track. The board of education approved the $184,180 project May 22. The old Spartan Stadium behind Boardman Center Intermediate School at 7410 Market St. will be open for walkers to use while the stadium undergoes renovations. Road closure hartford Effective Monday through next Friday, Bushnell Campbell Road will be closed, between Spencer Clark Road and Everett Hull Road, due to culvert replacement, the Trumbull County Engineer’s Office announced. The recommended detour route is west on state Route 305, north on Warner Road and east on Bradley Brownlee Road. Other stories of interest Ohio congressmen, senators weigh in on Comey hearing ‘Monster’ gets 48 years in prison for assaults on Weathersfield boy, family Restored statues returning to Mahoning Courthouse roof Youngstown’s only public pool will open thanks to an aquatics instructor Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
null
null
Hot Topics: Penrose House Fire Leo H. Hutchinson Murder Fatal Westcliffe Accident Street Improvements Sheriff's Office E-Edition News Tips Print   Email   Font Resize Florence Florence's Koinonia Village presentation slated for July 24 By Carie Canterbury The Daily Record Posted:   06/08/2017 10:08:25 PM MDT Click photo to enlarge A 'tiny home' in the Community First! Village in Austin, Texas. « 1 2 » FLORENCE — Pastors Jeff and Dawn Ward of the Wellspring Church in Florence have been working to inform the community on Koinonia Village, a proposed tiny home village in Florence, but they are finding there are a lot of misnomers, especially pertaining to what the face of homelessness really looks like in Fremont County. Koinonia Village would be established by the Wellspring Church, with the intent that it become a stand-alone 501 c 3 entity, with its own employees, on-site staff and board of directors. The church property sits on four acres of land off Colo. 67, and the five acres west of the church on the north side of Victory Lane would be designated for Koinonia Village. The first phase is proposed to include 20 tiny homes. Koinonia means community established around fellowship, which means staff and volunteers will be walking through day-to-day life with the residents. Koinonia Village will not be a drug rehabilitation facility, as some may have believed. However, for residents needing support of any kind, wrap-around services will be offered through the supports and services already established in Fremont County. As part of the wrap-around services, Koinonia Village hopes to work with agencies and organizations such as the Department of Human Services, Solvista Health, Rocky Mountain Behavioral Health, Loaves and Fishes, Council of Governments, law enforcement, St. Thomas More Hospital and other local physicians, and others. Advertisement Dawn Ward said it's important people understand that not all residents at Koinonia Village will be felons, addicts or unwilling to work. "It's for homeless, vulnerable and displaced," she said. The demographic will include 10 percent emancipated youth, 20 percent veterans, 20 percent missionary or staff members and 50 percent for families, single individuals or couples, including senior citizens. "The stories are so vast of how people have come into such states vulnerability," Ward said. "Of late, we've dealt with quite a few single moms with kids, and they can't find a place to live. In the last two months, we've worked with three moms we could not find housing for, and these moms did not struggle with addictions." Volunteers with the Wellspring Church have seen firsthand the potential demographic of what residents of Koinonia Village could be during their bi-monthly soup kitchens in Florence and the monthly free "Laundry of Love." The soup kitchen has fed up to 75 people in a day, and 24 people equating to 80 loads of laundry took part in the last laundry event. The homeless and vulnerable in Fremont County are living in such places as a campground (some with no restroom facilities), cars, chicken coops, garages, campers on private property and simply in tents in random areas, Ward said. Others live in the parking lot at Walmart and use their restrooms. "I have met people in their 70s that are homeless, and they're not addicts," she said. "They are just senior citizens that can't afford the rent — they're living in their vehicles and have fallen on misfortune in some way, such as whether it be medical conditions or a fractured relationship." Other misnomers the Wards have heard is that this will attract more homeless individuals to the area and that the legalization of marijuana is bringing them here. "I have not found that to be the case," she said. Sex offenders and any type of illegal behavior will not be allowed, and all potential residents will go through an application process and background check. She said between Loaves and Fishes, New Creations, Journey Home and Koinonia Village, Fremont County can overcome the problem of homelessness. Koinonia Village is a helping "hand up," not a hand out, providing affordable rent or voucher-based housing, structured support and encouragement as residents are working on reestablishing their lives to encourage the truth that they can be contributing members to their community volunteering both within Koinonia and the greater community that Koinonia inhabits. "Everyone needs purpose and to understand that they have one, we want to help residents to see and realize that they matter," Ward said. "It's about rebuilding dignity in peoples' lives and removing the stigma of shame." The Wards have been in discussions with Florence city administrators for several months, discussing how to go about gaining city council approval and rezoning the property. Currently, the board of directors is being formed, and the Wards are hoping to find individuals with expertise in the following fields: realty, accounting, legal, mental health, addiction recovery and health. The public is invited to a presentation at 6 p.m. July 24 at the Wellspring Church at 950 Victory Lane in Florence. Anyone wishing to learn more about serving on the board of directors, or those who would like to schedule a presentation for their group, may call 719-369-0873. Carie Canterbury: 719-276-7643, canterburyc@canoncitydailyrecord.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Republican Women to host GOP candidate for governor at meeting Cañon City Police Department: Man arrested for violation of protection order Cañon Car Club show headlines weekend   placeholder POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
SMI 8'812 -0.7%  SPI 10'055 -0.7%  Dow 21'183 0.0%  DAX 12'714 0.3%  Euro 1.0852 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'564 0.4%  Gold 1'272 -0.5%  Dollar 0.9692 0.2%  Öl 47.7 -0.3%  SMI 8'812 -0.7%  SPI 10'055 -0.7%  Dow 21'183 0.0%  DAX 12'714 0.3%  Euro 1.0852 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'564 0.4%  Gold 1'272 -0.5%  Dollar 0.9692 0.2%  Öl 47.7 -0.3%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal Trading-Webinar: diese Analysetools helfen beim Risikomanagement - Hier anmelden und kostenlos teilnehmen! 09.06.2017 03:00:00 Retail Asia Expo 2017 Presents the Future of Retail - The Connected Shopper Experience Tweet A A Teilen Drucken HONG KONG, June 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Many traditional retailers are staking their futures on omni-channel retailing to cater to a new generation of connected shoppers. Providing a seamless shopping experience in brick-and-mortar stores, combined with a variety of digital channels, is now a must to engage customers. The Connected Shopper Experience is the key for retailers to leverage their store assets and create that unique and highly sought-after destination shopping experience. Together with leading retail industry partners, the 9th annual Retail Asia Expo is set to return on 13 to 15 June 2017. Retail Asia Expo showcases the latest products and solutions helping retailers to stay ahead of the evolving retail experiences and the increasing demands of the connected shopper.     It's anticipated that more than 9,000 retailing professionals and over 180 exhibitors will come together at this years' Retail Asia Expo. A combination of awards, seminars, exhibitions and networking opportunities make this a must-attend event for all those interested in the future of retail. Stuart Bailey, Managing Director of Diversified Communications, organiser of Retail Asia Expo, said: "Today's retail environment is more complex and competitive than ever, only retailers who adapt will survive and only retailers who put their customer's needs at the centre of their strategy will flourish". Walk Through Customer Mindsets with the Retail Asia Trend Trail Making its exciting debut in 2017 is the Retail Asia Trend Trail. Created in association with our partner, leading retail and brand consultancy, FITCH, the Trend Trail is a one-of-a-kind exhibition experience. It identifies four universal shopper 'mindsets', each characterising the behaviours of shoppers across the world. Shoppers can exhibit any one of these four mindsets at any given moment, often switching from one to another in an instant, depending on the particular shopping mission and the stimuli around them. As visitors walk through the Trend Trail, they'll discover solutions directly targeting their customers' needs. Dreaming: In this mind state, shoppers actively look for new ideas and inspiration. They don't yet have fully defined needs and wants, and skip between categories and brands to find inspiration or learn something, and have fun while doing it. Exploring: Here, the shopper is open-minded but has a category-specific purchase intent. They may have a few options in mind but are open to suggestions to be influenced. They are looking to browse easily, find more information and narrow their choices down. Locating: In this mind state, shoppers look for a specific brand, product or service. They are often replenishing their usual stock, or already know the specific item they are looking for. They want things to be easy to find, welcome timely and relevant reminders, and want to feel reassured that they are making the right choice when it comes to things like price. Achieving: Is the practical conclusion of the shoppers journey– how they complete the transaction, the method of delivery and culminating in achieving the goal of delivering/acquiring the target of their desire. Through a series of exhibits including the very latest technology, visitors will enter the Expo through the Retail Asia Trend Trail's inspirational journey. 60+ FREE Seminars on Technology, Design and Marketing in Retail More than 60 FREE seminars will be held during the Expo, which cover the hottest industry topics, including an interactive shopping experience, e-commerce market entry for India, Indonesia and Malaysia, and how to boost higher sales growth with big-data. Industry-leading speakers include representatives from Baidu, Google, Intel, Malherbe Design and Benoy to name a few. Cross Border eCommerce Trends and Website Awards Leading global eCommerce platforms such as Amazon, JD.com, Walmart will be at the Expo to discuss their marketplaces and evolving trends. Driven by retailer demand and growing cross-border eCommerce, Retail Asia Expo is uniting the industry's most influential eCommerce platforms to explore the world's latest retail trends and develop new business opportunities in this dedicated zone. To recognise retailers that have raised the bar for user experience and achieved phenomenal sales growth, Retail Asia Expo will have the Top 10 eCommerce Website Awards Presentation Ceremony on 13 June, in partnership with GS1 Hong Kong. Speaking of the awards, last year's winner of the Top 10 eCommerce Website Award, Genevieve Chow, Development & eCommerce General Manager at Chow Sang Sang said, "It's not all about sales, but the enhancement of brand awareness and customer engagement. What we see is that our online retailing platform is really able to improve the shopping experience for our customers, which is always what we want to achieve". Explore Innovative Retail Solutions in the Startup Zone Bringing an extra burst of creativity to the floors of Retail Asia Expo, this all-new zone acts as a launchpad to educate, inspire and to showcase innovative products, services and great ideas. Retailers and investors can be first to see the hottest new solutions and uncover the trends that are gaining traction. Recognising Industry Leaders with High-Profile Awards On the evening of 13 June, the 2017 Hong Kong Retail Industry Trade Awards will be presented at the Retail Asia Expo Gala Dinner. The awards celebrate innovative leaders and their contribution to Hong Kong's retail sector in three categories: Industry Super Retailer, Young Retail Brand, and Community Retailer. A Co-located Conference for Retail Industry Leaders Held alongside Retail Asia Expo from 13-14 June, the Omni-Channel Retailing Conference is a platform for industry leaders to discuss strategies and share best practice and insights. Keynote speaker, Julie Mathers, is CEO and Founder of Flora & Fauna, Australia's largest vegan beauty and lifestyle store with growth of 500% year-on-year. Flora & Fauna was shortlisted as a finalist for Responsible Retailer of the Year in 2017 and Julie was recently recognised as one of the Top 50 People in Australian eCommerce. At the conference, Julie will tell us about how Flora & Fauna focuses on relationships for greater margins and builds customer advocacy through values and ethics. Other international speakers at the conference include: Mr. Giovanni Cirillo, Ecommerce Director I.T Apparel, China Mr. Zaheer Nooruddin, Head of Digital Transformation, Shiseido Hong Kong Ltd. Mr. Giovanni Musillo, Head of Brand Acquisition, Zalora Mr. Henry Bott, Head of Digital, Swire Properties Mr. Anson Bailey, Head of Consumer Markets, ASPAC, KPMG China Retail Asia Expo 2017 and the Omni-Channel Retailing Conference will be held at the Hong Kong Convention & Exhibition Centre from 13 to 15 June and 13 to 14 June, respectively. For more information about the events, please visit: www.retailasiaexpo.com Media Enquiries: Niko So Marketing Executive Tel: +852 3958 0529 Email: nso@divcom.com.hk   Visitor Enquiries: Noiz Chu Senior Marketing Executive Tel: +852 3958 0523 Email : noiz@retailasiaexpo.com   Exhibiting & Sponsorship Enquiries: Jeong Lee Event Director Tel: +852 3958 0550 Email : jlee@divcom.com.hk About Retail Asia Expo Retail Asia Expo is an annual trade show and conference catering to retailers in Asia Pacific. The award-winning exhibition consists of two focus areas: Retail Technology and Retail Design & In-Store Marketing. The Expo showcases solutions from over 180 local and international exhibitors and provides plenty of networking opportunities including seminars, a gala dinner, a cocktail reception, and retail awards. In 2016, the show attracted 8,633 visitors from 60 countries, representing over 3,300 companies and organisations. About Diversified Communications Diversified Communications (www.divcom.com.hk) is a leading international media company providing market access, education and information through global, national and regional face-to-face events, digital products and publications. Diversified serves a number of industries including: food and beverage, natural and organic, healthcare, commercial marine, technology and business management. Based in Portland, Maine, USA, Diversified has divisions in the Eastern United States, Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United Kingdom. In Hong Kong, Diversified Communications organises a growing portfolio of trade exhibitions and conferences including Restaurant & Bar Hong Kong, Seafood Expo Asia, Natural & Organic Products Asia, Retail Asia Expo, Omni Channel Retailing Conference, HR Summit & Expo Hong Kong, Learning & Teaching Expo, and Asia-Pacific International Conference. All the events embrace an established relationship with key suppliers and buyers in different industries. Photo - https://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20170608/1871473-1 SOURCE Diversified Communications Hong Kong Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 08:34 Nestlé belastet den SMI 08.06.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 08.06.17 Vontobel: Schweizer Blue Chips: 45% Sicherheitspuffer und 5% p.a. garantiert 17.05.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Europäische Airlines, Französische Automobil-Unternehmen und Amerikanische Software-Entwickler. 08.05.17 ideas Magazin - Grossmeister der Börse und ihre Erfolgsstrategien mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 08.06.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Osteuropa wächst überdurchschnittlich 06.06.17 Schroders: Schroders Economic & Strategy Viewpoint / June 2017 mehr Meistgelesene Nachrichten Fed gibt UBS und Deutscher Bank mehr Zeit für Einhaltung von Regeln SMI am Ende leichter -- DAX schliesst im Plus US-Kanzlei will Sammelklage gegen Roche einreichen HeidelDruck-Aktie legt zu: Heidelberger Druckmaschinen peilt kräftiges Wachstum an MÄRKTE EUROPA/EZB bringt die Börsen nicht aus dem Gleichgewicht Leclanché prüft Optionen zur Finanzierung des Wachstums MÄRKTE USA/"Super-Donnerstag" verpufft weitgehend Nestlé: Ethical Coffee verklagt Nespresso in den USA - Schaden von mehreren hundert Millionen Dollar laut Anwalt CS-Kapitalerhöhung bringt Erlös von rund 4,1 Mrd CHF Teslas nächster Streich: Musk heizt Erwartungen an 'Model Y' an Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Anleger reagieren gelassen auf Briten-Wahl: SMI und DAX vorbörslich kaum bewegt An der heimischen Börse zeichnet sich vorbörslich kaum Bewegung ab. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Glückspost | Handelszeitung PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Versicherung | TV Star
Skip to content × Search × 13.5 °Cforecast > Jobs | Contact | Tip line: 705-673-0123 Home News Local Police Lifestyle Sports Business Neighbourhoods Automotive Around the North National Videos News Lifestyle Originals Sports Acts of Kindness Staff Tries Entertainment Local National Events Calendar Social Sudbury Lottery Results Horoscopes Crosswords Opinions Editorial Columns Letters to the Editor Obituaries Classifieds All Listings Post an Ad Your Ads Your Account Garage and Yard Sales Careers Announcements Submit an Announcement Community Community Information Contests Spotlight on Business More Advertise Staff Contact PDF Edition Northern Life Delivery Newsletter Feature Publications News Tip Financial Literacy NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Search Search Home Local News Pistols at dawn: dueling might be poised for a comeback in Canada Ministry of Justice repeals a number of antiquated criminal code provisions including challenging someone to a duel  0 Jun 8, 2017 10:00 PM by: Callam Rodya A 1900 painting by Georg Mühlberg depicting German students fighting a sabre duel. (Wikipedia)  It's a classic trope: a character — usually in a spaghetti western or Looney Tunes cartoon — removes a glove, slaps another character across the face with it and demands satisfaction. He has thus been challenged to a duel. During the 18th and 19th centuries, dueling was the style of the time — a popular way of settling disputes with swords, muskets or revolvers. In 1804, United States Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton was famously killed in a duel by Vice President Aaron Burr. And, between 1798 and the Civil War, the U.S. Navy lost two-thirds as many officers in duels as it did in combat. In the west, a kill resulting from a duel was generally still qualified as murder — even at that time — but courts were lax towards prosecution, respecting the honour of the practice. But, dueling eventually fell out of fashion in the civilized world and tougher legislation was enacted to ensure that scores would be settled in the courts and not in the courtyards. However, duels may be poised for a comeback, at least here in Canada, thanks to the Ministry of Justice. According to a report from the Daily Hive, a recent campaign to modernize the Criminal Code of Canada by the Minister of Justice and Attorney General, Jody Wilson-Raybould, has altered or repealed a number of antiquated provisions to “ensure they are compliant with the Charter, and to make the law more relevant in our modern society,” as stated in a government release. Among those statutes: a law prohibiting challenging someone to a duel. Now, before you go hog-wild and start glove-slapping every Walmart shopper who snags that parking space you were eying, or every server who bungles your order or your neighbour for letting his dog defecate among your tulips, remember that, while the challenge of a duel may no longer be illegal in principal, there are several provisions of the Criminal Code that make the act of a duel, for all intents and purposes, illegal. Murder is still murder in this country and even the simple act of pointing a gun or brandishing an edged weapon can land you some hefty jail time. And, since any modern duel is likely to attract a sizable smartphone-toting crowd, good luck trying to convince a court you were acting in self-defense when you're up against significant video and live-tweeted evidence. So, despite the recent changes to the Criminal Code, best to settle your disputes the new-fashioned way — in the courts — and keep both gloves on your hands. Like what you're reading? Make us your homepage today! See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? About the Author: Callam Rodya Callam Rodya is a New Media Reporter at Sudbury.com working on camera and behind the scenes to bring you all of today's top stories. Read more > 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text More Local News Murderer granted unescorted trips to Sudbury National Aboriginal Day turns 25: Local celebration in the works When you take part in NCF's charity walk, money stays local Visit our homepage > Comments Top Stories Pistols at dawn: dueling might be poised for a comeback in Canada 0 Murderer granted unescorted trips to Sudbury 0 National Aboriginal Day turns 25: Local celebration in the works 0 Next edition of Rayside-Balfour Canadians starting to take shape 0 When you take part in NCF's charity walk, money stays local 0 Videos PERSON OF INTEREST: Meet the hip hop artist who nearly won a Juno for an album mixed on his phone (video) Tea with the editor: Ward 2’s Michael Vagnini is in the hot seat More Videos > Sudbury.com 158 Elgin St. Sudbury, ON P3E 3N5 ph: (705) 673-5667 fax: (705) 673-4652 Send Feedback News Home Local News Neighbourhoods Police Opinions Lifestyle Entertainment Sports Letters Social Sudbury Videos Northern Life Home Delivery Advertise Staff Contact Facebook Twitter RSS PDF Edition Newsletter Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community City Services City Leisure Hospital Health Unit Announcements Events Obituaries Classifieds Community Builders Awards Influential Women Awards Northern Ontario Business Awards 40 Under Forty Awards Features Feature Publications Horoscopes Crosswords Lottery Results Movie Listings © 2017 Laurentian Publishing
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Meet the Man Who Kills Stock Values for Fun and Profit Banks Lead US Stocks Slightly Higher 10 Highest-Paying Jobs Without a College Degree Markets End Day Higher Oregon Approves Nation's First All-Wood High Rise Internet Doesn't Approve of Popeyes' Cookie-Coated Chicken Uber Fires 20 Employees Amid Law Firm's Misconduct Probe Slumping Retailers Lead US Stocks Lower Just One of 10 Most Valuable Brands Isn't American Mom Spends $25K on Son's Prom, Complete With Camel Campaign Travels Inspired New Trump Hotel Chain Apple Releasing 1st New Product Since Apple Watch Money / Amazon Go to Grid|Next Story Amazon Just Made a Major Play for Walmart Customers Company offers discounted Prime memberships to low-income customers By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted Jun 8, 2017 7:37 PM CDT 26 comments Comments In a move it hopes will steal away a few million Walmart customers, Amazon announced discounted Prime memberships for low-income families this week.   (AP Photo/Reed Saxon, File) (Newser) – Amazon figured out a great way to appear altruistic while also taking a shot at its biggest competitor, announcing a discounted Prime member for low-income Americans on Tuesday. Yahoo reports the 45% discount lowers the cost of Prime, which bestows free two-day delivery, to $5.99 for anyone with an EBT card, which is used for food stamps and other government assistance. Qualifying people will also get the first 30 days of Prime for free, according to NPR. Approximately 60% of American households already have a Prime membership, Business Insider reports. But most of those memberships are found in upper income brackets, where membership is reaching saturation. On the other hand, some 45 million low-income Americans are now eligible for a discounted Prime membership. Industry insiders reacted with skepticism to Amazon's announcement. After all, low-income Americans don't shop online as much and have limited internet access. But retail consultant Doug Stephens says even a small amount of new customers can pay off for Amazon through loyalty. "Prime is the gateway drug for the heroin that is Amazon," he says. One Amazon investor agrees, saying discounted Prime membership will get low-income people used to buying online. Even better: It will eat into Walmart's customer base. Nearly $1 out of every $5 in food stamps was spent at Walmart in 2016. For its part, Walmart has been actively trying to steal Amazon customers, recently experimenting with employees delivering orders at the end of their shift.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   7% Hilarious 22% Intriguing 7% Depressing 27% Brilliant 5% Scary 33% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 26 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Einstein Said It Would Never Be Seen. It Just Was Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 26 comments TrumpClinton Stinks 1 hour, 14 minutes ago I don't buy from Amazon because of the way they treat their employees. IndependentGeorge Jun 8, 2017 10:26 PM CDT This is great. Of all the people who should be shopping online, it's poor people, so that they can find the best deals and save money. Not to mention the convenience and savings on gas/bus fare by not having to haul the kids down to their local store. Win/win. Terrorist Trump Jun 8, 2017 9:42 PM CDT Note: An EBT card qualifies a person for a reduced A-Prime fee. I didn't source it, but I also saw nothing indicating one can use EBT to pay for a Prime subscription. As for the expected howling from the right that poor EBT welfare leaches (read: Walmart employees) should have to get off their fat asses and walk to the market to buy their lobster and truffles at the local Kroger, fug you very much. Amazon's direct delivery of consumables CREATES JOBS, like those of the Wally employees who will deliver the products to other resting Wally employees. View all 26 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Freak Accident Involving Wine Glasses Kills Woman 1 Comey Ally: Opening Statement Is 'Shocking' 2 White House Issues Unusual Rebuttal About Trump 3 Police May Have Answer to Perplexing SOS Message 4 Making a Murderer Lawyer Makes Stunning Accusation 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Police Investigate Suspicious Death Of Elderly Woman In Ridgewood, Queens ‘People Are Overreacting,’ Flyer For Spring Concert Sparks Uproar In Morristown Seen At 11: Parents Get Creative To Find Good Childcare In Digital Age Go to CBS Local What James Comey Didn't Say in His Blockbuster Hearing … How Failure Molded Berlin's Best Chocolatier Why Canada's Rosa Parks Will Be on the Next $10 Bill Go to Ozy Tired of the distractions, Fox News’ Neil Cavuto gives President Trump an... These dog breeds are the most popular in the U.S. The Comey hearing reminds us that powerful people can get away with mistakes in... Go to Rare British Election May End In A “Hung Parliament” And The Memes Are Hilarious 5 Surefire Ways To Tell Your Partner Really Does Love You 7 Different Types Of Guys You’ll Never Date Again Once You Turn 25 Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 57° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Cloudy skies with periods of rain later in the day. Thunder possible. High 74F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Some clouds early will give way to generally clear conditions overnight. Low 59F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 9, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Haverhill news featured Mayor, others, seek to reassure city in wake of murder +3 By Peter Francis pfrancis@eagletribune.com 3 hrs ago High school still in shock over graduate's slaying Greater Lawrence Tech Graduation Missing girl found safe in Connecticut; adult arrested North Andover man not guilty in triple murder  Andover woman honors nightclub survivors at pride parade Students learn about bats, improve their habitat Former Haverhill woman nominated for Superior Court judgeship Medical tech business makes move to North Andover Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Local Sports featured Top-seeded Andover volleyball falls in North final By David Willis dwillis@eagletribune.com 45 min ago Sports in a Minute: Pinkerton and Bishop Guertin lacrosse set to play for title again Unearned runs cost Methuen softball Davis hits walk-off single in 10th, New Hampshire beats Erie Thursday's High School Box Scores Tournament Roundup: Pinkerton, Timberlane volleyball advance to state final THE ROAD STOPS HERE: Andover baseball eliminated by slick fielding Lexington in North Semifinals Braintree jumps on Central early, eliminates Raiders from Super 8 A much calmer David Price met the media tonight Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News Jun 4, 2017 Reunions Community Calendar Brown-Bowden Engagement Club News Reunions Community Calendar Reunions Club News Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 10 hrs ago Comey testimony is confirmation of just how damaged Trump presidency is Veterans' psychological wounds deserve more attention Sound Off London mayor shows Trump what a leader does Another view: State teachers association snub of top educator an embarrassment Harvard incident shows power of online identities Sound Off Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices Lawmakers want more money for local hospitals By Christian M. Wade Statehouse Reporter 7 hrs ago BOSTON -- Dozens of acute care hospitals will get payouts from a fund created to keep them competitive with larger, academic hospitals, but advocates say the money doesn’t go far enough to buoy community hospitals. Last year, lawmakers and Gov. Charlie Baker set up a $45 million fund to pay acute care hospitals on a sliding scale based on their reimbursement rate from private insurers over the next five years. Lawrence General Hospital is slated to get a $216,284 slice from the fund’s initial $5 million disbursement in the next few weeks, according to the state Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the fund. Anna Jaques Hospital in Newburyport will get $212,641, Steward Holy Family Hospital in Methuen will get $135,639, and North Shore Medical Center in Salem will get $52,444. Some lawmakers say the money isn’t enough. They’re pitching a plan to boost the community hospital trust fund by charging large physician groups, such as Burlington-based Atrius Health, a $20 million annual assessment. Their proposal, which went before a legislative panel this week, would exempt physician groups with fewer than 500 doctors or those that are affiliated with a teaching hospital. It would also exempt physician groups for which 15 percent or more of their annual charges are reimbursed by the state’s Medicaid program. The bill’s primary sponsor, Sen. Barbara L’Italien, D-Andover, said the changes “improve care for low income and vulnerable populations by facilitating access to additional providers and increased resources for community hospitals." “Right now, community hospitals serve the highest percentage of low-income, uninsured and vulnerable populations, and they struggle to operate because of limited funding and high expenses,” L’Italien said. At least 17 lawmakers have signed unto the proposal, including Rep. Frank Moran, D-Lawrence. He said the measure would help “even the playing field.” “Community hospitals like Lawrence General are really struggling,” he said. “We need to support them.” Marci Sindell, chief strategy officer and senior vice president of external affairs for Atrius Health, said in a statement that the bill “unfairly targets” her organization, which serves about 725,000 patients at walk-in clinics and physician offices throughout the state. “While we support the goal of supporting community hospitals, we do not believe that Atrius Health can or should be responsible for providing additional funds,” she said. The state’s largest healthcare union, 1199 SEIU United Healthcare Workers East, backs L'Italien’s proposal, calling it an issue of “fairness” because large teaching hospitals and insurance companies are already contributing to the state’s safety-net funds. Hospitals are required to provide care to patients who go to emergency rooms, regardless of insurance coverage or ability to pay. Unpaid bills are covered by the Health Safety Net Trust Fund, funded by insurance companies. The Community Hospital Reinvestment Trust Fund was a compromise between state leaders, hospitals and health care unions, which wanted to put a measure on the ballot in the November 2016 elections to regulate commercial insurance payments to hospitals. Under the proposed ballot initiative, smaller so-called “safety-net” community hospitals would have gotten more money out of the proposed changes, Partners Healthcare, the state's largest hospital system, stood to lose hundreds of millions of dollars in insurance reimbursements. Most community hospitals now struggle to stay afloat while serving large numbers of low-income patients, collecting from low-paying government insurance programs and getting below-average reimbursements from commercial insurers, advocates say. Meanwhile, large physicians groups, walk-in clinics and even retail outlets like CVS and Walmart are siphoning away patients, they say. "They're cherry-picking commercial patients that they can make money on and turning away people on public payer programs like Medicaid and Medicare," said Steve Walsh, executive director of the Massachusetts Council of Community Hospitals. "It's blatantly unfair that they're not paying into these funds." Community hospitals also chafe at the fact that large, teaching hospitals like Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital, Tufts Medical Center and Lahey Hospital & Medical Center are getting money from the reinvestment fund. Under the current guidelines, hospitals with prices below 120 percent of the statewide median price are eligible for funding. Ellen Murphy Meehan, a consultant for Lawrence General and other community hospitals, said the fund is helpful but does little to eliminate the vast disparities in what commercial health insurers pay different hospitals for the same procedures. “We need a structural fix,” she said. "Or we're going to lose some of the most important health care providers in the state." Christian M. Wade covers the Massachusetts Statehouse for North of Boston Media Group’s newspapers and websites. Email him at cwade@cnhi.com. Tags Economics Hospital Commerce Medicine Health Board Barbara L'italien Trust Fund Teaching Hospital Money State Fund ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +5 2 Hill Street, Unit D, Newburyport By Sarah Ashley Pratt Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Member of 2017 Haverhill High graduating class shot dead at his home Police: Dad sold drugs with tot, 2, in car  Haverhill crash ensued after chase Police: Drunk man drove into Plaistow police parking lot because he felt unsafe, is charged with DWI Truck crashes into Lawrence Dunkin' Donuts, injuring man Man dies in Haverhill crash after leading police on chase  UPDATE: Police narcotics officers at home of Haverhill fatal shooting victim, neighbor says Seven arrested in N.H., Mass. for involvement in drug trafficking, firearms offenses Some students stay home from school after Haverhill High grad's shooting death Lawrence man sentenced to federal prison in NH following heroin arrest Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections Home News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Are Google, Amazon and others getting too big? By Natalie Sherman Business reporter, New York 9 June 2017 From the section Business These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39875417 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Are the tech giants getting too big to control? The US tech giants Apple, Google's parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook are the five biggest companies in the world by market capitalisation. Their increasing dominance is fuelling concerns about competition and data privacy. So are regulators about to get tough? Shares in Amazon and Alphabet raced past the $1,000-mark this month, the latest sign of the companies' growing might. Google is expected to attract more than 40% of digital advertising dollars this year; Amazon is on track to collect half of US online sales by 2021, according to at least one analyst. But as investors cheer their rise, it's also causing concern amongst the powers that be. US regulators have long lagged Europe when it comes to cracking down on anti-competitive behaviour but Jonathan Kanter, a Washington-based antitrust attorney at Paul Weiss, believes attitudes may be changing. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Online retailer Amazon has now moved into bricks and mortar shops, too "People are asking questions about whether the tools and principles that have been used previously are the right ones to continue using. "There are certainly lots of people who think that there needs to be some change." The power of data John Kwoka, a professor of economics at Northeastern University in Boston, believes that taking a tougher line on mergers and acquisitions won't necessarily be enough to combat the rising power of giants like Amazon. These firms also gain power as they amass user data and shape the flow of information, controlling consumer access to the firms using their platforms, he argues. Amazon: Monopoly or capitalist success story? Safe Harbour: Tech firms shudder as watchdogs meet How Facebook's tentacles reach further than you think "They steer choice and do so in ways that have ripple effects throughout a broader economy," Prof Kwoka says. Lina Khan, a fellow at the New America think tank, published a paper about Amazon earlier this year. She says there are examples of tech firms skirting the rules on competition, pointing to Amazon's battle with diapers.com, the baby products retailer. Amazon lowered prices, undercutting the firm, then eventually acquired it. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Google is still being investigated by European regulators for alleged anti-competitive behaviour There are signs that the politicians and regulators are waking up. This spring, the US Congress moved to dismantle a set of Obama-era laws protecting the privacy of consumer data. Then shortly afterwards, a group of Republicans introduced a broader proposal that would require firms such as Google and Amazon - in addition to traditional internet providers - to get user permission before sharing their data. European lead Could the US adopt the more muscular approach of European regulators? In 2013, the European Commission fined Microsoft for giving preferential treatment to its own browser, Internet Explorer. This year, it fined Facebook for providing "incorrect or misleading" information during its acquisition of messaging service WhatsApp. Image copyright AFP Image caption Critics say the tech giants have a near-monopolistic power than needs to be curbed Last month, Amazon promised the European Commission it would stop enforcing contracts deemed anti-competitive for other e-book publishers. And an investigation into Google's parent company, Alphabet, over how it allegedly gives preferential treatment to its own shopping services in search results, is still proceeding. The EU actions show that "there are things that could be done," Prof Kwoka says. "Whether they would be a big deal or a little deal, it's hard to know, but the EU has taken a crack at it and we've mostly taken a pass." Trump action? It's not clear how President Trump wants to steer policy. As a candidate he adopted populist rhetoric, describing Amazon as a monopoly and saying boss Jeff Bezos had a "huge antitrust problem". He chose Makan Delrahim, a traditional Republican, to lead the Department of Justice antitrust division. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Say what? Amazon boss Jeff Bezos was unimpressed by President Trump's comments On the Federal Trade Commission, the other key regulatory body, several vacancies remain. But the agency said it would host a 2018 conference on privacy questions raised by emerging technologies, its third on the subject. Prof Kwoka and others say they don't expect to see major changes any time soon. 'Consumer choice' And are these tech giants as anti-competitive as some think? Amazon may dominate digital sales, but bricks-and-mortar shopping still dwarfs the online market. Walmart alone reported sales worth more than three times Amazon's last year. Heavy hitters, including Microsoft and Google, are competing for customers in cloud services with the likes of IBM and Salesforce. In the tech sector, consumers are free to head to new players from emerging markets. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Could Chinese online retail giant Alibaba take on Amazon? The Chinese tech giants - Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent - are resisting the US hegemony pretty well, non-interventionists argue. "It's a competitive market just because of consumer choice," says Ronald Josey, an internet and digital media analyst at JMP Securities. "That's a really important point to the whole story." Growth v risk Even if US regulators do begin to flex their muscles, financial analysts say they aren't worried about a crackdown hurting companies, even in Europe. Their growth potential outweighs any regulatory risks, argues Paul Gallant, a technology policy analyst at investment firm Cowen & Co.. "Investors are aware that companies with this kind of power and market share are inevitably on the minds of antitrust regulators. They're also aware that Trump has said some negative things," says Mr Gallant. More Technology of Business How Facebook's tentacles reach further than you think WannaCry: What can you do to protect your business? Click here for more Technology of Business features "It's in the back of investors' minds, but it's not close to overcoming what investors love about these companies," he says. Google and Facebook have made efforts - effective or otherwise - to address issues such as fake news, in part to pre-empt regulator action. How did Google become the world's most valuable company? Why is the EU gunning for Google? But James McQuivey, an analyst at the research firm Forrester, says the recent dramatic increases in share prices could be a sign investors are underestimating the likelihood of regulator action. "If you'd said to me a year ago, 'Is the risk factored in to the stock price?' I would have said yes. Where it is now, at least some of the more recent buyers may not be paying attention to those risks," he says. Amazon and Google declined to comment for this feature. Follow Technology of Business editor Matthew Wall on Twitter and Facebook Click here for more Technology of Business features Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories UK election ends in hung Parliament Theresa May fails to win a majority, but promises a "period of stability" despite calls from Jeremy Corbyn for her to quit. 6 June 2017 May under pressure after election losses 9 June 2017 Corbyn calls on May to resign 9 June 2017 Features News Daily: General election special Election night in pictures as first results come in 7 days quiz: Which spirit has overtaken beer? 'Hung Parliament' trends in Britain Six Day War: Six ways the conflict still matters How generous are China's super rich? Are Google, Amazon and others getting too big? Deep diplomatic tensions behind the Qatar row Germany fears huge losses in massive tax scandal News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru Parliaments World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Election 2017 Election 2017 Home Results Constituencies Reality Check Poll Tracker Manifesto Guide Cymru Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us POLITICS California businesses join, pay for Gov. Brown's China trip Email share share tweet email AP California Gov. Jerry Brown speaks at an event during an international clean energy conference in Beijing Wednesday, June 7, 2017. (AP) AP Thursday, June 08, 2017 04:19PM Gov. Jerry Brown has company on his trip to China to further his climate change agenda: About 30 California business leaders are along for the ride to support Brown's policies and build their own business deals. The business delegation is led by the Bay Area Council business advocacy organization and includes executives at transportation and energy companies, public utility leaders, academics, investors and a top executive of the San Francisco International Airport. Most paid a fee of about $5,500 on top of their travel costs to attend four days of events, including multiple private dinners and receptions with Brown, a clean energy ministerial and meetings with Chinese business and political leaders. Brown's office declined to provide an estimate on the trip cost's for him and staff members being paid for by a nonprofit group that takes private donations. "The purpose of this is really to enable California to play a global role on an issue that's of huge global consequence," said Jim Wunderman, president of the Bay Area Council, which helps run California's trade office in China. "The governor showed a lot of appreciation about having fellow Californians take the time to go to China just for a few days." Brown's five-day trip, which ends Thursday, has generated heightened media and political attention following President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. Brown has pledged California's support to continue meeting emission reduction goals laid out in the international accord. He signed a new agreement this week with China aimed at boosting green technology. It's his second trip to China. A 2013 visit was paid for by Bay Area Council delegates. But this time, a different group of businesses is paying for the visit for Brown and four of his staff members. The nonprofit California State Protocol Foundation collects private donations to fund travel and other expenses for the state's governors, with the goal of eliminating costs to taxpayers. Donations to the foundation to support Brown's activities must be regularly disclosed. Documents show labor unions, a physicians group and businesses such as Walmart gave between $25,000 and $100,000 to the foundation in 2016 to pay for Brown's travel, meals and other activities. Oakland developer John Protopappas, a longtime friend of Brown's, serves as the foundation's president. Tom Willis, an attorney for the nonprofit group, said donations were not solicited specifically for the China trip. Donations in 2017 will eventually be disclosed but are not available yet. Brown spokesman Gareth Lacy said no cost amount for the trip or estimate would be provided until the governor returns from China. Willis, of the non-profit, said he also doesn't know the cost of the trip because Brown's office hasn't asked for any money yet. Ethics experts say while there's nothing illegal or wrong with using private funds to pay for the trip or letting business executives tag along it still raises questions about who gets access to the governor. "Any elected official hears more about the hopes and dreams and concerns of those who can pay to fund trips and spend time with him," said Jessica Levinson, a professor who studies government and ethics at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. But, she said, taxpayers may prefer for Brown to cover the costs without their money. "Jerry Brown's going to go on this trip, and either I'm going to pay for it as a taxpayer or corporate interests are going to pay for it," she said. While in China, Brown has met with leaders in the Sichuan and Jiangsu provinces and in Beijing, and delivered remarks at various forums. Remarks on the California-China Climate Partnership at Tsinghau University early Thursday mark Brown's final event of the trip. Executives traveling with the Bay Area Council dined with Brown on Tuesday evening and attended a Wednesday reception with the governor and Beijing Mayor Cai Qi. Its executives traveled separately from Brown and most will return Friday. The council hosted last year's Clean Energy Ministerial in San Francisco and is developing partnerships in China. "We think that working with China is a good economic strategy, particularly around clean energy," Wunderman said. Also traveling alongside Brown are California Energy Commission Chairman Bob Weisenmiller, California Air Resources Board Chair Mary Nichols and several members of their staff. Their travel is paid for by the Energy Foundation, a nonprofit group that awards grants focused on clean energy. Eric Jaffe, senior manager of strategic communications for the foundation, did not immediately respond to a telephone message seeking comment on the cost to send those California officials to China. Report a Typo Related Topics: politicspoliticschinajerry brownCalifornia Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. POLITICS Comey: Trump administration spread 'lies, plain and simple' McCain says his confusing Comey questions resulted from fatigue Happy Birthday, Barbara Bush: A treasured love story Comey to tell Senate Trump asked him to 'lift the cloud' of Russia probe More Politics Top Stories Hazmat team called to scene of FBI raid in Pico-Robertson Teen suspect injured in officer-involved shooting in El Sereno LazRfit a fun workout for those who don't like exercise Police dog fired for being too friendly, gets new job La Crescenta family says pet poodle killed by mountain lion Students from Arcadia High School headed to each of the Ivy Leagues LA Girl Scout pushes city to make crosswalk safer Show More Couple indicted for murder in deadly Texas Denny's fight Pasadena kitten needs life-saving heart surgery Residents plead for clean-up at SoCal battery plant Burglars target businesses in Orange's Old Towne district Grandmother's bail set at $3.2 million in Colton stabbings More News Photos Boeing testing cutting-edge submarine off Palos Verdes coast Top 7 hamburger restaurants in SoCal, submitted by ABC7 viewers PHOTOS: Explosion at Ariana Grande concert PHOTOS: Pippa Middleton's wedding day More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
News Qatar GCC Middle East Europe Americas Africa India Pakistan/Afghanistan Asia Philippines Oceania Business Qatar Business GCC Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Oil Market Sports Qatar Sport Football Tennis Formula One Cricket Athletics Golf NBA Rugby Basketball Olympics Life Style Features & more Tech & Science Motoring Health Food Travel Views Editor in Chief Columns Opinion In Focus Syrian Civil War Islamic State Doha Today Community Campus Souq Entertainment Hollywood Bollywood World Cinema Music In Focus Ramadan Qatar 2022 Syria Civil War Jobs Search Jobs Advanced Search Post Your CV News Facebook Twitter Google Continued hacking attempts force Qatar Television to temporarily shut its website Facebook Twitter Google Read More UN Chief ready to help in solving crisis He urges countries in the region to avoid escalating tensions and work instead to overcome their... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Brotherly kingdom makes cyber sympathy with Qatar a crime while the country urges Islamic restraint Bahrain's Interior Ministry issued a statement yesterday threatening its citizens to stop showing... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Concerned world leaders in touch with Qatar Foreign Minister, diplomats As the regional tension between Qatar and brotherly countries simmer after Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Over 400 GCC citizens report rights violation as more than 11,000 lose job, residence & assets after... Most of the complaints received are not related rights of Qatari citizens but rather to civil,... Business Facebook Twitter Google Amazon lent $1bn to merchants to boost sales on its marketplace Facebook Twitter Google Read More IMF's Greek compromise could break impasse on aid deal The International Monetary Fund is not bending its rules to help crisis-ridden Greece, but is... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Wasted green power tests China's energy leadership Its efforts to cut pollution have made China the world leader in renewable energy development, yet... Facebook Twitter Google Read More India calls for coalition of middle-income countries India called yesterdayfor a coalition of middle-income countries to drum up support for... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Cuba probes for own oil as crisis slashes Venezuelan flow Near the Cuban seaside village of Boca de Camarioca, a giant drill runs into the ground and out to... Sports Facebook Twitter Google French Open: Halep to take on unseeded Ostapenko in final Facebook Twitter Google Read More Shakespeare pens three-year Leicester deal Shakespeare, 53, was promoted from his role as assistant coach on an interim basis following the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Sri Lanka stun India with record run chase Needing 322 to avoid a second successive Group B defeat, Sri Lanka powered to a memorable triumph at... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Eagles, Aktor bag volleyball titles Team Eagles and Team Aktor secured top positions respectively as the men and ladies volleyball... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Sprint king Usain Bolt (pictured) is determined to go out in a blaze of glory when he runs his final... Life Style Facebook Twitter Google 1967 war: How Israel occupied the whole of Palestine Facebook Twitter Google Read More Ferrari Qatar unveils Ramadan rewards Alfardan Sports Motors, the official dealer of Ferrari in Qatar, is offering a one-of-its-kind... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Farmer en suite, Swiss "zero-star" hotel moves beds to great outdoors An overnight stay in a double bed "suite" in a field costs 295 Swiss francs ($306), but you do get a... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Marrakech’s historic booksellers once again face eviction Only 26 booksellers remain in Bab Doukkala on the edge of the old city. Their stocks include Arabic... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster Womenomics in Japan Mandatory quotas for hiring and promoting women are options Japan could consider to take its... Doha Today Facebook Twitter Google Qatar gets ready for Garangao festivities Facebook Twitter Google Read More Ooredoo volunteers visit kids at Hamad General Hospital Ooredoo volunteers yesterday visited Hamad General Hospital’s Children Ward, to bring gifts and... Facebook Twitter Google Read More UDC to host several Garangao activities at The Pearl-Qatar United Development Company (UDC), master developer of The Pearl-Qatar, will host a multitude of... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Blue Salon to celebrate Garangao Aimed to delight children and entertain their families, Blue Salon is set to celebrate Garangao with... Facebook Twitter Google Read More HMC's diabetes screening begins on Friday Hamad Medical Corporation will kick off its Ramadan diabetes screening and education events this... Entertainment Facebook Twitter Google 'Liar, Liar': Election song reaches no.4 in UK charts Facebook Twitter Google Read More Shah Rukh Khan loses his cool after being pranked on Ramadan show Twitter world in the Middle East was taken by storm following the latest episode of Ramez... Facebook Twitter Google Read More In Armenia, a peace prize .. and a music festival? A year after Armenians launched a generous new peace prize, the frontman of rockers System of a Down... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Jerry Garcia guitar raises more than $3 mln for rights group A guitar of Grateful Dead legend Jerry Garcia on Wednesday raised more than $3 million at an auction... Facebook Twitter Google Read More "Felicity", "The Americans" actor Keri Russell gets Hollywood star Keri Russell, a former Mouseketeer who later starred in the coming of age TV drama "Felicity" and... Qatar Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Continued hacking attempts force Qatar Television to... The corporation added that the website services were temporarily suspended for security reasons while concerned authorities carried out... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar UN Chief ready to help in solving crisis He urges countries in the region to avoid escalating tensions and work instead to overcome their differences Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Brotherly kingdom makes cyber sympathy with Qatar a crime... Bahrain's Interior Ministry issued a statement yesterday threatening its citizens to stop showing sympathy or favour towards Qatar in social media.... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Concerned world leaders in touch with Qatar Foreign... As the regional tension between Qatar and brotherly countries simmer after Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt and few other nations cut diplomatic and travel... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Over 400 GCC citizens report rights violation as more than... Most of the complaints received are not related rights of Qatari citizens but rather to civil, economic, social and cultural violations, Dr. Al Marri... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Al-Jazeera says battling cyber attack Qatar-based broadcaster Al-Jazeera said Thursday that it was under a widescale cyber attack which had targeted "all systems", according to a statement... News Facebook Twitter Google Read More Americas FBI ex-head Comey accuses Trump administration of defaming... James Comey said on Thursday he was disturbed by President Donald Trump’s bid to get him to drop a probe into the former national security adviser,... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Europe Merkel starts tour of Argentina, Mexico German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited Argentina on Thursday to discuss trade with President Mauricio Macri amid heavy security on a trip that will... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Europe Eiffel Tower lights out for Iran attacks The Eiffel Tower will turn its lights out on Thursday as a mark of respect for the victims of deadly twin attacks in Tehran, which were claimed by the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Middle East Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq Iran said on Thursday that gunmen and bombers who attacked Tehran were Iranian members of Islamic State who had fought in the militants’ strongholds... Facebook Twitter Google Read More India India unnerved by student anger in Kashmir Another student death in clashes in Indian-administered Kashmir has heightened tensions in the disputed territory and worsened India's worries about a... Business Facebook Twitter Google Read More World Business Amazon lent $1bn to merchants to boost sales on its... Amazon.com Inc has stepped up lending to third-party sellers on its site who are looking to grow their business, a company executive said in an... Facebook Twitter Google Read More World Business IMF's Greek compromise could break impasse on aid deal The International Monetary Fund is not bending its rules to help crisis-ridden Greece, but is helping to resolve an impasse over a new aid program,... Facebook Twitter Google Read More World Business Wasted green power tests China's energy leadership Its efforts to cut pollution have made China the world leader in renewable energy development, yet that green power has been wasted as the country... Facebook Twitter Google Read More World Business India calls for coalition of middle-income countries India called yesterdayfor a coalition of middle-income countries to drum up support for globalisation as a political backlash in the United States and... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Oil Market Cuba probes for own oil as crisis slashes Venezuelan flow Near the Cuban seaside village of Boca de Camarioca, a giant drill runs into the ground and out to sea, probing for oil. Sports Facebook Twitter Google Read More Tennis French Open: Halep to take on unseeded Ostapenko in final Simona Halep reached her second French Open final yesterday with a 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 win over Karolina Pliskova, taking her to within touching distance of... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Football Shakespeare pens three-year Leicester deal Shakespeare, 53, was promoted from his role as assistant coach on an interim basis following the shock dismissal of Claudio Ranieri in February. Facebook Twitter Google Read More Cricket Sri Lanka stun India with record run chase Needing 322 to avoid a second successive Group B defeat, Sri Lanka powered to a memorable triumph at the Oval thanks to key contributions from Mendis... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Sport Eagles, Aktor bag volleyball titles Team Eagles and Team Aktor secured top positions respectively as the men and ladies volleyball tournaments at Aspire Zone Foundation’s (AZF)... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Athletics Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Sprint king Usain Bolt (pictured) is determined to go out in a blaze of glory when he runs his final race in Jamaica this weekend, even though his... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Olympics Discovery backs Paris bid for 2024 Olympic Games American media giant Discovery, the rights holder for the Olympics in Europe, yesterday announced its backing to the Paris bid to host the 2024 Games. Life Style Facebook Twitter Google Read More Feature, Movies & Books 1967 war: How Israel occupied the whole of Palestine Fifty years ago this week, the state of Israel shocked the world when it seized the remaining Palestinian territories of the West Bank, East... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Motoring Ferrari Qatar unveils Ramadan rewards Alfardan Sports Motors, the official dealer of Ferrari in Qatar, is offering a one-of-its-kind extended warranty package to its clients, in line with... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Travel Farmer en suite, Swiss "zero-star" hotel moves beds to great... An overnight stay in a double bed "suite" in a field costs 295 Swiss francs ($306), but you do get a drink on arrival, breakfast and the services of a... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Culture Marrakech’s historic booksellers once again face eviction Only 26 booksellers remain in Bab Doukkala on the edge of the old city. Their stocks include Arabic translations of Karl Marx, modern Moroccan... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Culture Hiring quotas seen as one option to bolster Womenomics in... Mandatory quotas for hiring and promoting women are options Japan could consider to take its "womenomics" push to the next level, according to the... Doha Today Facebook Twitter Google Read More Community Qatar gets ready for Garangao festivities Hypermarkets and retail outlets are witnessing rise in demand for Garangao kits and special garments as the popular festival of children is drawing... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Community Ooredoo volunteers visit kids at Hamad General Hospital Ooredoo volunteers yesterday visited Hamad General Hospital’s Children Ward, to bring gifts and spread joy among young patients during the Holy... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Community UDC to host several Garangao activities at The Pearl-Qatar United Development Company (UDC), master developer of The Pearl-Qatar, will host a multitude of activities to celebrate the Garangao tradition, a... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Souq Blue Salon to celebrate Garangao Aimed to delight children and entertain their families, Blue Salon is set to celebrate Garangao with them through a series of special events, that... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Community HMC's diabetes screening begins on Friday Hamad Medical Corporation will kick off its Ramadan diabetes screening and education events this Friday at Sheikh Abdulrahman bin Mohamed Al... Entertainment Facebook Twitter Google Read More Music 'Liar, Liar': Election song reaches no.4 in UK charts A general election protest song branding British Prime Minister Theresa May a liar reached number four in the weekly charts on Friday -- despite the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Bollywood Shah Rukh Khan loses his cool after being pranked on Ramadan... Twitter world in the Middle East was taken by storm following the latest episode of Ramez Underground. Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan was the one to... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Music In Armenia, a peace prize .. and a music festival? A year after Armenians launched a generous new peace prize, the frontman of rockers System of a Down sees more to come in the country -- including... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Music Jerry Garcia guitar raises more than $3 mln for rights group A guitar of Grateful Dead legend Jerry Garcia on Wednesday raised more than $3 million at an auction to support a leading civil rights group. Facebook Twitter Google Read More Hollywood "Felicity", "The Americans" actor Keri Russell gets... Keri Russell, a former Mouseketeer who later starred in the coming of age TV drama "Felicity" and currently plays a Russian spy in "The Americans",... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Hollywood 'Pirates Of The Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge': Familiar yet... A chaotically high-strung action drama, Salazar's Revenge is not the perpetually drunk swashbuckler Jack Sparrow's story, but in reality it is Henry... Editor-in-Chief Qatar cannot be defeated by conspirators Dr. Khalid Al-Shafi Opinions Media propaganda fails to garner GCC people’s... Mohammed Osman Why is Egypt involved in the latest GCC crisis? Mohamad Elmasry Why are they mad at Qatar? The Peninsula Mindanao island crisis: A city on fire Richard Javad Heydarian Greater access is the key to reducing malnutrition Mohamed Bali Remembering John F Kennedy and his legacy Frank F Islam Court says Donald Trump lied about travel ban Noah Feldman Palestinians expect nothing good from Trump Omar Barghouti Uber needs to change to stay a tech company Leonid Bershidsky Security and stability: Somalia’s big... Boris Johnson Latest News Hot News Qatar Communication Office urges residents to be responsible...  09 Jun 2017 - 9:46 Continued hacking attempts force Qatar Television to...  09 Jun 2017 - 4:20 UN Chief ready to help in solving crisis  09 Jun 2017 - 3:59 No need to stock up; necessary steps taken to ensure normal...  05 Jun 2017 - 16:04 No worries about food situation, we can live forever like...  08 Jun 2017 - 18:15 Erdogan, praising Doha's cool-headedness, criticises Qatar...  07 Jun 2017 - 0:20 Video Gallery Photo Gallery Aspire first International Kite Festival Doha Festival City QIFF 2017 by Salim Matramkot QIFF 2017 by Abdul Basit Qatar Airways - QSuite Latest Tweets Tweets by @PeninsulaQatar Latest News Qatar Communication Office urges residents to be responsible while expressing opinions Continued hacking attempts force Qatar Television to temporarily shut its website UN Chief ready to help in solving crisis Hot News No need to stock up; necessary steps taken to ensure normal life: Qatar cabinet No worries about food situation, we can live forever like this. Will not surrender independence of foreign policy: Qatar Foreign Minister Erdogan, praising Doha's cool-headedness, criticises Qatar sanction, wants stronger ties About Us The Peninsula newspaper provides extensive news coverage, incisive analyses and trenchant commentary from around the world, but with firm roots and primary focus on life in Qatar. Stay in touch © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Toggle navigation About Contact
NEWS SPORTS OBITS Menu LOGIN SUBSCRIBE SEARCH LATEST HEADLINES Latest News Residents speak out on results of Plainville water testing With session over, legislative leaders say focus shifts to passing a budget Southington finance board recommends budget after delay Warrant: Southington woman accused of stealing $475,000 lived ‘beyond her means’ Meriden ZBA approves variance for online firearms business 11 things to do this weekend Permanent restrooms considered for Meriden Green Wallingford Rotary honors six students who demonstrated ‘service above self’ Survey shows business leaders cautious about state economy TOWNS MERIDEN NORTH HAVEN WALLINGFORD PLAINVILLE SOUTHINGTON BERLIN CHESHIRE DURHAM & MIDDLEFIELD STATE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS QUICK LINKS CLASSIFIEDS FRONT PORCH NEWS VIDEO & PODCASTS PHOTOS SPOTTED PHOTO GALLERIES PURCHASE PHOTOS FROM THE PAPER OBITUARIES OPINION EDITORIALS LETTERS TO THE EDITOR STAFF COLUMNS GUEST COLUMNS LIFESTYLE CELEBRATIONS FEATURES POLICE & COURTS ANNOUNCEMENTS SERVICES SUBSCRIBER SERVICES CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE ARCHIVES E-PAPERS RECORD-JOURNAL SOUTHINGTON CITIZEN CHESHIRE CITIZEN BERLIN CITIZEN NORTH HAVEN CITIZEN PLAINVILLE CITIZEN TOWN TIMES NEWS LATEST NEWS MERIDEN WALLINGFORD SOUTHINGTON CHESHIRE BERLIN NORTH HAVEN DURHAM & MIDDLEFIELD PLAINVILLE STATE NATIONAL SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS SPORTS LATEST SPORTS MERIDEN SPORTS WALLINGFORD SPORTS SOUTHINGTON SPORTS CHESHIRE SPORTS BERLIN SPORTS NORTH HAVEN SPORTS DURHAM & MIDDLEFIELD SPORTS PLAINVILLE SPORTS NATIONAL SPORTS ATHLETES OF THE WEEK OBITS OPINION EDITORIALS LETTERS TO THE EDITOR STAFF COLUMNS GUEST COLUMNS PHOTOS SPOTTED PHOTO GALLERIES PURCHASE PHOTOS FROM THE PAPER EPAPER RECORD-JOURNAL SOUTHINGTON CITIZEN CHESHIRE CITIZEN BERLIN CITIZEN NORTH HAVEN CITIZEN PLAINVILLE CITIZEN TOWN TIMES CLASSIFIED AUTOMOTIVE PUBLIC NOTICES JOBS CT JOB SEARCH REAL ESTATE SERVICES PLACE A CLASSIFIED MORE LOGIN | SUBSCRIBE MORE NEWS LIFESTYLE FEATURES FRONT PORCH NEWS BUSINESS POLICE & COURT QUICK LINKS ANNOUNCEMENTS CLASSIFIEDS THROWBACK THURSDAY VIDEO & PODCASTS CELEBRATIONS SERVICES SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBER SERVICES ARCHIVES CONTACT US SEARCH Close × LOGIN Warrant: Southington woman accused of stealing $475,000 lived ‘beyond her means’ Warrant: Southington woman accused of stealing $475,000 lived ‘beyond her means’ Courtney Wells (Courtesy of the Southington Police Department) June 8, 2017 07:07PM By Lauren Sievert Record-Journal staff SOUTHINGTON — A local woman charged with embezzling over $400,000 from a lacrosse association and her employer used the money to buy concert tickets, hotel rooms and items at over 30 different stores. Courtney Wells, 48, of 38 Cambridge Drive, was charged Wednesday with two counts of first-degree larceny and one count each of second-degree money laundering and first-degree forgery. Wells was arraigned in Bristol Superior Court on Wednesday and released on $80,000 bond. She is due back in court on July 5. In February, police were contacted by the board of the Southington Lacrosse Association. The newly appointed president, secretary and treasurer reported they suspected Wells, who was treasurer from 2010 to 2016, had taken money from the association’s bank accounts, according to the arrest warrant. The board first became aware when the new treasurer, Shawn McDowell, took control of the bank account from Wells in 2016. McDowell told police Wells was initially evasive about meeting at the bank to transfer control of the account. The day they met at the bank, Wells was there earlier than planned and told McDowell she closed the old account and opened a new one with his name as the contact, the warrant said. Wells also used a cashier check from another bank to transfer the funds, which McDowell thought was odd. McDowell later learned the old account could not be closed because of an insufficient funds fee and a pending check deposit from Jones Engineering LLC, the warrant said. McDowell shared his concerns about Wells with association president Sean Missal, who then obtained 33 months of banking records, the warrant said. The board found several irregularities and hired an independent accounting firm. The firm found $58,586 in fraudulent and questionable items from January 2014 to September 2016, the warrant said. During her time as treasurer, Wells was the sole user of the association debit card and the only one authorized to use the association’s account. Police obtained warrants for Wells’ bank accounts, the association bank accounts and contacted Jones Engineering, where Wells is employed as a part-time bookkeeper. The owner of Jones Engineering told police that Wells, his sister-in-law, worked there part time and earned about $400 a week, which was directly deposited into her bank account. The owner told police there should not be any other deposits into her account from the company and he never authorized any money to go to the lacrosse association. After looking into the accounts, the owner estimated Wells took hundreds of thousands from the company, the warrant said. He told police there were weeks he went without a paycheck because Wells told him there was not enough money in the accounts. Association board members told police the league generally runs from January to May, with membership fees deposited between December and February, and more activity in May for a jamboree. After those months, they told police, the expenses are limited and there should be little activity on the bank account. Police went through financial documents and discovered Wells embezzled $98,955 from the lacrosse association and $376,099 from Jones Engineering, the warrant said. Police said funds embezzled from the lacrosse association were used for a Snoop Dogg concert, hotels and travel expenses, Olive Garden, Kohl’s, LL Bean, Eddie Bauer, Walmart, Big Y, Edible Arrangements, XL Center, Bonterra Italian Restaurant, Old Navy and Dressbarn. Wells initially told police she sometimes used the association debit card by mistake instead of her own debit card, but always paid the money back, the warrant said. During another interview with police, Wells said she used money embezzled from her job to pay back money taken from the lacrosse association, according to the warrant. Wells told police she sometimes used the association debit card when she didn’t have enough money in her own account, but always paid it back. When confronted with the financial documents totaling the losses to the business and association, Wells told police “she was living beyond her means” and intended to pay it all back, the warrant stated. Wells said she has been working for the engineering company “for free” to start paying some of the money back, the warrant noted. View Comments Support Quality Local Journalism SUBSCRIBE NOW Latest Videos Trending Stories Police: Southington woman embezzled over $400,000 from lacrosse association, business Silver Alert resolved for Meriden teen Police: Wallingford defense attorney bought 40 bags of heroin from former client Warrant: Southington woman accused of stealing $475,000 lived ‘beyond her means’ Latest News Residents speak out on results of Plainville water testing With session over, legislative leaders say focus shifts to passing a budget Southington finance board recommends budget after delay Warrant: Southington woman accused of stealing $475,000 lived ‘beyond her means’ Meriden ZBA approves variance for online firearms business 11 things to do this weekend Permanent restrooms considered for Meriden Green Wallingford Rotary honors six students who demonstrated ‘service above self’ Survey shows business leaders cautious about state economy Home Sports Obituaries Contact Us Sign Up for our Newsletters Work With Us Copyright 2016 500 South Broad St, 2nd Floor, Meriden, CT 06450 +1-203-235-1661 circulation@record-journal.com advertising@record-journal.com newsroom@record-journal.com The RJ Media Group Our mission: To be the primary catalyst that motivates people to contribute to the intellectual, civic and economic vitality of our communities. Advertise with us Copyright 2016 X
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Friday June 9 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Edmonton Motor Show As Advertised Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Life Health & Fitness How to protect against food fraud Cara Rosenbloom, The Washington Post First posted: Thursday, June 08, 2017 03:50 PM MDT | Updated: Thursday, June 08, 2017 04:04 PM MDT File photo. (Kelly Cline, Postmedia) Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error What if you discovered that your honey jar was filled with high-fructose corn syrup? Or your expensive extra virgin olive oil was actually cheap swill? Would you still eat your organic grapes if you found out that they weren't actually organic? You're probably hoping these are just rhetorical questions, and not ones you need to worry about. Regrettably, they are examples of food fraud that are perpetrated on unsuspecting Americans. The global food industry loses $10 billion to $15 billion per year through food substitutions, dilutions and fake labels, according to the Grocery Manufacturers Association. Food fraud affects about 10 percent of all commercially sold food products, but there are ways to protect yourself. What is food fraud? Food fraud is defined as the deliberate and intentional substitution, addition, tampering, or misrepresentation of food, ingredients or packaging; or false or misleading statements made about a food, for economic gain. This could mean watering down orange juice or adding cellulose, an additive made from wood pulp, to grated Parmesan cheese. Most food fraud cases involve the substitution of a high-value product with a lower quality alternative, for the purpose of making money. According to the USP Food Fraud Database, products that may be fraudulent include oils, milk, spices, fruit juice, seafood and sweeteners like honey and maple syrup. John Spink, director of the Food Fraud Initiative at Michigan State University, explains that consumers typically get ripped off in one of these three ways: - They buy luxury goods, such as expensive olive oil, wine or cheese, that are counterfeit. - They buy products with proposed health benefits, like antioxidant-rich pomegranate juice, that have little or no active ingredient. - They buy organic or non-GMO foods that are actually conventionally grown products that have been fraudulently labeled. The vast majority of fraud incidents do not pose a public health risk, Spink says. The harm in most cases is that you're not getting what you paid for. "When consumers learn that they've been duped, they get a deep feeling of violation and outrage," he says. In a small number of cases, there is the potential for harm. Consider the substitution of extra virgin olive oil with cheaper nut oils, which could be problematic for people with food allergies. And there have been countless cases of people getting sick from the bait-and switch of white tuna for cheaper escolar, a bottom-feeder fish that's full of a waxy substance that is indigestible by humans. It can lead to severe gastrointestinal distress (it's known as the "Ex-Lax fish" - enough said). In a nationwide study of seafood fraud, researchers found that 84 percent of the white tuna samples were actually escolar. - - - "No legitimate company's business strategy is to break the law," Spink says. "The corporation may not condone the fraud, but someone in the company does." You can help protect yourself from being a victim of food fraud by starting with this list of five questions, adapted from the Food Fraud Initiative: 1. What is the product? Be on alert when buying oils, dairy foods, spices, fruit juice and fish. 2. Can you distinguish quality? If you've had real Parmesan cheese or maple syrup, you can tell when the consistency or flavor is off. If the price is too good to be true ($3.99 for a 750 milliliter or 25 ounce bottle of extra virgin olive oil), then it's likely fake. 3. Do you have a trusted supplier or retailer relationship? Buying from a reputable grocery store is a good first step and offers more protection than an alternative retailer, like a flea market. Remember: It's harder to buy fakes when you're looking at whole and unprocessed products. For example, choose whole instead of ground spices, and brick instead of grated cheese. 4. Are you shopping online? If so, make sure it's a reputable and recognizable supplier (such as Publix or Walmart), rather than a basement-run shop. 5. Did you do something about it? If you think something is wrong, complain! Tell the retailer and brand owner about the problem, and keep a sample for testing. Federal agencies address food fraud through food safety, defense and quality authorities. The Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Agriculture Department are the principle agencies that work to protect the food supply. But often, cognizant consumer are the whistleblowers. Sophisticated methods of reducing food fraud are on the horizon. One technology with much promise is DNA bar-coding, which allows researchers to identify any species by its genetic makeup - so fish, meat and fresh produce could be assessed. Some restaurants and grocery stores are committed to working only with suppliers that use DNA bar-coding to identify their meat and seafood species. And soon consumers may be able to use smartphone bar-coding apps to test their own food. "DNA coding is too expensive for consumers to do now, but it may eventually be an option," Spink says. - - - Registered dietitian Cara Rosenbloom is president of Words to Eat By, a nutrition communications company specializing in writing, nutrition education and recipe development. She is the co-author of "Nourish: Whole Food Recipes Featuring Seeds, Nuts and Beans." As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN Top stories Popular Latest Videos Fort McMurray wildfire fight slowed by communication gaps Long overdue Walterdale Bridge to open in September Judge dismisses application to stay convictions in high-profile sexual assault case 13-year-old boy killed after bike and van collide in St. Albert Teen dropped at hospital with fatal gunshot wound confirmed a homicide Fort McMurray wildfire fight slowed by communication gaps Ex-Blue Jays pitcher next star of Bachelor Canada Crosby dominant in Penguins' Game 5 win over Predators Theresa May’s election gamble appears to backfire Big Three came to play for Penguins in Game 5 Lyme disease in Edmonton. Police hunt man wanted for impersonating peace officer Albertans are reminded to protect themselves from Hantavirus Dog Saviour Power failure kills research fish at the University of Alberta More from Health & Fitness How to protect against food fraud Family first? Maybe not, study finds Is 'eating for two' putting your baby at risk? Montreal mother and daughter battle breast cancer at the same time Is whole wheat really better for you? It depends, new study suggests Inside Edmonton sun.com News Wildfire fight faced hurdles Entertainment Ex-Jay next star of Bachelor Canada News May’s election gamble backfires? News Killer living metres from victim's parents News Neighbours memorializing girl who died after fire News Understanding Epcor News Riots victim identified after 25 years News School-bus parking News Comey blames firing on Russia probe News Teenage cyclist dies in crash News Is your property tax fair? News Walterdale to open 2 years late Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Edmonton Motor Show As Advertised Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Search for: Home Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Editorials Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date, Features Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date, Features By Travis Pope Posted on 06/08/2017 With the Assassin’s Creed Origins release, game developer Ubisoft will breath new life into a franchise that hasn’t seen a new title since 2015. Leaks over the last year have spread key Assassin’s Creed Origins details. We know the game has a new protagonist. Its Ancient Egyptian setting has leaked more than once. Origins has at least two versions coming for Xbox One and PS4. A pre-order card shared with the web revealed that. Here’s everything else that we know about the Assassin’s Creed Origins release. Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date, Features Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date Assassin’s Creed Origins Story Assassin’s Creed Origins Pre-Orders When We’ll See More of Assassin’s Creed Origins Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date Jacob Frye from Assassin’s Creed Syndicate. Expect Assassin’s Creed Origins to launch between now and March 2018. Ubisoft shared this release window during an earnings call earlier this year. It’s not official, but an Assassin’s Creed Origins release date in October makes sense. Assassin’s Creed games have launched during October before. Usually, the company has a big release in the fall ahead of the holiday shopping season. Ubisoft hasn’t revealed which of its games will fill that slot in 2017. The holidays and new huge launches from other publishers prevent the studio from releasing new games in November. An October launch would give Origins some distance from the Call of Duty: World War 2 release. Assassin’s Creed Origins Story Assassin’s Creed Origins has an all-new world for gamers to experience. Leaks point to an Ancient Egyptian setting during the time the Pyramids were built. This fits with the series’ past games. Assassin’s Creed games have an open world and a new setting for almost every release. Players control Ba Yek in the game, according to leaks. Yek is a member of the Assassin Order, but we’re unsure how long he’s fought against the Templars. This is his first appearance in the franchise. Past Assassin’s Creed games have explored the present-day struggle between the Templars and the Assassins with a second protagonist. We don’t know if this game has that second playable character. Assassin’s Creed Origins Pre-Orders Assassin’s Creed Origins pre-orders won’t start until Ubisoft announces the game. At that time, GameStop, Best Buy and Wal-Mart will let shoppers reserve a physical copy ahead of release. Microsoft and Sony will offer digital pre-orders in their online stores also. Assassin's Creed: Origins Gold Edition pre-order cards at Target Bigger pic https://t.co/0YHHDv0bpb pic.twitter.com/tUtpZzBfBf — AllGamesDelta (@AllGamesDelta) June 7, 2017 We’re sure there are at least two versions of the game coming. One is a standard version for modern consoles. A standard copy of the game will cost $59.99. That’s the price all Xbox One and PS4 games start at. The second version, Assassin’s Creed Origins Gold Edition, includes a physical copy of the game in a Steelbook case, a Deluxe Items Pack and a season pass. The AllGamesDelta Twitter account leaked a Target pre-order card for this version in early June.  Gold Editions of Ubisoft games sometimes cost $99. There’s just a single Assassin’s Creed Origins pre-order extra. Gamers that buy early get a Secrets of the First Pyramid DLC pack that other buyers will need to pay extra for after release. When We’ll See More of Assassins’ Creed Origins Expect the Assassin’s Creed Origins release date and other release details soon. Also, gameplay and videos detailing how this game is different from previous titles in the series aren’t too far off. The company will have more to say about the game during the Electronic Entertainment Expo. A recent post to Ubiblog confirms the title is among the games it plans to talk about during its press conference. This year, that press conference is on Monday, June 12th. A livestream of the broadcast starts at 1 PM Pacific Time. 8 Best Free Xbox Games Warframe   1 / 8 Many free-to-play games revolve around strategy or civilization building. Warframe is one of the free Xbox games that you can download now that doesn’t. It’s a third-person shooter. The Tenno have just awoken after centuries of sleeping in stasis. Warframe takes its name from the suits that the Tenno use to do battle with the game’s other races. There’s the Greiner, who are clones of humans. The Corpus are a technology company with lots of robotic innovation at their disposal. Sentients consist of an alien race that’s back to do battle. Warframe features both player-vs-player combat and a single player experience. [ Download Warframe from the Xbox Store ]   1 / 8 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Editorials iPhone 6s iOS 11 Beta: First Impressions & Performance We’ve been using the iPhone 6s iOS 11 beta for a few days now and we still believe m… 06/08/2017 13 min read 4 Reasons Not to Install Nexus 5X Android 8.0 & 5 Reasons You Should Installing the Nexus 5X Android 8.0 update beta might be tempting but most of you should p… 06/08/2017 4 min read 12.9-Inch iPad Pro vs 2017 Surface Pro: Which to Buy? The 12.9-Inch iPad Pro and the 2017 Surface Pro are capable laptop replacements this summe… 06/08/2017 21 min read Load More In Editorials Click To Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile 10 Best Third Person Shooter Games for Android Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Mevo Camera Review: Stream Live to Facebook or YouTube Like a Pro InvisibleShield Glass Curve Review: Galaxy S8 Screen Protector Moshi Apple Watch Travel Stand Review © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN CBS/AP June 8, 2017, 6:05 PM Polar bears face new challenge as sea ice becomes speedier, study says 15 Photos Polar bear standing on the edge of an ice floe. A new study says faster ice drift increases risks to the species as the climate warms. istockphoto Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email ANCHORAGE, Alaska -- Rapid global warming has sped up the movement of sea ice off Alaska's coasts, and already at-risk polar bears are paying a price, a new U.S. study says. Most sea ice moves throughout the year and the iconic white bears are on a perpetual walk to stay within their preferred habitat, said U.S. Geological Survey research ecologist George Durner, lead author of the study. Study: Polar bears could feel bite of climate change by 2025 He compares it to living on a treadmill that has picked up speed because ice is thinner, more brittle and moving faster because of wind and ocean currents. Play Video Sunday Morning A walk among polar bears Lee Cowan visits Churchill, Manitoba, the "Polar Bear Capital of the World," where the world's largest land predator arrives waiting for the sea ... "Increased sea ice drift rates likely exacerbate the physiological stress due to reduced foraging opportunity already experienced by many polar bears in the warming Arctic, adding yet another 'straw to the camel's back,'" Durner said. Polar bears were listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act in 2008 amid the alarming loss of summer sea ice in recent decades and climate models indicating the trend would persist. However, the government said the act would not be used to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. The U.S. polar bear recovery plan says that without action to address climate change -- the primary cause of diminishing sea ice -- it is unlikely that polar bears could be saved. The plan released in January noted positive signs such as emission goals in the Paris climate agreement. President Donald Trump, however, withdrew from the international pact last week, arguing that it had disadvantaged the U.S. "to the exclusive benefit of other countries," leaving American businesses and taxpayers to absorb the cost. Play Video CBSN Sea ice at the poles is melting at record pace Climate scientists say polar sea ice is rapidly melting and 2016 will go down as the hottest year on record. CBS News contributor and theoretical... Mr. Trump's decision flew in the face of a vocal campaign by large companies to keep America in the agreement, and it sparked anger among some chief executives. "Climate change is real," Jeff Immelt, CEO of General Electric, said in a tweet after the president's announcement. "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." In the wake of Mr. Trump's speech, Elon Musk, head of electric-car maker Tesla, resigned from the president's business advisory council. "Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," he tweeted.Bob Iger, chief of Walt Disney, followed suit in quitting the council over the Paris move. The hundreds of big companies that backed staying with the Paris accord run the full range of business sectors. They included retailers like Walmart, tech giants such as Apple, automakers like General Motors and even the leading lights of the fossil fuel industry, notably Exxon Mobil. Trump also has called for expanded petroleum development in polar bear habitat, including offshore Alaska waters and parts of areas the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Margaret Williams, Arctic program managing director for the World Wildlife Fund, called withdrawal from the Paris agreement frightening but said private, state and local efforts to reduce carbon emissions and turn to renewable energy are a positive sign. "There's still a lot of hope," she said. Obama reacts to U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate agreement The political moves come as the Geological Survey and University of Wyoming study documented how polar bears use more energy to stay within their home range. Researchers made a conservative estimate that bears will have to kill one to three more seals a year to compensate for faster-moving ice, a challenge for bears already facing fewer hunting opportunities. Durner compared their plight to people living in a town hit by both inflation and rising unemployment. "For the polar bear, the Arctic is becoming more expensive to live in," he said. Polar bears can go for extended periods without eating but then gorge on ringed and bearded seals. Ringed seals give birth on sea ice in spring and early summer, and polar bears sniff out their lairs. Play Video SciTech Polar bears leave clues behind in their footprints World Wildlife Fund scientists collect snow from the footprints of polar bears in Norway and find intact polar bear DNA. Diminished sea ice has reduced access to prey in the southern Beaufort Sea off Alaska's north coast. Researchers have documented the polar bear's declining body condition, reproduction, survival and abundance. In the new study, researchers looked at data from radio-collared female polar bears in the Beaufort and the Chukchi Seas during two periods: 1987-1998 and 1999-2013. Sea ice changed in amount, thickness and composition in the second period as melting seasons lengthened. Researchers concluded that the bears must kill 2 to 6 percent more seals per year to make up for burning more calories on faster-moving sea ice. The study did not address whether they walk faster or spend more time moving to keep up with the ice. Bears in the Chukchi Sea, off Alaska's northwest coast, had to walk farther and burn more calories than south Beaufort bears but are in better shape because more food is available, Durner said. Amy Cutting, animal curator at the Oregon Zoo, said in an email that the paper is a key piece in the growing literature examining challenges faced by polar bears. With decades of location and movement data on bears, she said, the Geological Survey is uniquely positioned to assess and quantify effects of changes in sea ice. "This kind of research is critical to understanding the specific mechanisms through which climate change is impacting polar bear biology," Cutting said. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive wants the world to know At 97, Ben Ferencz is the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive and he has a far-reaching message for today’s world Creighton killings: Was revenge the motive behind Omaha stabbing deaths? Two double murders five years apart in quiet Omaha neighborhoods -- the trail would lead police to a local hospital and an unlikely suspect Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Freed from the circus, lions killed by poachers Gorilla Doctors Poisoned Chief of Chobani Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Play Video James Comey to testify today Play Video Comey's testimony Play Video Trump's attorney Play Video A look at the law Play Video Comey and Trump Play Video Comey on Russia Previous Next 20 Photos 2017 CMT Awards highlights 35 Photos 2017 CMT Awards red carpet 34 Photos D-Day: When the Allies turned the tide 28 Photos The art of Kerry James Marshall 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years Previous Next Most Discussed Trump feels "vindicated" by James Comey's testimony, lawyer says Will U.S. exit from Paris agreement spur job growth? London Bridge terror attack -- live updates Comey testimony: "I was fired because of the Russia investigation" Trump tweets again about London mayor New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 June 2017 by Arun Patil Europe Wall Decor Market Growth with 7.81% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Europe Wall Decor Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The Wall Decor market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Wall Decor industry. The Wall Decor Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 7.81% during the years 2017-2021. Wall Decor Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Wall Decor market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Wall Decor Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10543541 Wall Decor Market Segmentation by: Product:  Picture frames, Wall clocks, Wall tapestry, posters, and sculptures, Wall storage, shelves, and hanging cabinets, Decorative wall mirrors, Other decorative accents. The Wall Decor market report delivers study on the market dynamics which shows how the industry is growing. Drivers:  Premium and aspirational product collection. Challenges:  Price wars due to low product differentiation. Trends:  Digital printing, Personalization of wall décor, Customized wall decor, Growing online retailing of wall decor, Consumer confidence and lifestyle trend. Wall Decor market report provides detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Browse Detailed Information on Europe Wall Decor Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10543541 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Wall Decor market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Wall Decor industry. Europe Wall Decor Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Amazon, Carrefour, IKEA, Kingfisher, Walmart, and many more. The Wall Decor Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10543541 The Wall Decor market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Wall Decor market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Wall Decor market before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious International Polymer Fillers Market 2017-2021: Industry Consumption, Suppliers, Rivalry, Customers, Geography, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast Next PostNext Global Soft Contact Lens Market Growth with 7.64% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Search Recent Posts Global Enterprise Tablet Market Growth with 8.61% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Worldwide Dust Suppression Systems Market 2017-2021 Consumption, Suppliers, Industry Rivalry, New Entrant with facing Challenges, Regions, Trends, Drivers, & Forecast Global Soft Contact Lens Market Growth with 7.64% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Global Soft Contact Lens Market Growth with 7.64% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Europe Wall Decor Market Growth with 7.81% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Billboard Subscribe Subscribe now Newsletter Sign Up Charts Songs of the Summer Hot 100 Billboard 200 Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Latin Dance/Electronic Country Rock Trending 140 Emerging Artists Spotify + Web Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Sports International News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Dance Style Country Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Pret-a-Reporter Video Photos Business More Charts News Video Photos Business Hot 100 Billboard 200 Hot 100 Fest Festivals Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Artists 'American Gods' Composer Brian Reitzell Breaks Down 2017's Most Eclectic Soundtrack, Shares Latest Collaboration: Exclusive 6/8/2017 by Bryan Kress FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Josh Humphrey Brian Reitzell American Gods -- the latest hit from veteran showrunner Bryan Fuller (Pushing Daisies, Hannibal), which debuted April 30 on Starz and is based on the 2001 novel by Neil Gaiman -- tells a story as sprawling as human history itself, with the addition of classic mythology and the supernatural. As the man who puts music to the madness, composer Brian Reitzell has one of the most challenging roles in bringing the modern cult classic to life. Billboard was able to catch up with him one week before the official soundtrack’s release to discuss his role as the composer and music supervisor on the show, the endless array of cultural and musical influences, and the similarities between composing and cooking. Check out the exclusive premiere of the collaborative track “I Put a Spell on You” with Mark Lanegan (Screaming Trees, Queens of the Stone Age) below, and read on to see what exactly to expect from the complete soundtrack, out June 16 via Milan Records. So first, how familiar were you with the source material? I hadn’t read the book until I was working on the project. I actually read the first script first, and then started reading the book. I went through the book with a fine-tooth comb to write down every musical reference that was in the book. I felt it was my duty to really understand Neil [Gaiman] and all the music that was in the book so that I could either use it or not use it, but also to thoroughly understand what he was putting in there. And there’s some stuff in there that I wouldn’t necessarily touch, but I still wanted to understand it all. I think I was also able to pull out some things that Neil mentioned in the book that weren’t even musical references directly. Like, he quotes the lyrics to [the traditional folk song] “Midnight Special” but not as a musical reference, more as a lyrical reference. So yeah, I brushed up on it for sure.   Building off of that, you talked about how you noticed all of those musical references, so how did you decide on the musical motifs to capture the many different characters and time periods that are involved? That came a little more from looking at the picture, like looking at Ian McShane playing Mr. Wednesday and just feeling like jazz music seemed to suit him well. The first time we see him, it’s quite comedic actually. Jazz is an American music. The obvious thing with American Gods is to use Americana or folk music, and since I’m not only a composer but a music supervisor, every record company and library company was trying to send me folk music assuming that was what I was going to do. Luckily for me, I had about a year that I spent working on this thing so I had a lot of time to mess around and find it. I discovered that each of the different characters could have something that was unique to them. I also did want it to be American at its core, but when you have a character like Matt Sweeney who is, you know, a leprechaun, or you have Bilquis, who is this African goddess, it gives me a lot of room to play around with things. I could go into detail about each one, but really I was looking at the character, getting a sense of their style, their place, their ancestry, what have you, and trying to draw from there. And in the end I did use a bit of folk music, just kind of at the core and mostly just at the beginning of the show. And then I thought once people got into the show I could bend their ear a little bit more and take them to places they didn’t necessarily expect to go. I noticed the folk music especially during the road trip scenes which is pretty fitting. Yes! You mentioned all the different characters and their origins and the cultures they come from. How did you find a cohesive theme that could run throughout? I think the soundtrack is a good window into that because the soundtrack is kind of all over the place. I mean, the first episode we start with vikings and I chose to draw from Norwegian black metal. So, episode one goes from Norwegian black metal and ends with Techno Boy with a futurist-type of computer music. So it really runs the gamut from jazz to folk to rock. I mean everything is in that first episode. And to make it cohesive, I think that’s mostly because it all essentially came from me and I have my sensibilities and my ways of playing music. I don’t consider myself a jazz musician. I don’t consider myself a folk musician. Before I was a professional musician, I was a professional chef, and there’s something to be said about the parallels between cooking and music. As a chef, I can tell you, one of my favorite kinds of foods to cook is Cajun and Creole food. And that food is the ultimate fusion of ethnicities. Kind of like Jazz music, I guess in a way, where you can bring the Indian influence, the French influence, the Italian influence, the Spanish influence, et cetera, et cetera, and yet using the ingredients you have at your disposal to make those kinds of foods is probably why there is a cohesion. It’s weird, but in making the soundtrack and listening to it how it goes from this Egyptian orgy into a Giorgio Moroder/Debbie Harry-influenced disco track then into jazz and then Vivaldi classical. I don’t know, somehow it all seems to work. [Laughs] It does, yes, very well! And you said you don’t have a jazz background but you pull it off very well. Well, jazz is probably my first real love of music and I have been playing it a long time, but I also bring in different musicians to play with me who are incredibly talented. That’s legit saxophone and legit trumpet and bass, but you know, I’m fortunate to have these guys around me that can play what I throw in front of them. So speaking of other artists you’ve worked with, I wanted to ask about the collaborations you did with Shirley Manson and Debbie Harry and the other featured artists on the soundtrack. What can you tell us about working with them and how that came about? Well because again, I was the music supervisor and the composer, I tend to think a little more broadly. There was a Garbage song that had been temp’ed into one of the episodes and it just so happens that Butch Vig is a friend of mine and a neighbor. I asked Butch about getting the song because everyone loves the song. I personally didn't like the song because it didn’t feel like our show, it felt like every other show. It’s probably their most popular song, the lyrics were really on the nose, and so I asked Butch ‘Maybe I could do something with Shirley’... who also happens to live in the neighborhood. So Shirley came over, I talked to her about it, I showed her the scene, and then she went away. Then myself and Roger Manning, who was working with me on some of these tracks -- Roger plays keyboards with Beck and is a dear, old friend of mine... last time we worked together was probably on Lost In Translation --wrote a song based primarily on the fact that in the scene [main character] Shadow is punching a punching bag. So I built a rhythm around a punching bag. You know the [mimics repetitive thudding sound] rhythm, and then we wrote a song and gave it to Shirley. Shirley had written lyrics based on the scene that she saw, and lo, two days later we had a song. I liked the idea of Shirley and Debbie and Mark Lanegan because they’re all kind of like musical gods to me. They’re not these new, young acts. They’re these god-like musical creatures. I thought that that was very appropriate for the show so I tried to incorporate both Mark and Shirley throughout the show. Mark, I think, appears four times over the course of this season and Shirley appears twice, and both Mark and Shirley also appear in the main title sequence. With Debbie, that’s because I had to make a disco scene for a nightclub in Tehran in 1979 and I thought ‘oh my god, let’s ask Debbie!’ And the crazy thing is, we didn’t know this at the time, but Blondie and Garbage are going on tour together next month. And Shirley knew Debbie but we didn’t even do it through Shirley, we just got in touch with Debbie. Debbie was on tour in Australia -- I’ve never met Debbie -- but of course, I’m a huge Blondie fan. So the fact that she agreed to do it was so great for us. I had made the song and sent it to her and she went into a studio in Australia where she was on tour, sent me back the files and then we put them in and then Shirley sang as well. I kind of wanted to have my own version of ABBA with Shirley and Debbie as the singers. And it worked! And it makes one heck of a block party as well. Right?! You mentioned before when you were cooking stuff up how it was like putting ingredients together. What was your approach for the more abstract characters like Media or Technical Boy whose ingredients aren’t quite as clear? Well, Media is kind of all things. So I had to do that scene-by-scene. When you look at the first scene where she’s Lucille Ball playing on the tv sets in a Walmart or whatever, I decided to make a piece of music that was kind of digital and yet analog at the same time. I used an old PPG 2.2 synthesizer and I incorporated what I could from I Love Lucy, which essentially ended up being a laugh track and a gliss on a celeste [keyboard], which is used all over in I Love Lucy. And then I used a bunch of Cuban percussion  -- not a lot but enough to give you that flare of Lucy and Ricky. And then when we see her dressed up as David Bowie, I wanted to make something that felt like a 70’s German era, Eno-Bowie track to lay underneath it. I had my friend Jim James from My Morning Jacket, who was in doing another cue with me, the “Nunnyunnini” cue, which is this weird animated sequence that we did. So Jim sang on the Bowie track and that worked out pretty well too. So yeah with [Media], it was more about taking a look at what her character was in the given scene. Later in the show, she’s dressed as Judy Garland. With that one, she’s at this Easter party so we decided to do something that was old school Hollywood, maybe a bit Vivaldi with a string quartet. You've worked on some of the most affective scores this century, including Lost in Translation and more recently Hannibal, but nothing quite as surreal as American Gods. What was your process with something that wasn't as grounded in reality? You know, they’re all the same for me. I work on everything whether it’s a film or TV show -- I wouldn’t even consider American Gods a TV Show. I don’t even know what it is. I don’t think any of us do. I know! We’ve entered a whole new era. I’ve been doing this now since -- my first film was The Virgin Suicides, and that was, I believe, ‘98 or ‘99, and it’s changed so much. Back then it was VHS tapes, I didn’t have a computer, it was a 4-track… Now it’s just a whole other process. But I approach them all the same. I essentially look at what they give me and some little voice tells me what to do. And Bryan Fuller continues to give me things that are super challenging and super far-out. He gives me the freedom to really push things and experiment, just as he’s doing with the story and the visuals. I look at these pieces and the first thing I do is just say, ‘holy shit!’ I know what to do but this is going to take a really long time and it’s going to use so many of my resources and so much of the instruments that I have. I’m constantly buying instruments so that I have a full pantry. Again, this all goes back to cooking. [Laughs] Building that menu of what I need in order to fulfill the storytelling of what he’s putting in front of me. It’s his fault, or it’s Sofia [Coppola]’s fault or whoever’s throwing this stuff in front of me that makes me go where I go. Shows like American Gods and Westworld have brought television scores into the zeitgeist for the way they recontextualize contemporary music, and in your case, contemporary icons. How do you put your spin on something so established? Is it daunting or is it just something you see that needs to be done? Both! The thing about me is that I’m a total music freak. I love Bowie, and I can go very deep. I have all of those instruments at my studio, I have all the old stuff, and I’m such a fan of the different production techniques of people like Giorgio Moroder or Rudy Van Gelder or whoever it is to create that. I think a lot of that in my case has to do with the fact that I came at this from being a music supervisor. When I started music supervising, there were only a few people that were doing this: you had Quentin [Tarantino], you had Paul Thomas Anderson, you had Wes Anderson, and Sofia. There weren’t many people that were drawing from a record collection to score their movies. Nowadays, everybody is... We have iTunes, you can type in a keyword, all these songs will show up. That art form is very different now than it used to be. So I decided early on to start creating stuff and bringing in different artists. I mean, if you look at my track record, I’ve now collaborated with so many different people and that’s because maybe I want a Blondie song that is special to our show, or maybe I want an Aphex Twin song that’s special to my show rather than just take from their catalogue. It just seems that this process works. I was delighted to see that David Lynch on Twin Peaks is now ending each episode, or most of his episodes, having a band play a song that goes into the end credits. When I did the show Boss, that’s what we did. For season 2 of Boss, every show ended with a song that we created for the show. It started in the last scene and played out through the end credits. I think that this television medium, or whatever we call it now, is a really great frontier to turn people onto music -- to new music, or old music. It’s a great platform where you’ve got people’s ears and you can throw something at them. I like to use it to the fullest that I can. [Laughs] Luckily because the music business is what it is, I don’t think anybody has ever said no when I’ve asked them to be involved in something like this. I’ve been very fortunate in that respect. I want to ask about the official soundtrack which is dropping next week. What do you hope people will take away from the music on its own merits besides how it’s presented on the show? Well, it’s tricky because everything was made to be in the show. It’s all score, even the songs I did were built to be in the show. I did do some expanded mixes like I did with the Bowie track, and you’ll get longer versions. I always make these pieces so that they can stand on their own, but really they’re meant to be a souvenir for the show. For people that watch the show, this is their souvenir. I really want the fans of the show and fans of the book to appreciate it. That’s the most important thing. And I also really want fans of mine or Mark’s or Shirley’s or Debbie’s to appreciate it. But really, it’s for people who like the show. Because it’s weird! I mean, you’ve got some musical pieces that are pretty weird. You know, the gay Muslim sex scene, I mean, that is a pretty far-out piece of music and I needed it to be on there because, I don’t know, some people may want to get down to the piece of music. [Laughs] So I wanted to get it to them. The interesting thing about this soundtrack -- I’ve done quite a few soundtracks in my day -- was when the record company said ‘Brian, we need you to put together the sequence, the tracklisting.’ I do so much music for these shows because Bryan Fuller wants music to be pretty constant on these shows, and that’s more his decision than mine. So there’s upwards of, I don’t know, seven hours of music. I whittled it down to my fantasy and it just so happens that it was about 79 and a half minutes of music. And you can have 80 minutes. I wasn’t even trying. I was just putting together pieces, one or two from each episode, the songs, etc, and I had roughly 80 minutes of music. So it worked out beautifully without really trying and I think it fits together nicely as a record. You’ll have to tell me. It does go from full-on bebop, free jazz to 70’s Bowie to American folk music -- I mean it goes all over the place. But somehow it does seem to play down. To use your cooking metaphor, it’s got a little of everything that by the end of it, I was pleasantly full. Well, good! And finally, do you put yourself in the school of the old gods or the new? Both, unfortunately. And that’s the thing about both music and cooking is that I can appreciate it. You know, “Nunnyunnini” is one of my favorite pieces on the record, and “Nunnyunnini” was made with only -- there’s no actual instruments in that track. There’s shells, there’s tree branches, there’s animal skins, there’s wood, there’s stones, there’s human voice, and like, a conch shell. I didn't use any digital effects at all. So that piece of music actually could really exist in prehistoric times. So that’s pretty old. In fact, that’s as old as I can get as a composer. But then you have very modern music like the shopping cues or any of the Techno Boy cues, just more electronic aspects to it. I love futurist music. I like [Venezuelan electronic producer] Arca, who influenced me in the more modern pieces, but I also borrowed from Vivaldi and [Richard] Wagner and Miles Davis and Leadbelly and Giorgio Moroder. You name it. It’s a trip around the world. And I think that’s what it needed to be because that’s sort of what America is. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Comey worried about Trump lying; said Russian interference on election ‘happened’ (Updated) Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Used vehicle price index hits record high Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year BusinessFinanceNews Briefs by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 9 hours ago 29 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet J.B. Hunt Transport Services moved up nine spots to No. 407 on the Fortune 500 list. On Thursday (June 8), the Lowell-based carrier announced it has been on the list for five consecutive years. In 2013, the company made its debut at No. 485. The list ranks the largest U.S. companies by revenue. In 2016, the company’s revenue increased 5.9% to $6.55 billion, from $6.18 billion in 2015. Earnings for the year rose 1% to $432.09 million, from $427.23 million. Being on the list for the fifth year in a row is a “tremendous honor,” said John Roberts, president and CEO of J.B. Hunt. “It’s a testament to our company’s ongoing commitment to excellence and innovation as we work to meet the supply chain solution needs of businesses throughout North America.” Among other Arkansas-based companies, Bentonville-based retailer Wal-Mart Stores was No. 1 on the list for the fifth straight year, with 2016  revenue of $485.87 billion, followed by Berkshire Hathaway and Apple with revenues of $223.6 billion and $215.63 billion, respectively. Springdale-based Tyson Foods was No. 82, with revenue of $36.88 billion, El Dorado-based Murphy USA was No. 291, with revenue of $9.63 billion, Little Rock-based Dillard’s was No. 417, with revenue of $6.41 billion, and Little Rock-based Windstream Holdings was No. 485, with revenue of $5.38 billion. This year marks the 63rd Fortune 500 list. The companies on the list account for two-thirds of the U.S. GDP, with $12 trillion in combined revenue, $890 billion in earnings and $19 trillion in market value. Worldwide, the companies employ 28.2 million people. Comments comments Previous post Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work Next post Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon It’s time for a different approach with Cuba Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Elder Law and why is it important to you Justin Allen Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, non-berries, and stuff that doesn’t make America great again Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Latest Popular Arkansas State University raises tuition by 3.4% on Jonesboro campus, new chancellor officially hired 4 hours ago Fort Smith sales tax numbers beat 2016 performance by less than 2% through April  8 hours ago Fort Smith metro building activity up over 26% despite weak May permit numbers 9 hours ago J.B. Hunt climbs to No. 407 on Fortune 500 list, Wal-Mart tops list for fifth straight year 9 hours ago Mercy breaks ground on new clinic in southwest Bentonville, gives update on hospital work 10 hours ago Late Fort Smith City Administrator Ray Gosack gifts $750,000 to universities 1,985 views First District Democrat eyeing challenge to Rep. Crawford 1,260 views Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 1,086 views TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 918 views Single Parent Scholarship Fund of NWA executive director resigns, nonprofit looks for a new leader 914 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Steven Lynn Ross Thursday Jun 8, 2017 at 3:33 PM Steven Lynn Ross, 70, Carthage, MO, passed away Saturday, June 3, 2017 at his home after a lengthy illness. Steven Lynn Ross, 70, Carthage, MO, passed away Saturday, June 3, 2017 at his home after a lengthy illness.   Steven was born September 26, 1946, in Topeka, Kansas, a son of the late Charles L. Ross and Doris L. Rowe Ross. He was a graduate of Topeka West High School, Class of 1964, and received his BA degree in Education from Emporia State College, Emporia, KS. Steven was a U.S. Army veteran of the Vietnam Conflict, serving with the 27th Artillery attached to the 101st Airborne. He married Margaret L. Stevenson on September 25, 1970, in Emporia; she survives.  Steven was a teacher for seven years before moving to Carthage, where he and his wife operated the 7-Eleven Convenience Store at the corner of River and Fairview, from 1977 – 1997.   In 2001, he went to work for the Carthage Wal-Mart Store as a cashier and Customer Service Manager from 2001 – 2017. He was a member of the Carthage VFW Lodge, Carthage Knights of Pythias, and the Vietnam War Veterans Association and was instrumental in getting the Vietnam Memorial Wall to Carthage.   Additional survivors include a son, Scott L. Ross, Hannibal, MO; a sister, Marcia Ross, Ft. Collins, CO; three brothers, Gary (Linda) Ross, St. Louis, MO, Richard Ross, Topeka, KS and Mark (Julie) Ross, Overland Park, KS. The body has been cremated.  Visitation will be held from 6:00 – 7:00 PM, Thursday, June 8 at Knell Mortuary, 308 W. Chestnut, Carthage, MO  64836. Private family inurnment will be held at a later date. Memorial gifts are suggested to Carthage VFW in care of Knell Mortuary, 308 W. Chestnut Street, Carthage, MO 64836. Online condolences may be expressed through www.knellmortuary.com. Arrangements are under the direction and personal care of Knell Mortuary. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us e-Edition Place an Ad Calendar Advertise With Us Market Place Cars Classifieds Advertise With Us RadarFrog Featured Ads Boats Magazine Community Info The City of Carthage Chamber of Commerce R-9 School District Carthage CVB Missouri Government Carthage Demographics Church Directory Sports MSSU Pitt State MO Sports KC Royals KC Chiefs MU Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Obituaries Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Carthage Press ~ 800 W. Central (P.O. Box 678), Carthage, MO 64836 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber My Profile e-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Angry About Onions In Your Food? Please Keep Your Pants On Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Angry About Onions In Your Food? Please Keep Your Pants On Image courtesy of Studio d'Xavier June 8, 2017 3:54 pm EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk well that seems excessive bad consumers restaurants crime Is it upsetting to receive an ingredient in your food that you do not like? Sure. But please, the next time your meal isn’t satisfactory, just remember to keep your pants on: Police in Pittsburgh say a man who was angry about the onions in his food on Monday returned to express his displeasure on Tuesday — and showed employees a bit more than they wanted to see. KDKA reports that employees at a local Indian restaurant were not thrilled when the man showed up again — apparently drunk — a day after he’d been “acting belligerent” toward staff about his meal. According to a criminal complaint, the man refused to leave multiple times, and then threatened to shoot the owner, and reached for his pants pocket. The owner called police, but while he and another worker were waiting for them to arrive, the man reportedly pulled down his pants and exposed himself. Police say that when they showed up, the suspect smelled of alcohol, had blood shot eyes, and was slurring his speech while speaking nonsense. He eventually told officers he’d gotten into a dispute with staff over onions on his food. He refused to leave even when police told him to, the report says, and resisted arrest when officers tried to take him into custody, forcing them to lift him into the backseat of the police cruiser for his trip to Allegheny County jail. He’s been charged with terroristic threats, indecent exposure, public drunkenness, and resisting arrest. He’s also earned himself a spot on a long list of customers who have overreacted in these kinds of situations: • A customer who attacked a McDonald’s cashier and ordering screens because she was unhappy with her food • There was the shopper accused of burning down the mall because she couldn’t find a shopping cart • The Taco Bell customer who allegedly shot at a store over forgotten sour cream • A Wendy’s patron who police said trashed the restaurant because she was dissatisfied with her order • An incident in France where an Apple store customer smashed up the store because the company wouldn’t replace his defective iPhone • The accused shoplifter who bit off the finger of the Walmart worker who confronted her for stealing • Drive-thru customers who allegedly attacked a Burger King worker because their order wasn’t ready fast enough • An angry Wendy’s customer who was arrested for biting a manager because of a mixup in her order • The all-out brawl at a pizzeria that police said was caused by unwanted cheese on a customer’s order of garlic knots • A New York City bus passenger who was arrested for hijacking the bus after the driver told her to stop smoking on it • The guy who was accused of slashing a Dunkin’ Donuts worker in the face after being asked to leave the store • A McDonald’s customer who ended up in a tie-grabbing, right-hook flying kerfuffle with a worker because he was tired of waiting for his change • The man who police said shattered a glass door at Waffle House because he was cranky about his bill for sausage biscuits • A customer who was turned down for a loan who allegedly threatened a Kia dealership with a handgun • Yet another shoplifting suspect accused of biting someone; this time it was a Target security officer’s arm • The Macy’s customer who was accused of biting an employee in a dispute over a price • An unhappy Subway customer who hurled a sandwich and a soda at an employee and then allegedly tried to hit her with her car • The Taco Bell customers accused of walking into the restaurant after their drive-thru order was incorrect, and assaulting a fellow patron who stood up for staff with a tire iron • The guy who was so upset that his US Airways flight was overbooked, he stripped naked at the Charlotte Airport to show his displeasure • A man who police said pitched a condiment-throwing fit over a rest stop’s lack of macaroni and cheese and potatoes • Accused dine-and-dashers who allegedly ran over a waitress who was trying to confront them about their bill • The Pizza Hut customer who was apparently so mad that his order got lost, he allegedly drove his car into the restaurant • A Walmart customer who was caught on tape head-butting a tax worker during an argument in the store • The bodega customer who was accused of using a stolen credit card and then allegedly trying to set the clerk on fire with Axe body spray Want more stories from Consumerist? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. June 8, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk well that seems excessive bad consumers restaurants crime Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related bad reactions Pizzeria Claims Enraged UberEATS Driver Fired BB Gun Into Restaurant so very hangry Police: Man Pitched A Condiment-Throwing Fit Over Rest Stop’s Lack Of Macaroni & Cheese, Potatoes A Different Fast Food Binge Man Arrested After Allegedly Going On Fast Food Robbery Spree At Dunkin’ Donuts, McDonald’s, And White Castle allegedly Funny How Cops Don’t Like It When Drunk, Unruly Taco Bell Customers Impersonate Police Officers what would doctor who do? Man Accused Of Stealing Food, Breaking Door At Arby’s Claimed He’s A Time-Traveling Alien Previous Did You Ever Notice There Is No Music At Most Target Stores? That May Change Next Everyone Is Freaking Out About iPhone’s New Video Screen Capture Feature Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Everyone Is Freaking Out About iPhone’s New Video Screen Capture Feature Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 09, 2017, 1:57 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Authorities searching Arkansas landfill for evidence in 25-year-old's killing By Brandon Riddle This article was published June 8, 2017 at 3:13 p.m. PHOTO BY BOULDER POLICE DEPARTMENT Ashley Mead, 25, (left) and Adam Densmore, 32, who is being held on a first-degree murder charge in her disappearance Comments (2) aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. Out-of-state authorities say they are now combing over an Arkansas landfill as part of a months-long investigation into a 25-year-old woman’s death. Police in Boulder, Colo., said in a statement Thursday that the agency was searching for evidence at the Morrilton landfill in Ashley Mead’s killing. That search began Tuesday. "It is unknown how long the search will continue," the police department said. Adam Densmore, 32, is believed to have killed Mead in the Colorado town before embarking on a multi-state trip with their daughter to dispose of at least some of Mead’s remains, Arkansas Online previously reported. Arkansas was among the five states Densmore traveled to along a path that began Feb. 12 in Boulder, Colo., and ended Feb. 15 in Okmulgee, Okla. On Feb. 14, Densmore stopped in Conway and stayed in the city for a night, police said. Mead and her daughter, Winter, were reported missing that day. The following morning, Densmore drove to Okmulgee, Okla., which is nearly 40 miles south of Tulsa. The Daily Camera in Boulder, Colo., reported that remains believed to be those of Mead were found in a dumpster near a Wal-Mart in Okmulgee. Densmore was arrested Feb. 15 just west of Tulsa on suspicion of violating a custody agreement. A charge of first-degree murder was later added as part of the investigation. At that time, authorities said a portion of Mead's body could be in a purple suitcase left along the route. Anyone with information related to the case is asked to call the Boulder, Colo., Police Department at (303) 441-1974 or the Northern Colorado Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Police: 57-year-old man arrested after steali... Troopers: Teenage lovers texted about suicide... 18-year-old arrested in shooting death at Ark... Fake Facebook campaign photo of judge and 'Th... Authorities searching Arkansas landfill for e... Renovated gorilla exhibit opens 1 year after ... Burning bystander seen on video being kicked ... $1,000 in food, cigarettes, jewelry stolen fr... Man found with gun stolen from Arkansas polic... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Authorities searching Arkansas landfill for evidence in 25-year-old's killing To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 2 of 2 total comments YoungHog says... June 8, 2017 at 5 p.m. Can somebody wake Titleist one sided ass up.. ( permalink | suggest removal ) LR1955 says... June 8, 2017 at 5:03 p.m. Neuter him with sulfuric acid. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented ALL UPDATES: Comey testifies about president; Trump's attorney responds (47 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: The big game begins (22 comments) Arkansas man gets 15 years in death of woman who was set on fire (12 comments) Spy chief said to get request to sway FBI (41 comments) U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton questions Comey on Trump, Russia (5 comments) 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (57 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home About Advertise Contact Giving to NCR Give Now Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Printable Forms Subscribe Account Give Now National Catholic Reporter The Independent News Source Search Search Menu Menu Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Search form Search NCR Webathon 2017 Reader insights Farmworker allies advocate for rights at Wendy's shareholder meeting More than 60 allies protested outside of Wendy's headquarters in the Columbus, Ohio, suburb of Dublin, where the shareholder meeting took place May 23. (Courtesy of Alliance for Fair Food) Twenty-seven allies of the Coalition of Immokalee Workers attended Wendy's annual shareholder meeting to show support for human rights issues concerning farmworkers. (Courtesy of Alliance for Fair Food) Shireen Korkzan  |  Jun. 8, 2017 PrintemailPDF Twenty-seven allies of the Coalition of Immokalee Workers attended Wendy's annual shareholder meeting to show support for human rights issues concerning farmworkers. The allies consisted of religious leaders, farmworkers and students, several of whom addressed their concerns to a room full of the fast-food chain's corporate workers, including president and CEO Todd Penegor. More than 60 allies protested outside of Wendy's headquarters in the Columbus, Ohio, suburb of Dublin, where the shareholder meeting took place May 23. The Coalition of Immokalee Workers, a worker-based human rights organization headquartered in Florida, accuses Wendy's of endorsing slave-labor conditions and abuse among farmworkers because the fast-food chain imports its tomatoes from Mexico, a country known for its unethical treatment of farmworkers. Formerly, Wendy's bought tomatoes from Florida during colder months but has been getting them from Mexico over the past few years. Related: Hunger strikes protesting Wendy's snowball across college campuses (April 21, 2017) Though Sr. Karen Bernhardt of the Villa Maria, Pennsylvania-based Sisters of the Humility of Mary has been working with farmworkers for more than 20 years, speaking for them at a corporate shareholders meeting was a new experience for here. "NCR enables me to strengthen and deepen my faith. I love it because it’s so inclusive." -NCR Reader Margaret Polanski She told NCR she believes supporting farmworkers and protesting human rights injustices, is a major component of Catholic social teaching. Wendy's corporate workers "were respectful, but made it was very clear they have their own way of doing a code of conduct. But they wouldn't be transparent," she said. In addition to importing its tomatoes from Mexico, Wendy's has yet to join the coalition's worker-driven Fair Food Program, a partnership among farmers, farmworkers and food companies that ensures livable wages and humane conditions for produce pickers. Fourteen major food retailers are members of the program, including Aramark, Yum! Brands, Walmart, McDonald's and Subway. Rick Ufford-Chase, former moderator of the Presbyterian Church (USA), spoke at the meeting on behalf of the 1.5-million member Protestant denomination. "I think it's critical for all people of conscience, Christian or otherwise, to be involved in this movement," Ufford-Chase said. "We have an obligation to demand the best behavior from the organizations that we support. What mystifies me is that Wendy's thinks it can possibly benefit from standing against an industry standard that 14 of their competitors have signed on to and become a part of." According to Ufford-Chase, the Presbyterian Church (USA) joined the national boycott against Wendy's in 2016. "The irony is I like Wendy's a lot. It's been my favorite fast-food [restaurant]," Ufford-Chase said. He told NCR he would start eating at Wendy's again when it joins the Fair Food Program. Bernhardt also said she would eat at Wendy's again if it joined the program. After the shareholder meeting ended, all 27 coalition allies quietly walked out of the room holding up signs that said "Boycott Wendy's" in the company's logo's image. "It was very powerful," Bernhardt said. [Shireen Korkzan is an NCR Bertelsen intern. Her email address is skorkzan@ncronline.org.] Immokalee Workers Rick Ufford-Chase Coalition of Immokalee Workers Farmworker Wendy's Support independent reporting on important issues.   Advertisement Print email PDF Show comments National Catholic Reporter uses Civil Comments. Please keep your comments on-topic, focus on the issue and avoid personal insults, harassment and abuse. Read the user guide.   Search form Search NCR Email Alerts Sign up to get NCR updates by email. Existing users: change your preferences here. Enter your email address in the box below and click “Go.” NCR on Facebook NCR on Twitter NCR on YouTube NCR on Instagram NCR Email Alerts NCR RSS feed   In This Issue June 2-15, 2017 Read select articles from our print issue Special Section [Print Only]: Mission & Ministry 1 SUBSCRIBE! Latest Posts Pope Francis, like Trump, is reluctant to condemn Russia on Syria and Ukraine by Thomas Reese Faith and Justice World ignores warming, pollution of oceans at own peril, say speakers by Beth Griffin, Catholic News Service Eco Catholic Catholic theologians to explore ecology at annual meeting by Heidi Schlumpf NCR Today Does Hillary Clinton still have a role to play? by Pat Perriello NCR Today What would we do without NCR? by Jamie Manson NCR Today Morning Briefing, International by Joshua J. McElwee NCR Today St. Pius X musical brings parishioners together by Kelsie Stelting NCR Today Maybe it's time to reconsider calling priests 'Father' by Bill Tammeus A small c catholic With Trump, we are not in a 'pro-life moment' by Michael Sean Winters Distinctly Catholic Francis, the comic strip by Pat Marrin The Francis Chronicles More posts >   Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Contact Address and Phone Customer Service Company Directory Website Help About NCR Mission Job Opportunities Submission Guidelines Web User Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise NCR Media Kit Online Advertising Email Advertising Donate Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Subscribe Subscribe to NCR Give NCR as a Gift Renew Kindle edition Store National Catholic Reporter publications: NCRonline.org | CelebrationPublications.org | GlobalSistersReport.org Copyright © The National Catholic Reporter Publishing Company | 115 E. Armour Blvd., Kansas City, MO 64111 | 1-800-444-8910
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 250% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 250% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Blue Apron Becomes the Latest Unicorn to Pursue an IPO In its last private funding round, Blue Apron reached a valuation of over $2 billion. Now, the company has its sights set on the public market. I dig into the IPO filing to break down the financials and business model for investors. Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Jun 8, 2017 at 1:05PM Meal kit delivery company Blue Apron is making headlines after filing for an initial public offering. In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Motley Fool analyst Vincent Shen and senior Fool.com contributor Asit Sharma do a deep dive on the multi-billion dollar unicorn start-up. Find out what investors should know before thinking about buying shares, including the business model, important metrics, financial performance, and competitive landscape. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on June 6, 2017. Vincent Shen: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen, and it's Tuesday, June 6th. Super excited to talk about a hot new IPO that was filed last week. It's not too often that we get unicorns in the consumer and retail space going public. A unicorn, of course, is the amusing title given to private start-ups with valuations of $1 billion or more. Dylan over in the tech world usually gets to claim these unicorn IPOs but not today, thanks to Blue Apron. Joining me via Skype to share his thoughts on the company is senior Fool.com contributor Asit Sharma. Asit, thank you for joining us. Did you ever subscribe to one of these meal delivery services before? Asit Sharma: I haven't, Vince. I consider myself something of a foodie, so I have my hands full with going and getting my own ingredients and constantly experimenting. But I'm very interested in the model. I've followed Blue Apron and some of its competitors, so I'm quite familiar with the service, and excited to talk about it today. How about you? Have you tried one of these services yet? Shen: Yeah, I've tried a few of them. I generally really like the clear, clear instructions, how everything is portioned out for me. I think that's the magic behind this, where you get everything in the box. I'll explain more to listeners, but as a preview of our discussion, Asit and I will first cover a little bit of the history of the company and its management team before we move on to the business model, some of the financials, and the bigger-picture context for investors, such as risks for the company, what the competitive landscape looks like, also the size of the market depending on how much time we have left. If you're unfamiliar with what Blue Apron is, it's a meal delivery service. What that means is, you sign up with a company by choosing one of its two meal plans. One is catered for two people with about three meals per week at a cost of approximately $60. The other is catered for a family of four with either two or four meals per week, which will come in at $70 or $140. So once you've signed up with one of these meal plans, you receive your meals in a refrigerated box, and all the key ingredients for these various recipes are prepackaged, portioned out, and there's detailed instructions on how you prepare your food. It could include some pretty interesting dishes like tomato saffron risotto or summer squash enchiladas. All in all, it's a simple but compelling business model and I'm kind of surprised that no one has tried to pursue previously. Asit, before we get too hungry here, can you give us a quick overview of how the company got its start? Sharma: Sure. The company was started a few years ago in 2012 when its founders were trying to cook at home with their families. Per the overview provided in the S-1, it has a really good description of how the company launched, they found the grocery shopping and menu planning tiresome. To me, that's actually the fun part of putting a meal together. But when you're pressed for time, you can see how for anyone, that can take the joy out of the meal. So the founders had the first delivery in 2012 to the box with three recipes -- seared hanger steak, barbecue Cornish game hen, and lemongrass shrimp with soba noodles. That sounds so good, just from that first meal I can see why the company has succeeded so wildly. And to your point about your own consumption, Vince, the focus was on pre-proportioned ingredients. The company established a template for further meals. Since then, they have scaled the business, working with small farmers, building a supply chain, putting in technology which helps them manage inventory. According to their filings for their public offerings, which is upcoming from inception through March 31st, 2017, that's the end of their most recent quarter, they delivered over 159 million meals to households. They claimed that represents approximately 25 million paid orders. That's basically, in a nutshell, how the company started and built up its business. Shen: I'll add that the three co-founders -- Matthew Salzberg, Ilia Papas, and Matthew Wadiak -- now make up a pretty decent portion of the executive suite of this company. In that order, the CEO, the CTO, and the COO. As early as 2015, there was private venture funding for this company. It placed the valuation for Blue Apron at about $2 billion. With the growth that the company has seen in the past two years since then, IPO valuation should place it far higher since revenue has just about doubled since then. Asit, you and I dug into the S-1 filing. It's a very early rough draft for the prospectus, but we have some information here on company financials and other details shared about the business. The first thing I want to touch on is, how has some of this impressive growth that you mentioned, about 160 million meals delivered since inception, their run rate back in late 2014 was about a million meals per month and they're now at 8 million meals per month, how has that growth panned out in terms of the top line? Sharma: Growth has been very interesting, amazing, actually. I was looking at their revenue figures. 2014 to 2015, the company did about $341 million in revenue, and that was a 338% year over year gain. Accompanying that, it had a loss of $46.9 million. Listeners who are experienced in investing in growth companies have seen this narrative before -- a fast-growing company that's more focused on grabbing market share than anything else. From 2015 to 2016, the company did almost $800 million in business. Growth slowed to a paltry 133% year over year. Interestingly, that year, 2015 to 2016, the company lost $55 million. Now remember, I said on basically half the revenue of the year before, it lost about $47 million. So, within that year, the company was able to put systems into place to lower its cost of goods sold. As I said earlier, they work with a number of small farmers and are building out a supply chain which is very technologically advanced, trying to build a framework to fend off future entrants into this space. In their most recent quarter, which again, is from January 1st to March 31st, the company grew 44% year over year, versus that first quarter in 2016. And turned a small profit of $3 million. So, you can see the trend lines. Growth is exceedingly rapid, but the company is learning as it evolves how to make money with the service. Not a lot. Just now, we see them on pace to do maybe $1 billion of business this year, may still end up with a slight loss. But maybe what differentiates this company from other growth companies you'll see is, they're on path to profitability. That's very interesting, to keep your eye on as a potential investor, seeing its S-1 statement, they may make money and be profitable in the next two or three years. Shen: Thanks, Asit. I will add that 99% of this company's revenue is generated from this meal delivery business, but the company has expanded into some other complementary areas, including a wine service, and also some kitchen tools and accessories that are sold through their e-commerce platform. So obviously it's clear, the 338% growth and 133% growth in 2016, really a lot of progress for Blue Apron as they scale up this business. The company says outright that there's some seasonality that they face. The first part of the year is generally their strongest for engagement, but then as the summer season creeps in and the holiday months come about, their customers see more irregular schedules and thus often reduce order activity. Let's turn to the bottom line, and some of their expenses. In this kind of business, it seems that their increased scale should be a major tailwind for the company. But, how is their actual profitability, not just in terms of some of the numbers you mentioned, but, what are some of the main things they're looking at in terms of their cost structure? Sharma: The cost structure depends on efficiency with handling materials. You can think about this company, they're in the business of moving raw materials. And some of these are truly raw. Vince, you've used this service. There's raw vegetables. But, at the same time, Blue Apron ships proteins. It's refrigerated. So they have tacked on some additional costs in basically forming a product which hasn't been on the market before. You can get a complete meal, cook it from scratch with the ingredients in the box, and don't have to supply your own proteins. There have been versions of this type of service before but not so comprehensive. I think Blue Apron is a pioneer along with these smaller competitors at completing the whole system. The cost that it looks at, the product cost that it has to move, it also has third party delivery costs, which hit its bottom line. It has to have the meals delivered. Now, on the revenue side, it's a subscription-based service. This means that you subscribe for a certain number of meals, and like any other company, many of our listeners invest in tech companies, you have to worry about your subscriber churn. You are familiar with this model if you invested in companies which rely on subscription. Intuit is a great one with QuickBooks Online. They always have to worry about adding new customers and keeping existing customers from leaving. So far, they seem to be doing a pretty decent job with reducing churn. But I will say, in the S-1, one thing that stood out to me is that Blue Apron actually measures its active customers by people who have ordered with them at any time in the past. If you have ordered from Blue Apron, let's say two years ago, and then order again today, you are considered an active customer, whereas in the tech industry, which is one of the only things we have to compare this to, usually people have to have a couple transactions in a single year. So this might affect the visibility of those churn numbers. But to wrap this up, in terms of their bottom line, their cost of goods sold, which is basically, they exclude some non-cash items like depreciation and amortization, they were able to decrease that from 93% in 2014 when the company was first getting off the ground to 67% last year. That's why, I was talking earlier about the profitability, you saw some profit in the first quarter, they're getting better at handling their basic materials.  Shen: Thanks, Asit. A few other things that I want to touch on that you mentioned is this idea for a subscription model, how important it is to consistently grow your customer base. I think that bears out in terms of their marketing expense. That's a very significant line item for the company. They're burning through quite a bit of money in both acquiring and retaining their customers, like many start-ups. So the company is going to put its pedal to the metal to drive that high growth, help boost its valuation as well. Just to give you an idea of what we're looking at here, the marketing expenses in 2016 were about $144 million. That's about 18% of revenue for that year. And if you look at the most recent quarter, the first quarter of 2017, that was up to 25% of revenue for the first quarter. So actually going up as a percentage of the top line. And management has noted that because this first quarter is the period of highest customer engagement, they expect marketing expenses to decline throughout the rest of the year.  But even if you take the marketing spend from the first quarter of 2015 and 2016, it's about 17% of the annual total spend, and you apply that to 2017 for an annual run rate, we're looking at almost $360 million for the full year, which is massive. I think with the company marketing through not only online and traditional media, they also have its referral program, where basically, existing members spread the word on Blue Apron, introduce new users with a free meal to try and hook them into the system. Referrals also account for over 30% of their new customer acquisitions. But what it comes down to is, if you take their marketing spend, divide that by the number of customer acquisitions that they saw, Blue Apron is spending about $94 acquiring each customer. The way that has trended upwards for the first quarter, we also saw that in terms of cost of goods sold that you mentioned, Asit, gross margin has definitely expanded significantly. But we saw a little bit of a reversal for the first quarter. And another big line item for them is their product, technology, general, and administrative expenses were up from about 21% of revenue in 2016 to over 25% of the top line for the most recent period. I think that's from the company ramping up the investments they make in the infrastructure to support its very rapid expansion. We usually hope to see these young companies get closer to profitability as they grow more mature. It seems like Blue Apron is taking the steps toward that. But at the same time, some of these expenses are blowing up for them in their first quarter, their busiest quarter.  There are some red flags there for me. Beyond some of the line items that we covered so far, you also brought up the repeat customers, and how they count those based on if they've ever placed an order in the past. Some other metrics that the company looks at that were interesting, they also have their average order value. In the first quarter of 2016, the average order value was at $59.28. That's declined slightly for the most recent period to $57.23. Another bit of a red flag is also, their orders per customer went from 4.5 in that prior-year period to 4.1 for this period, and the average revenue per customer going from $265 to $236. So I guess I'm seeing a lot of numbers here, despite the growth that they're enjoying, trending in the wrong direction.  But when it comes down to it, I think there are a lot of other bigger picture things to like about this kind of business. I want to cover some things that we're bullish on. Blue Apron is the biggest name in the meal delivery world. I think it's curated a pretty compelling brand and image. That comes through in certain qualitative ways such as, you see the way that customers interact and share their cooking experiences on social media, but also in quantitative ways in that 90% of the revenue is coming from repeat orders. That seems to be a strong indicator of a sticky product, and bodes well if it can continue to expand its customer base. The power of some of the additional growth it hopes to see, the company will also be expanding the number of plan options it offers, not only how many meals customers can receive per week but also the number of recipes available to choose from, which could increase its appeal to more people. Asit, what else do you like, in general, about this kind of business or this industry, or some of the financials? Sharma: I love that the product itself appeals to millennials, who have shown a disinclination to eat in casual restaurants. That industry is getting burned up by millennials' preference to stay at home and cook. So there's a market there. I think almost 40% of Blue Apron's customers right now can be classified as millennials. So they have a strong base that loves to learn. And Blue Apron sees itself as a company that learns with its customers. They have a new menu every week. They solicit feedback from customers and they try to keep it interesting to keep that space engaged, as we said. What I like about their balance sheet is that, really, management has been very savvy in funding this company, keeping it going as they reach this stage where they can go public and get public investment. I will add another red flag onto some of the nice ones that you listed, Vince. If you read the proceeds section, so how are they going to use these funds, basically the company has a working capital deficit of about $84 million. That means they don't have enough of their current assets on hands to fund obligations that are coming up. So they're going to use most of the proceeds to fund that. They also have a revolving credit line, which, even after the period that they were reported on in the first set of financials within their statement, there's always a section called subsequent events, they've tapped their credit lines. The credit line now that they have, they've used $125 million out of $175 million. I've seen different figures for how much will be raised in this IPO. But pretty much, the company is saying, "We're going to use almost all of our proceeds to pump cash in, because we're sort of underwater on a current basis, and then we're going to pay off on this revolving line." There's not much else that the proceeds will be used for, so if you're thinking, "I'm going to buy shares and they're going to use my funds and other people's funds for more of this product innovation, marketing, which Vince talked about," that won't happen in this offering.  One more red flag to put in there -- the company, as I said, good side, smart management has raised a lot to fund the company. The bad side, if you're an incoming investor, they tend to like convertible preferred stock and convertible promissory notes. So there's about $260 million on the balance sheet, $63 million of that which doesn't show up, again, until a subsequent event, just happened last month in raising money which can later be converted into shares. That will dilute this first tranche of investors coming in on the IPO. Bottom line is, if you're thinking of buying into Blue Apron, just know that they are probably going to follow this up with another offering. Typical time frame is one to three years. They'll go to the markets again, and you'll get diluted.  But there's some appreciation potential in here as well. They're a market leader. As Vince said, there's a lot to like. If you have some risk tolerance, you can take an investment now and hold on, and you may be compensated for that risk of dilution by an appreciating stock. They do have a competitive advantage right now. Competition, I'll let Vince talk a little bit about that, isn't so fierce. But I do worry about a larger competitor like an Amazon eventually coming in. Do we have any more time, Vince, to talk about their competition? Shen: Yeah, I think that's a good segue. In my view, this is really not a market with high barriers to entry. If you can just look at the story of how Blue Apron was founded, three guys, New York City apartments, putting together these meal kits themselves. It's not too surprising, then, that there are about a dozen or more other start-ups that are competing with the company. Some of the direct competitors include companies like Plated, Home Chef, Green Chef, HelloFresh. And then some of their competitors are specializing on certain niche customers, or changing the model. You have Purple Carrot, which is all plant-based recipes for vegetarians, there's Chef'd, which has no subscription required, unlike Blue Apron, you just order the recipes you like. But I think, actually, the biggest threat beyond these direct competitors is, it wouldn't take that much for bigger companies that are already currently setting up their capabilities for grocery delivery or already have it in place to expand their service offerings to something that competes directly with Blue Apron. A lot of grocery chains are actually stocking meal kits, so you can purchase them in the store. The question becomes, what can stop a Walmart from putting these kits on their shelves, and also making them available for the curbside pickup service. Then, Amazon is another example where they partnered with Tyson Foods last fall to sell Tyson Tastemakers meal kits. They offer those online. They also offer their Martha Stewart meal kits as well. So it's quite easy, the idea to include these in your weekly AmazonFresh order, along with the rest of your shopping list. So what you mentioned in terms of some of the bigger competitors posing a more significant threat, I definitely agree there. But another issue that comes through in terms of challenges that this company faces also comes with their pricing power. I looked over many of the competing services. Blue Apron charges about $10 per meal, similar to most of its competition. If it raises its prices, some of the stickiness that you would hope from people having a good relationship and ties to the brand. But customers can ultimately look elsewhere for similar services. There are plenty of promotions and free meals to try out there considering the marketing budgets that are being employed in this industry. That means, again, it comes back to our point, the idea that growth can really only come with more customers. I question a little bit how mainstream meal kits will actually become, because we've seen with even giant retailers like Walmart and Amazon, they struggle to build up their standard grocery delivery businesses. So whether these meal kit delivery services will reach a certain scale that we'd like to see is not so certain. But I'd like to close out with any final takeaway thoughts from you, Asit, for this IPO, and what maybe investors can expect, or any other thoughts you might have. Sharma: I think that Blue Aprons is an extremely interesting company. My thought is that investors should watch rather than leap into this IPO and have a few quarters pass, examine the financials, look at the stats that Vince was talking about earlier, the customer retention rates, customer additions, it'll be very prominent and easy to read in those quarterly reports. Really wait this one out. There's so much in terms of competition, and even within its own subscriber base. I'll end with a quote which actually shows you the flip side of this. This is from a writer from The Atlantic whom I follow on Twitter who writes often about food and health, Olga Khazan. She said, "The most dystopian thing about Blue Apron is that you're eating the same exact meal on the same night as thousands of other people." So this is a very interesting risk for the company -- 40% of customers are millennials. What happens when they wake up and figure out that they've learned how to cook through this great service, and they're ready to move on? So that's why I say proceed with caution. But it is an interesting company with a lot of potential. Right now, it's dominating the market. I'm not trying to diss it or persuade someone not to invest. I think, just take some time. You won't miss out too much on a few quarters of observation. Shen: Thanks, Asit. I, too, will take a much more cautious tone. I think this company kind of reminds me of Fitbit, frankly. You have an early mover with a compelling product, a growing industry or category, and a very strong brand, but there's also lots of competition, few barriers to entry, and I think the financials are pretty challenging, as we've seen with the massive marketing spend to acquire and retain new customers, various metrics trending the wrong way that we've talked about. So with this initial filing, the IPO will not occur for another six months or more, so you won't be able to get your hands on Blue Apron stock for some time, assuming that we haven't scared you off of it at this point. But when the deal happens, we'll be sure to revisit with any updates. On a final note, the stock is expected to trade under the ticker APRN. Thanks, Asit, for the fun discussion, and thanks to everyone for tuning in. You can reach out to us and the rest of the Industry Focus crew via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send any questions to industryfocus@fool.com. Don't forget to check out the other podcasts at podcasts.fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Asit Sharma has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Fitbit, Intuit, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Midnight oil burners, unite! A CPA and CMA with a deep interest in business strategy, I also hold a Master's degree in English Literature from NYU. When I'm not thinking finance, I'm often reading: novels, poetry, and recently, the Panama Papers. You can find me on twitter here: Follow @asitmap Article Info Jun 8, 2017 at 1:05PM Consumer Goods Read More Why Craft Brew Alliance, Inc. Stock Jumped 22.8% in May 1 Television Network Bucking the Cord-Cutting Trend 3 Hot Stocks to Buy in June 4 Companies That Could Eat Under Armour's Lunch Why Wayfair Inc. Stock Popped 37.7% in May Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Blue Apron Becomes the Latest Unicorn to Pursue an IPO @themotleyfool #stocks
Skip to main content Login Subscribe Connect News News Container One This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink News Container Two Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards Awards Container One All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Awards Container Two Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras Extras Container One All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food Economy Extras Container Two Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Container One Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Blog Opinion Container Zero Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Blog Opinion Container One Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic Issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Blog Opinion Container Two . Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events Events Container One All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multemedia Container One Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Login Subscribe Connect Top Stories × Top Stories × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather Forecast for Detroit Change Current Conditions 65 Friday 75/62 F Clouds Saturday 82/64 F Clouds Sunday 83/74 F Clear Monday 85/76 F Clear Tuesday 85/79 F Rain June 08, 2017 10:25 am      Updated 12 hours ago Martha Stewart, CNBC's Marcus Lemonis to speak at Alibaba event in Detroit By DUSTIN WALSH           Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Comments Email Printer-friendly version Events Trade Services Food & beverage More + Martha Stewart (left) and Marcus Lemonis will speak at the Alibaba event June 20-21 at Cobo Center in Detroit. China's largest e-commerce company, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., tapped Martha Stewart and CNBC's Marcus Lemonis as speakers for its upcoming procurement event in Detroit. The Gateway '17 event June 20-21 at Cobo Center in Detroit is driven by Alibaba's need to expand internationally and provide Chinese consumers with high-quality products prevalent in this region. Stewart and Lemonis, host of CNBC's primetime show "The Profit," are joined by Jack Ma, founder and chairman of Alibaba, who will keynote the event in a fireside chat with PBS News' Charlie Rose. David Abney, CEO of UPS, is another confirmed speaker. Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan and Michigan Lt. Gov. Brian Calley will also speak at the event. The event, which is procurement focused, is designed to teach Michigan companies the value of Alibaba's services, which are similar to Amazon, and to create a new market for the region's businesses. The event is designed for small- and medium-sized companies in the fields of agriculture, fashion and apparel, mother and baby products, electronics, cosmetics, personal care goods and health products. The import of food products is important to China's growing middle class, Ma said in a conference call with reporters last month. "The American Midwest is the center, where there are so many great companies and agricultural products," Ma said. "China needs great food and food products. We badly need good food, but with the pollution we cannot produce that many food products in China." Michigan farmers and food producers are no stranger to exporting to China, though. Agriculture is the state's second largest export industry to China behind automotive. Exports include soybeans, feed grain, dairy and vegetables. Michigan exported $3.2 billion in products to China in 2016, making it the state's third-largest export partner behind only Mexico and Canada. Information sessions at the two-day event will include education on the Chinese consumer and Alibaba's online marketplaces. Several Michigan companies already use Alibaba's websites, including Kellogg Co. and Whirlpool Corp., but Ma hopes the event will open the Chinese market to small companies. "For the past 18 years, we've always been focused on small business," Ma said. "And I'm a believer it's the main driver in creating jobs. We can help small businesses globalize their market." In China, about 10 million small businesses use Alibaba's services, selling nearly $550 billion last year, Ma said. The event in Detroit is the first step in Ma's plan to create at least 1 million jobs in the U.S. by opening up the Chinese market. Founded in Hangzhou, China, in 1999, Alibaba has grown into one of China's largest companies, with a market capitalization of nearly $284 billion — more than Wal-Mart Stores Inc. at $227 billion, but less than competitor Amazon Inc. at $433 billion. Alibaba's 2014 initial public offering raised $25 billion on the New York Stock Exchange and introduced Alibaba to western investors, though the company remains mostly unknown to U.S. shoppers despite its more than 450 million customers in more than 200 countries. Yet U.S. tech companies are aware of Alibaba's presence. Jerry Wang, a co-founder of Yahoo Inc., serves on Alibaba's board and Yahoo has a $40 billion stake in the company, Fortune reported in March. Earlier this year, Ma wrote in a Wall Street Journal op-ed that Alibaba would enroll 1 million U.S. small businesses to its various e-commerce platforms, primarily on its Taobao and Tmall websites. In January, Ant Financial Services Group, the payment affiliate of Alibaba, announced it would buy Dallas-based money-transfer company MoneyGram International Inc. for about $880 million. China and Michigan have had a lucrative business connection for decades. Major Michigan companies already operate in China, such as Ford Motor Co., General Motors Co., Dow Chemical Co., Whirlpool Corp., BorgWarner Inc., Key Safety Systems Inc., among others. China's Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp., Aviation Industry Corp. of China, Fuyao Auto Glass, Wanxiang Group and others own several Michigan auto companies. MICHIGAN MORNING NEWSLETTER Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report This Week's Issue June 05, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Twitter Facebook Linkedin Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Security dominates UK vote, but Brexit looms - 01:53 Upside surprise from euro zone, China, Germany - 01:41 No respite for Qatari assets after S&P downgrade - 01:44 Wall Street gains on Comey relief - 01:06 Qatar row leaves businesses uncertain about deals - 01:39 UK election: markets bet on May to carry the day - 01:53 Australia equals world record for economic growth - 01:46 Oil slides on rising stockpiles - 01:08 Goldman tops list in deposit rates - 01:25 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier - 01:13 Navistar swings to a loss - 01:03 Amazon.com lends merchants $1 billion Thursday, June 08, 2017 - 01:13 The online retailing giant has stepped up its lending to third-party sellers so they can expand inventory or discount items on its site. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Amazon.com is acting more like a bank. The online retailer has stepped up lending to third-party sellers, doling out more than $1 billion in small loans in the past 12 months. That's a hefty increase from the $1.5 billion it lent out over four years. The company benefits in several ways. The money helps merchants expand their inventory or discount items on Amazon's site. Plus, Amazon takes a cut on transactions on its site, and it also makes money from charging merchants for fulfilling orders and boosting placement in search results. Rivals Wal-Mart and eBay are also growing their marketplace businesses. But loans may help keep sellers loyal to Amazon. Morningstar analyst R.J. Hottovy said, "This has really helped solidify the marketplace for the last couple of years. Selection is key. The third party business has grown quite a bit. You wouldn't have hit that point without lending to small businesses." Small firms had a hard time getting financing from banks after the 2008 financial crisis. Today, more than 20,000 small business have received loans from Amazon, whose loan program is by invitation only. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2rFaARX <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371840512" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Amazon.com lends merchants $1 billion Thursday, June 08, 2017 - 01:13 Top News » PM should consider position after 'dreadful'... 11:22am IST - (0:52) Putin says Kremlin critic Senator McCain... 4:26am IST - (2:04) Exit polls point to UK deadlock, PM May's... 8:05am IST - (2:10) France jabs Trump by wooing climate scientists 12:43am IST - (2:02) Phil Collins postpones Royal Albert Hall shows... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:18) U.S. intelligence contractor pleads not guilty... 7:44am IST - (0:50) VERBATIM: Sen. Warner: 'There's a lot to... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:54) Breakingviews TV: Stocks vs. bonds Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (4:04) Footage shows police shooting London attackers... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:50) Iran bats away Trump's 'repugnant' condolences Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:43) Comey says Trump asked him to drop part of... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (2:21) Security dominates election campaign as UK... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:49) Rough Cuts » PM should consider position after 'dreadful'... 11:22am IST - (0:52) Trump's personal lawyer blasts Comey for leaks 1:04am IST - (1:22) Trump's personal lawyer says Comey testimony... 12:32am IST - (1:21) Trump, as Comey takes spotlight, vows to stay... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:21) "Lordy, I hope there are tapes": Comey Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (2:25) Ryan's defense for Trump: 'He's new at this' Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (0:52) Comey's take on Trump dinner and his memos Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (3:09) Comey says confused by shifting explanations... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (3:08) Comey arrives to testify before Senate Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:02) Comey leaves his home to testify before Senate Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (0:50) Cosby accuser, attending the trial, describes... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:45) Salma Hayek strips down for her new role Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (2:34) Technology » Colouring book comes to life as AR gets... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:56) Interactive instrument uses music for child... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:57) Brooklyn farming startup aims to feed an urban... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:59) Artificial 'blowhole' turning tide on wave... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:38) Turning car windows into video displays Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:22) Apple gets serious about Siri Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (2:10) Apple gets serious about Siri Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (2:16) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part One Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (10:12) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part Two Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (7:07) FUTUREPROOF Episode Three, Part Three Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (8:44) 'Last African dinosaur' discovered in Moroccan... Mon, 05 Jun, 2017 - (1:37) 'Mom and pop' investors drive Bitcoin surge in... Sat, 03 Jun, 2017 - (1:10) Oddly Enough » Three U.S. women attempt to paddle board from... 4:06am IST - (1:05) Japan's aquarium boasts largest collection of... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:11) Mexican bartenders eye world record with... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:17) Madrid gears up for WorldPride with gay-themed... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:20) New York City convenience store bemuses... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:35) Piano players play Bach prelude on 60 pianos Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:26) From fear of water to gold, Bosnian armless... Wed, 31 May, 2017 - (1:25) A startup that's turning bread into beer Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:36) Lima celebrates Peruvian Clown Day Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:34) Stone-lifting strongmen compete in Bavaria Sat, 27 May, 2017 - (1:12) Pastry chef paints cookies in Trump's likeness Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (2:04) Hopes rise for safe birth by Japan's probably... Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (0:52) Entertainment » Phil Collins postpones Royal Albert Hall shows... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:18) Rachel Weisz premieres "My Cousin Rachel" Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (1:40) The cast and crew of 'Stranger Things' talk... Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (2:20) Salma Hayek strips down for her new role Thu, 08 Jun, 2017 - (2:34) Prince Harry tours Sydney to promote 2018... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:14) Tom Cruise mingles with fans at the New York... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (1:39) George Clooney and lawyer wife Amal welcome... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (0:53) Divided Britain: Brexit art show opens in time... Wed, 07 Jun, 2017 - (2:15) Hollywood legend Sam Elliott attends 'The... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:24) Jerry Lewis hospitalised in Las Vegas with... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (0:56) Street artist Banksy's election offer... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:30) Stars of fashion and film attend annual CFDA... Tue, 06 Jun, 2017 - (1:25) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Bill to crack down on lobster cheaters heads for final approval More Headlines Comey’s testimony could set new course for congressional committees Dover-Foxcroft man pleads guilty to possessing child pornography More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Local roundup: Winthrop baseball beats St. Dominic in extras More Headlines Top-seeded Gardiner softball falls to Ellsworth Carrabec softball falls to Lisbon in C South quarterfinals More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: Legislature should not forget Mainers who passed ranked-choice voting More Headlines Today’s editorial cartoon View from Away: On appointments, Trump is his own obstructionist More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Messalonskee students take part in Atlantic salmon release More Headlines High School Graduates 5K walk/run events More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times through June 15 More Headlines ‘Dungeons and Dragons: Seafaring Traditions of Early Tattoo Art’ on view Opening Reception: ‘Rebirth’ opening set for June 9 More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate How to get great pressure-washing results More Headlines 6 Kennison St., Manchester ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   Cops & Courts Posted Yesterday at 12:12 PM Updated June 8 increase font size Morning Sentinel June 8 police log Waterville area police reports for Thursday, June 8, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN AVON, Wednesday at 8:28 p.m., vandalism was reported on Mt. Blue Pond Road. IN CHINA, Wednesday at 8:41 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Lakeview Drive. IN FAIRFIELD, Wednesday at 5:45 p.m., theft was reported on High Street. 9:40 p.m., an assault was reported on Main Street. 10:55 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. Thursday at 12:52 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on High Street. 8:40 a.m., fraud was reported on Martin Stream Road. IN FARMINGTON, Wednesday at 12:51 a.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Sawtelle Lane. 10:19 a.m., theft was reported on Wilton Road. 8:17 p.m., theft was reported on Fairbanks Road. IN INDUSTRY, Wednesday at 6:10 p.m., theft was reported on Taylor Road. IN MOUNT VERNON, Wednesday at 7:35 p.m., a structure fire was reported on Hannahs Way. IN NEW SHARON, Wednesday at 8:15 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Lane Road. 12:54 p.m., a brush fire was reported on Farmington Falls Road. IN PITTSFIELD, Wednesday at 11:44 a.m., trees were reported down on Peltoma Avenue. IN SKOWHEGAN, Wednesday at 12:07 p.m., an assault was reported on Beech Street. 12:58 p.m., a disturbance was reported on West Front Street. 4:22 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Island Avenue. 5:13 p.m., theft was reported on Fairview Avenue. 9:06 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Hilton Hill Road. 11:20 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pine Street. IN WATERVILLE, Wednesday at 8:26 a.m., harassment was reported on Dennis Court. 8:32 a.m., theft was reported on Quarry Road. 9:03 a.m., an unwanted person was reported on Kennedy Memorial Drive. 9:04 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Kennedy Memorial Drive. 10:20 a.m., theft was reported on Front Street. 10:29 a.m., theft was reported on Summer Street. 2:23 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Elm Street. 3:36 p.m., threatening was reported in The Concourse. 3:59 p.m., an assault was reported in the parking lot at Walmart in Waterville Commons. 4:45 p.m., theft was reported on Redington Street. 4:48 p.m., a robbery was reported at Yard Goods in The Concourse. 5:27 p.m., fraud was reported on Mulberry Lane. 5:38 p.m., a report of a disturbance led to an arrest on Summer Street. 11:29 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pleasant Street. 11:49 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Summer Street. Thursday at 12:24 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pleasant Street. 1:03 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Ash Street. 2:35 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Sanger Avenue. 2:45 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Edgemont Avenue. IN WILTON, Wednesday at 7:37 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Village View Street. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Wednesday at 9:05 p.m., Timothy Osmond Cook, 54, of Dallas Plantation, was arrested on charges of violating conditions of release and a protection from abuse order. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Wednesday at 5:42 p.m., Candida Camilla DePhilippo, 26, of Brewer, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. 9:50 p.m., Jason Michael Sears, 34, of Skowhegan, was arrested on a charge of aggravated assault. Thursday at 12:49 a.m., Danielle Lynn Bess, 33, of Madison, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. IN WATERVILLE, Wednesday at 6:31 p.m., Jacob Isaac Paradis, 31, of Waterville, was arrested on charges of domestic violence assault, with prior offenses, and obstructing the report of a crime. Thursday at 12:40 a.m., Avery A. Armstrong, 28, of Waterville, was arrested on a warrant. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up by entering your email address below. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News High School Sports * I understand the Terms of Service. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Bill to crack down on lobster cheaters heads for final approval Comey’s testimony could set new course for congressional committees Dover-Foxcroft man pleads guilty to possessing child pornography Augusta to remove Mayfair sidewalk residents blame for flooding, drainage problems Local roundup: Winthrop baseball beats St. Dominic in extras Two arrested in Norridgewock drug bust Body found Saturday in Skowhegan was that of a 44-year-old woman Police probe video of driver in Skowhegan with unbuckled toddler in front seat Waterville boy, 11, injured when bicycle crashes into car Winthrop town manager resigns, takes responsibility for $166,000 error YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal Augusta City Center closes after angry man unleashes 100 live bedbugs Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
skip to main content Real. Reliable. Texas Public Radio. Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia Live At Jazz, TX StoryCorps South Texas Worth Repeating HearSA All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM - San Antonio KPAC 88.3 FM - San Antonio KTXI 90.1 FM - Hill Country KTPR 89.9 FM - Big Country KVHL 91.7 FM - Highland Lakes KTPD 89.3 FM - Del Rio KCTI 1450 AM - Gonzales Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Sponsorship Opportunities Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Free TPR Mobile App Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia Live At Jazz, TX StoryCorps South Texas Worth Repeating HearSA All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM - San Antonio KPAC 88.3 FM - San Antonio KTXI 90.1 FM - Hill Country KTPR 89.9 FM - Big Country KVHL 91.7 FM - Highland Lakes KTPD 89.3 FM - Del Rio KCTI 1450 AM - Gonzales Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Sponsorship Opportunities Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Free TPR Mobile App Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search Unfazed, Sustainable Investors After Paris Withdrawal By Paul Flahive • 12 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email Travis Bubenik / KRTS According to the United National Environment Program investment in green energy was nearly double that of hydrocarbon energy last year. That's similar to 2015, which also saw a record breaking $281 billion in global green energy commitments.  Perhaps these numbers are on the minds of investors in green energy and champions of sustainability who seemed largely unfazed, if not optimistic, about the future of these investments at the Economist's Sustainability Summit in Austin.  All in spite of last week's announcement from President Donald Trump that the U.S. would withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement. Listen Listening... / 1:34 Jay Lipman co-founded Ethic, a startup that helps people shift their money into sustainable companies, and he says that last week's announcement acted as a sort of "call to arms" for his clients. "They now see themselves as having no safety blanket," he says on a panel entitled "What Capital Wants." They now see themselves as having no safety blanket - Jay Lipman "The government is not going to step in and make sure the environment is ok, so people are now seeing a personal accountability that they never saw before," Lipman continues. Cynthia Ringo with DBL Partners agrees and says more aren't panicked because the research shows that investing in sustainability makes money. "The states and municipalities are still committed," says Ringo, referring to the 200 cities and more than 12 states that have committed to the Paris Agreement since the Trump's announcement.  "Corporate America, for the most part, is still highly committed, and for really good business reasons as opposed to regulatory requirement," Ringo says. John Podesta, former chair of Hillary Clinton's campaign, helped negotiate the climate deal under President Obama, and says corporations like Walmart --which announced it  wanted to be powered by 100 percent renewable energy -- wouldn't invest if it hurt the bottom line. "If Walmart decides they are going to keep their commitment. I don't think they made it for President Obama, and I don't think they will take it back because of President Trump," says Podesta. That's a strong signal, he says, that the world is moving in the right direction. Tags:  Technology & Entrepreneurship sustainability TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 Texas Public Radio About TPR Support TPR Financial Reports Public Events Calendar Employment/EEO Community Advisory Board Nominations Privacy Policy Contact TPR
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News open Sports open High School Sports open Weather open Business open Obituaries/In Memoriam open Jobs Autos Real Estate open Entertainment open Food & Dining open Lifestyle open Opinion open Photos & Videos open Become a Member open Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save open Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions open News subscriptions open Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports open Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business open Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region open Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Michigan man upset about onions in food jailed for threats, pulling down pants Detroit's Best Burger-Irish Coffee Bar-19 Onion rings made fresh at Irish Coffee Bar at 18666 Mack Ave in Grosse Pointe Farms. (MLive File Photo) Print Email Brandon Champion | bchampio@mlive.com By Brandon Champion | bchampio@mlive.com MLive.com Follow on Twitter on June 08, 2017 at 11:32 AM comments PITTSBURGH - A Michigan man remains in the Allegheny County Jail Thursday on several charges stemming from drunken threats he made upon discovering his food included onions. According to the Associated Press, Yuba Sharma, 43, of Rochester, was arrested on charges of terroristic threats, indecent exposure, public drunkenness and resisting arrest. Man on LSD stabs 3 people, walks naked through Walmart Police say Sharma ate at All Indiana restaurant on Monday night then returned Tuesday to rant and complain about the onions, allegedly threatening to shoot the owner of the Pittsburgh restaurant before exposing himself. The owner tells police Sharma threatened to shoot him, so he called police, AP reported. That's when Sharma pulled down his pants and exposed himself.  Police say he resisted arrest and had to be lifted and carried to a police cruiser. Michigan's Best Help us find Michigan's Best French fry 9 fast food French fries ranked from best to worst More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Post a job Recruitment Advertising Find a job Buy & Sell Classifieds Autos Homes Local Circulars Deals 65° Clear Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Post a job Recruitment Advertising Find a job Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Autos Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Local Circulars Hy-Vee Deals 65° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Partly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 83F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear skies. Low 66F. Winds SSE at 15 to 25 mph. Updated: June 9, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast Home News Heard on the Street Heard on the Street: Pet retailer works on a 2nd Rochester store Jeff Kiger, jkiger@postbulletin.com Jeff Kiger Business Reporter Jun 8, 2017 Updated 14 hrs ago (…) Looks as if Petco is following the lead of other big box retailers and is planning to "bookend" the Med City with north and south stores. Rochester building permits show the national pet food and supplies retailer is fitting up a new store at 80 25th St. SE in the Broadway Commons commercial center. Petco also has a north Rochester store at 3430 55th St. NW. The permit is for a $750,000 "interior fit out." The only available space in the Broadway Commons area is the 33,000-square-foot store left empty by Sports Authority's closure in 2016. The sports retailer shut down last spring, when the Englewood, Colo.-based company filed for bankruptcy. That spot seems a likely location for Petco, which moved its north store to its place near Sam's Club and Buffalo Wild Wings in 2008. An earlier permit showed the former Sports Authority building was being re-worked to house two tenants. While that plan could have changed, it's possible Petco might have a close neighbor for its new south store. Opening a south Petco would mean the San Diego, Calif.-based retailer is following the same strategy as Target, Walmart, Menards and its rival, PetSmart. The Broadway Commons center, which also features Kohl's, changed hands in January 2016, when Austin, Texas-based EREP Broadway Commons bought the 131,931-square-foot retail complex for $14.5 million. They bought it from Inland Private Capital Program, of Oak Brook, Ill. It originally was built by Wisconsin-based Continental Properties in 2001. Hear something? Share it with Heard on the Street. Call Jeff Kiger at 507-285-7600 or drop a note to jkiger@postbulletin.com. What's your reaction? Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Jeff Kiger Business Reporter Jeff has worked at newspapers as a reporter, columnist, editor, photographer and copy editor since 1992. He started at the Post Bulletin in 1999. Kiger is the PB's business reporter and writes a daily column, "Heard on the Street." Follow Jeff Kiger Close Get email notifications on Jeff Kiger daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jeff Kiger posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jeff Kiger Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Readers Choice nominations - top right promo - flex2 Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles More Headlines Heard on the Street: Pet retailer works on a 2nd Rochester store Heard on the Street: First United flight to land in Rochester on Thursday Heard on the Street: Feed and Country Store to trot to new home Heard on the Street: French cafe is rolling into Downtown Farmers Market Heard on the Street: Ex-bar to become a counseling center Heard on the Street: Realtor to turn ex-hair salon into offices Heard on the Street: New studio brings tattoos and fine art to Broadway Heard on the Street: Chamber of Commerce confirms staffing shakeup Multimedia Photos: National Red & White Convention Photos: Hayfield, Kimball Area softball Class A state quarterfinal Photos: Fire trashes waste facility in Red Wing Photos: Zumbrota-Mazeppa, St. Agnes softball Class AA state quarterfinal What do you think? Event Calendar Submit an Event View All Events Subscribe - top right promo - flex2 What do you think? FEATURED ADS Shop Speicals at HyVee Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles Red Wing's BIC Graphic sold for $80M Small-town Zumbrota is big on shopping Civic Theatre fires artistic director amid unrest K-M teacher garners respect of students Women report attacks by stranger City of Wabasha won't 'just lay down' over Corps' dredging plan 24 hours: 3 lives saved Longtime artistic director and Civic Theatre part ways Furst Draft: Noseworthy says, 'The storm is still coming' Town hall crowd blasts Corps dredging plan Collections Photos: Pine Island Cheese Fest Photos: New Osman Shrine Daddy-Os parade unit Photos: Wabasha-Kellogg, Hayfield baseball Section 1A championship Photos: Lourdes, La Crescent baseball Section 1AA championship Photos: Section 1AA Track and Field Photos: Jackie Hrstka makes Fountain church her home Photos: Section 1A and 1AA golf finals Photos: Zumbrota-Mazeppa, St. Agnes softball Class AA state quarterfinal Photos: Hayfield, Kimball Area softball Class A state quarterfinal Photos: Lourdes, La Crescent baseball Section 1AA semifinal Today's Paper PostBulletin.com Featured Businesses Hy-Vee Rochester #1 507-289-7500 Home News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Magazines Blogs Weather AgriNews Log In Services About Us Contact Us Newsroom Directory Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2017 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) The Latest: DoJ says Sessions recusal due to campaign work News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Iran says 5 Tehran attackers had fought for Islamic State May's future up in the air; possibility of hung Parliament Hillary Clinton keynote speaker at Medgar Edgar College Many stopped to listen to Comey Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Ross sharp in win for weary Nationals Penguins' fast start buries Predators Yanks have Price's number Pulisic's two goals lead U.S. Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Banks lead U.S. stocks slightly higher; oil slumps Retailers a drag on market Apple chats up Siri vs. Alexa Trump plan privatizes U.S. air traffic control Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories This Caesar a little like Trump People in the news: Cosby accuser stands by story Guide for summer fun in the Capital Region Picks Of The Week Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Cirque du Soleil takes its act on Mediterranean cruises Erie Canal Celebration 2017 Confidence, courage key theme at Women@Work Summit Feeding the cause Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives House of the Week: Colonial in East Greenbush Josh Rultenberg out as sportscaster at WTEN Anytime is a good time to visit Music City Nick’s Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles NYC’s Official TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Averill Park's Alana Carroll has eyes on top prize Editorial: Mr. Comey's very real news Clever Fellows buildings on market for $949,000 Outdoors: An illuminating visit to Congaree National Park Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Colonial in East Greenbush Capital Region landlords share lessons learned High & Low Learning lessons from a garage sale fail Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/7dayarchive/article/Herkimer-Co-resident-set-for-deportation-to-11205349.php Herkimer County man set for deportation to Jamaica By Amanda Fries, Times Union Updated 4:22 pm, Thursday, June 8, 2017 Photo: Emily Masters / Times Union Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4   Protestors rallied outside the Colonie office of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement building Monday morning to support Dominic Ricardo Morgan, a Utica man facing deportation. (Emily Masters / Times Union) less   Protestors rallied outside the Colonie office of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement building Monday morning to support Dominic Ricardo Morgan, a Utica man facing deportation. (Emily Masters ... more Photo: Emily Masters / Times Union Image 2 of 4   Protestors rallied outside the Colonie office of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement building Monday morning to support Dominic Ricardo Morgan, a Utica man facing deportation. (Emily Masters / Times Union) less   Protestors rallied outside the Colonie office of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement building Monday morning to support Dominic Ricardo Morgan, a Utica man facing deportation. (Emily Masters ... more Photo: Emily Masters / Times Union Image 3 of 4   Protestors rallied outside the Colonie office of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement building Monday morning to support Dominic Ricardo Morgan, a Utica man facing deportation. (Emily Masters / Times Union) less   Protestors rallied outside the Colonie office of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement building Monday morning to support Dominic Ricardo Morgan, a Utica man facing deportation. (Emily Masters ... more Photo: Emily Masters / Times Union Image 4 of 4 Buy photo Dominic Ricardo Morgan of Utica, at right, arrives at the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in Colonie Monday. A Jamaican immigrant is scheduled to meet with ICE agents for his monthly check-in soon after. (Emily Masters / Times Union) less Dominic Ricardo Morgan of Utica, at right, arrives at the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in Colonie Monday. A Jamaican immigrant is scheduled to meet with ICE agents for his monthly ... more Photo: Emily Masters / Times Union Buy this photo Herkimer County man set for deportation to Jamaica 1 / 4 Back to Gallery COLONIE -- Fears of deportation for a Jamaican immigrant who lives in Herkimer County were realized when 40-year-old Dominic Ricardo Morgan was separated from his family Monday, and now faces deportation. Morgan, a Dolgeville resident, was at Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Colonie for a routine check-in when he was detained for deportation back to Jamaica, according to the ICE-Free Capital District organization, which rallies in support of immigrants during visits with federal agents. His meetings with federal agents were recently changed from yearly to monthly, a shift that raised fears of deportation. ICE officials said multiple misdemeanors on Morgan’s record made him an “enforcement priority," and were monitoring his case until "removal arrangements" were finalized. President Donald Trump has vowed to ramp up deportations, especially targeting immigrants with criminal backgrounds. Morgan’s attorney Nicholas Tishler has said the two misdemeanor convictions stem from nonviolent charges in the 1990s. He declined to describe the charges. The Rev. Joe Cleveland of the Unitarian Universalist Society of Saratoga Springs, said people of “moral conscience” should be outraged by the deportations. "No one is safer, no one is better off, if Ricky is deported and ripped from his family,” Cleveland said. “This deportation regime is an immoral, unjust, racist attack on our values as a society, and I, along with the congregation I serve, will not stand idly by.” Morgan was a crew member on a cruise ship when he legally came to the U.S. decades ago but he overstayed his visa. He is married to U.S. citizen Melissa Morgan and is the father of three children and five stepchildren, all of whom are U.S. citizens. Morgan was issued a deportation order in February 1999 and was arrested by ICE agents in 2012, spending six months in the Buffalo Federal Detention Facility. He was released from the detention center after Jamaican authorities failed to provide travel documents, and has met with immigration agents ever since. Morgan now has a work permit and is employed by Walmart, his wife has said. “We need to start telling the truth. Immigration enforcement has nothing to do with criminality, and it’s regular people like Ricky — people with families, communities, workplaces, neighbors — that are having their lives torn apart, for no reason other than the racist scapegoating of a pathological liar,” Joe Paparone, an organizer with ICE-Free Capital District, said in a news release. Paparone added they’ll continue to fight deportation.    News Videos Most Popular 1 Nick Johnston out as morning meteorologist at WTEN 2 Victims suing Alex West, parents, for $3M in Lake George crash 3 Woman flung from golf cart, dies after falling on wine glasses 4 Sheriff: Teens arrested after vandalism at Thacher Park 5 Bear spotted roaming downtown streets 6 Man burned trying to rescue dog from Brunswick blaze 7 Emergency personnel respond to I-787 crash View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Finance Search Search Climate ChangeRichard Branson Calls President Trump ‘Naive’ For Leaving the Paris Climate Agreement United KingdomU.K. Election Deals Theresa May a Crushing Blow, Blurring Brexit Talks United KingdomSterling Drops as Theresa May Falls Short of Majority in U.K. Election EntrepreneurHere’s Where Most Startups Fail Term Sheet Term Sheet — Thursday, June 8 Erin Griffith Jun 08, 2017 You'll Laugh! Cry! (Maybe Buy.) Below is my column from the latest issue of Fortune. Apologies if this concept sounds a tiny bit familiar to dedicated Term Sheet readers… It is a weekday afternoon in May, and a dozen young women are dabbing themselves with expensive creams, serums, and balms in the Glossier showroom, a tiny, light-filled beauty sanctuary on the sixth floor of an office building in downtown Manhattan. Even the cosmetics startup’s employees, whose dewy complexions match their millennial-pink jumpsuits, are participating. Some of the women are here to shop for Boy Brow eyebrow gel and Balm Dotcom salve, but that’s not really the point of the space. As Glossier CEO Emily Weiss recently explained at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference, the women are present because they want to be a part of something. “While the sales are through the roof and defy all odds, what’s more interesting are the girls who come once a week because they want to feel the energy in the room,” Weiss declared. “I can’t say that about large beauty retailers.” The showroom is merely one of a dozen daily touch points, digital and physical, that Glossier has with its fans. That’s the future of retail, according to a new breed of startups that have embraced physical stores as places for “brand experiences” rather than mere sales. Consider Outdoor Voices, an athletic apparel brand that has gained a cultlike following among young, primarily female fitness enthusiasts. The company’s four stores are home base for gatherings like “dog jogs,” community yoga, and brunch parties. As CEO Tyler Haney explained at the TechCrunch event, its stores “are not about revenue, but community.” A statement like that might induce eye rolls from a traditional retail executive. But it’s worth considering in a year when store closings are on pace to break a 20-year record. Macy’s, Sears, J.C. Penney, Staples, and Kmart are all shuttering stores this year. Payless, the Limited Stores, Wet Seal, MC Sports, Gander Mountain, and Rue21 declared bankruptcy in 2017. The retail landscape is so ugly that CEOs are issuing mea culpas about missing the e-commerce wave, as J. Crew’s chief recently did. “If I could go back 10 years, I might have done some things earlier,” Mickey Drexler conceded to the Wall Street Journal. On the flip side is Amazon, which marked its 20th anniversary as a publicly traded company amid the retail carnage. Famous for defying shareholder expectations to turn a quarterly profit, Amazon has watched its stock price soar since going public in 1997. The company is now worth about $473 billion; more than Walmart Stores, CVS Health, Walgreens, and Target combined. The behemoth has opened seven physical bookstores with plans for convenience, electronics, grocery, and home-goods shops. In the middle of it all are the upstarts, among them Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Warby Parker, Harry’s, Bonobos, Rent the Runway, Everlane, and Cuyana. They are leveraging newly available real estate to experiment with boutiques, showrooms, and pop-up shops. Using physical spaces to build offline community has another advantage: It’s one place where Amazon doesn’t care to compete. The company’s sensor-packed Amazon Go convenience stores, set to open later this year, won’t even have cashiers. (Find the online version of this column here and all past magazine columns here.) *** All Uber all the time: To clarify from yesterday’s dispatch: Not all of Uber’s 215 HR claims were for sexual harassment. Some were for discrimination, some were for unprofessional behavior, and others were for retaliation and bullying. The details of certain of those Uber HR claims are beginning to trickle out. For example: Recode reports that three years ago, Eric Alexander, the president of Uber’s business in Asia Pacific, obtained the medical records of a woman who was raped by her Uber driver. He showed the records to Emil Michael and Travis Kalanick, who were reportedly suspicious that the rape was real and thought it was part of a sabotage plot by its Indian competitor, Ola. The especially salacious part that renewed calls for Travis Kalanick to be fired: Uber hadn’t fired Alexander as part of the 20 it let go – he was cut only after Recode asked about this incident. As predicted: The aforementioned WeWork acquisition spree begins. The company has acquired FieldLens, a New York City-based startup that provides project management tools for the construction industry. WeWork tells Term Sheet that FieldLens’ 25 employees will join the company and that it has no immediate plans to change FieldLens’ product. Mark your calendars: I’m hearing Blue Apron plans to go public on June 29. THE LATEST FROM FORTUNE... • Fortune feature: Howard Schultz has something left to prove. • Sidebar: Howard Schultz for President? • The original hospitality disruptor. • Fortune 500 CEOs on Trump, the economy, AI, and more. …AND ELSEWHERE How bots are inflating Instagram egos. The U.S. ranks 28th in the world in mobile Internet speeds. Execs don’t care about EpiPen prices. How Apple’s Siri lost its lead. BuzzFeed and TV. How Russian propaganda spread from a parody website to Fox News. Trump’s economic policy: There is no policy. This morning is all about the Comey testimony. Kalanick is meditating in Uber’s lactation room. Tiger Global’s bet on Apollo. VENTURE DEALS • Essential, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based mobile and home devices company, raised $300 million in funding at a $900 million to $1 billion valuation, according to Bloomberg. The investors were not named. Read more. • Addepar, a Mountain View, Calif.-based portfolio analysis tech company, raised $140 million in Series D funding. Investors include Valor Equity Partners, 8VC, and Harald McPike. • Algolia, a San Francisco-based SaaS company enabling developers to build search engines, raised $53 million in funding, according to VentureBeat. Accel led the round, and was joined by Alven Capital, Point Nine Capital, Storm Ventures, and SaaStr fund. Read more. • Discord, a San Francisco-based Gamer chat platform, raised approximately $50 million, according to TechCrunch. Index Ventures is said to have led round at a pre-money valuation of $725 million. Institutional Venture Partners, Greylock Partners and Benchmark participated. Read more. • IL MAKIAGE New York, a professional makeup brand with offices in New York, raised $29 million in funding from the Growth Fund of L Catterton. • Beyond Limits, a Glendale, Calif.-based artificial intelligence and cognitive computing company, raised $20 million in Series B funding from BP Ventures. • Obsidian Security, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based cybersecurity company, raised $9.5 million in Series A funding. Greylock Partners led the round. • Automat, a Canada-based AI-driven conversational marketing company, raised $8.3 million in Series A funding. You & Mr Jones led the round, and was joined by Comcast Ventures and Omidyar Technology Ventures. Existing investors Relay Ventures, Real Ventures, and USAA participated. • Viridis Learning, a New York-based education technology company, raised nearly $7.5 million in funding. Investors include Salesforce Ventures and Thayer Ventures. • Digital Pharmacist, an Austin, Texas-based digital health company, raised $6.5 million in Series B funding. Activate Venture Partners and LiveOak Venture Partners led the round. • Jodel, a Berlin-based social app, raised €6 million ($6.8 million), according to Tech.eu. Investors include Adam di Angelo, the Floodgate Fund, Global Founders Network and Atlantic Internet. Read more. • NeoSurgical, a Dublin-based medical device developer, raised $5.5 million in funding. Investors include the Targeted Technology Fund 2. • CybelAngel, a France-based big data-focused cybersecurity solutions provider, raised 3 million euros ($3.4 million) in funding from Serena Data Ventures. • Trint, a London-based automated transcription company, raised $3.1 million in pre-Series A funding. Horizons Labs led the round. • SalesRabbit, a Lehi, Utah-based mobile field sales software platform, raised $2.4 million in funding. Peak Ventures led the round. • Pressboard, a Vancouver-based native ad marketplace, raised $2 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Vancouver Founder Fund led the round. Read more. • Upbeat, a San Francisco-based PR agency startup, raised $1.5 million in funding. Investors include Draper Associates, Maverick Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, FirstRock Capital, UpHonest Capital, Quest Venture Partners, SV Angel, 500 Startups, Stanford-StartX Fund and Y Combinator. • Arx Defence, a Scotland-based maritime security firm, raised Series A funding of an undisclosed amount from Dreamlab Finance. PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS • A group of investors led by GL Capital agreed to buy SciClone Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq:SCLN) in a deal valued at about $605 million. The buyer consortium includes Bank of China Group Investment, CDH Investments, Ascendent Capital Partners and Boying. • Thoma Bravo agreed to acquire Riskonnect, a Kennesaw, Ga.-based risk management software company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • Two partners at Solamere Capital are close to completing a deal to acquire 1% of the New York Yankees, the New York-based professional baseball team. Read more. • Marlin Equity Partners acquired True Office Learning, a provider of interactive e-learning software with locations in Atlanta and Jersey City, from Intercontinental Exchange. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • InterVision Systems, a portfolio company of Huron Capital, has merged with Netelligent Corporation, a Chesterfield, Mo.-based provider of hybrid information technology solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. • Togetherwork, which is backed by Aquiline Capital Partners, acquired Pennington & Company, a Lawrence, Kansas-based provider of fundraising services for fraternities and sororities. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • GTCR agreed to acquire GreatCall, a San Diego, Calif.-based provider of connected health and personal emergency response services. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • Morgenthaler Private Equity recapitalized Voeller, a Port Washington, Wisc.-based maker of batch plants and mixing equipment for the concrete, glass and related sectors. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • P4G Capital Partners acquired the assets of two Fort Worth, Texas-based aerospace component manufacturing companies, Fore Machine and Aero Components. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • Ardian will acquire Dynamic Technologies S.p.A., an Attimis, Italy-based maker of automotive fluid-handling systems and precision aluminum parts. When the deal closes, Ardian will merge Dynamic Technologies with portfolio company Huron. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • Palm Beach Capital made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Midas Utilities, Midas Flow Controls Mid-Atlantic and TV Diversified. OTHER DEALS • Toshiba Corp (TSE:6502) will name a winner for its semiconductor business next week, according to Reuters. The choice has narrowed to bids from Broadcom, Silver Lake and Western Digital Corp. Toshiba’s chip unit is valued at $18 billion or more. Read more. • A consortium of private equity firms TPG Capital Management, MBK Partners, and HKBN Ltd, are preparing separate bids for Hutchison Global Communications, the Hong Kong-based fixed-line telecoms unit of Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Ltd. The unit is expected to be valued at about $1.5 billion. Read more. • Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (NYSE:VRX) said it would sell its iNova Pharmaceuticals business, an Australia-based over-the-counter medicine provider, for $930 million in cash. The unit will be bought by a company jointly owned by Pacific Equity Partners and The Carlyle Group LP. Read more. • The JCDecaux family office, which owns outdoor advertising firm JCDecaux SA, bought a 15.4% stake in Eurazeo (ENXTPA:RF) for €790.5 million ($886.7 million). Read more. • Microsoft (Nasdaq:MSFT) agreed to acquire Hexadite, a Boston-based cuber incident security solutions company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • Key Surgical, a Minneapolis, Minn.-based operating instrument manufacturer, and Interlock Medizintechnik GmbH, a Germany-based sterile services departments product supplier, merged to create a provider of sterile processing and operating room supplies. Water Street Healthcare Partners led the merger and invested in the newly combined company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • St. Croix Hospice, an Oakdale, Minn.-based hospice service provider backed by Clearview Capital, is in the early stages of exploring a sale, according to Dow Jones. • Sirius XM Holdings (Nasdaq:SIRI) is seeking to invest in Pandora Media (NYSE:P), an online music platform, according to Reuters. Read more. IPOs • Shotspotter, Newark, Calif.-based company making gunshot detection software, offered 2.8 million shares at $11 a piece, within its previously stated range of $10 to $12 a piece. The company, which raised about $31 million, plans to list as “SSTI” on the Nasdaq. The company announced revenue of $15.5 million for 2016 on net loss of $6.9 million. ShotSpotter is backed by Lauder Partners(37.4% pre-offering), Motorola Solutions(15.6%), Claremont Creek Ventures(11.3), and RT Groos(10%). Roth Capital Markets is lead underwriter in the deal. • TPG Pace Holdings, a blank check company formed by TPG, filed for an IPO to raise up to $400 million on Wednesday. The SPAC is lead by Karl Peterson, a senior partner at TPG and Co-founder of Hotwire.com. The company plans to list on the NYSE as “TPGH.U.” Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank Securities, and J.P. Morgan Securities are lead underwriters in the deal. Exact pricing terms have yet to be disclosed. • BCG Partners CEO Howard Lutnick said Wednesday that its planned spinoff of real estate services unit, Newmark Grubb Knight Frank, should come before the end of the year, Reuters reported. The company confidentially filed a draft registration statement on a proposed IPO earlier this year. EXITS • Cressey & Company acquired a majority stake in StatLab Medical Products, a McKinney, Texas-based diagnostic supplies manufacturer, from Prairie Capital. FIRMS + FUNDS • Hamilton Lane (NASDAQ:HLNE), a Bala Cynwyd, Penn.-based investment firm, raised $1.9 billion for its largest-ever fund, Hamilton Lane Secondary Fund IV, L.P. • ShoreVest Partners, a China-based private investment firm, says it has formed a $750 million fund targeting bad debt in China, according to The Financial Times. Read more. • World Innovation Lab, a Tokyo-based venture capital firm, raised $236 million for its second venture fund, WiL Fund II. The fund’s target is $400 million. • Ponoi Capital, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm, will raise $150 million for its inaugural fund. • National Geographic Society, a non-profit scientific and educational institution operator, commits $50 million of endowment to create a new impact investment program, managed by CA Capital Management. Read more. • Lerer Hippeau Ventures, a New York City-based seed investor, has raised $28 million for LHV Select, a follow-on vehicle to support portfolio companies with later stage investments. The firm's last fund, Fund V,  raised $113 million in 2015. • Lattice Ventures, a New York-based investment firm, raised $2 million for its maiden fund. PEOPLE • Wind Point Partners promoted Konrad Salaber and David Stott to managing director and Joe Lawler to principal. • Cimbria Capital named Jens Ulrick Hansen as a managing director. • Matthew Q. Reber joined 1315 Capital as a partner. Previously, Reber was at HealthCare Royalty Partners. SHARE TODAY'S TERM SHEET View this email in your browser. Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
just-style home News & insights News US Q1 in brief – Tailored Brands, Lands' End, G-III Apparel, Zumiez By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 8 June 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent first-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, G-III Apparel moved to a loss on acquisition charges, while Guess saw earnings fall on soft Americas sales. Kate Spade, meanwhile, saw earnings slump on the back of sales declines, while Hudson's Bay recorded comparable store declines on the back of lower domestic store traffic across all banners.  Tailored Brands Tailored Brands, the former Men's Wearhouse, said it is gaining traction on itsinitiatives of engaging more customers across all channels, after booking an increase in earnings for the quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings reached US$1.8m from $1.6m last year. Total net sales meanwhile, decreased 5.5% to $782.9m, compared to $828.8m in the year-ago period. Retail segment net sales decreased by 5.3% due primarily to the impact of last year's store closures as well as comparable sales declines. Retail gross margin increased 20 basis points to 43.7%, driven primarily by leveraging of procurement and distribution costs partially offset by deleveraging of occupancy costs as a result of lower retail sales. First-quarter results include $17.2m of one-time charges, of which $2.6m are non-cash costs, to terminate the tuxedo rental license agreement with Macy's. Lands' End Lands' End says its first-quarter results were in line with its expectations, despite a widening of its net loss. For the 13 weeks ended 28 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$7.8m, compared to $5.8m in the year-ago period. Gross margin narrowed to 45.7% from 47.4% in the first quarter last year while net revenue dropped to $268.4m, compared to $273.4m last year. Same-store sales for the quarter meanwhile, increased 2.1%. Looking ahead, CEO Jerome Griffith, said Lands' End is focused on building on this momentum and leveraging its "strong brand and loyal customer base". G-III Apparel Group G-III Apparel has moved to a loss in its first-quarter, despite growing sales, as a result of charges related to its acquisition of Donna Karan International. Losses amounted to US$10.4m for the three month period, from earnings of $2.8m a year earlier. Net sales were up 16% to a record $529m from $457.4m. CEO Morris Goldfarb, said the group's wholesale business continues its strong growth but noted this has been offset by the development of the Donna Karan business. "We are reducing operating costs in our retail business, closing and re-purposing stores and enhancing our store product offerings, all which are intended to help us significantly reduce the losses in our retail operations." Zumiez Zumiez said it is on the right course to grow both sales and earnings to generate value for our shareholders, despite a widening of its net loss in the quarter. For the period ended 29 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$4.4m, compared to net loss of $2.1m in the prior year quarter. Net sales meanwhile, increased 4.7% to $181.2m from $173m last year. Comparable sales for the period were also up, rising 1.8% compared to a comparable sales decrease of 7.5% in the first quarter of 2016. Express Express said it is pleased with the recent trends in the business despite moving to a loss in the quarter. For the 13 weeks to 29 April, the company recorded a net loss of US$4.5m, compared to net income of $12.9m in the year-ago period, which included $11.4m of non-core expenses related to the amendment of the Times Square Flagship store lease. One-off charges in the first quarter of 2017,included $6.3m related to the exit of Canada. Net sales meanwhile, decreased 7% to $467m from $502.9m last year, while comparable sales (including e-commerce sales) decreased 10%, compared to a 3% decrease in the first quarter of 2016. E-commerce sales however, increased 27% year over year to $97.6m. CEO David Kornberg, said: "We are pleased with the recent trends in our business and believe that our initiatives are gaining traction in a challenging retail environment. E-commerce sales accelerated in the first quarter, increasing 27%, and are on track for another record year. Store performance is also showing sequential progress. This led to a comparable sales improvement as we moved through the first quarter, a trend that has continued into the second quarter." Dollar General Dollar General said it was pleased with its earnings results for the first quarter which reflect "solid management" of the business in a difficult retail environment. Net income dropped to US$279.5m for the period ended 5 May, compared to $295.1m last year. Net sales rose 6.5% to $5.61bn, with same store sales up 0.7%, driven by positive results in the consumables and apparel categories, partially offset by negative results in the home and seasonal categories. Gross margin meanwhile, slipped 34 basis points to  30.3% from 30.6%,  primarily attributable to higher markdowns for inventory clearance and promotional activities, a greater proportion of sales of consumables, which tend to have a lower gross profit rate as compared to non-consumables, and the mix within consumables.  CEO Todd Vasos, said: "We continue to execute on our focused strategy and implement our operating initiatives which we believe will improve customer traffic and transactions." Caleres First-quarter results from footwear retailer Caleres provided a "solid start" to the year, despite booking a drop in net earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 29 April, net earnings amounted to US$14.9m compared to $17.8m in the year-ago period. The company said its earnings for the quarter included $2.5m after-tax of expected charges related to the Allen Edmonds acquisition, integration and reorganisation of men's brands. Gross margin of 42.9% was up 52 basis points, while net sales were up 8% to $631.5m from $584.7m in the prior year. CEO Diane Sullivan said that despite the continued tough retail environment, "we are pleased with the performance of our Allen Edmonds acquisition, the success of our integration to date, and with our continued shift toward more balanced earnings contribution from both Famous Footwear and Brand Portfolio. And although retail continues to rapidly and significantly evolve, we remain on track for 2017." Genesco  Genesco said its first-quarter performance reflects a number of challenges, many of which were expected, early in the new fiscal year. For the three months ended 29 April, net earnings fell to US$885m from $10.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down, slipping 0.8% to $643m from $649m. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalog sales, decreased 1%, with a 5% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 1% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 10% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 3% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group. Dollar Tree US discount retailer Dollar Tree saw its first-quarter net income slip US$32.2m to $200.5m, but sales increased 4% to $5.29bn from $5.09bn in the prior year period. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree banner increased 2.5%. Gross margin edged up to 30.8% compared to 30.6% in the prior year, with improvement driven primarily by lower merchandise and freight costs, partially offset by higher markdowns. Abercrombie & Fitch Abercrombie & Fitch reported a net loss of US$61.7m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $39.6m last year. Gross margin narrowed 130 basis points to 60.3%. Net sales slipped 4% to $661.1m from $685.5m in the year-ago period, while comparable sales were down 3%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel."Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel." Burlington Stores  Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue increase in the first quarter, booking a 39.6% rise in net income from US$37.5m to $52.4m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 40.9%, while total sales meanwhile, increased 5.0%, or $63.9m, to $1.3bn. This growth was driven by an increase of $65.1m from new and non-comparable stores, as well as a 0.5% increase in comparable store sales. The 0.5% comparable store sales increase was on top of a 4.3% increase in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Sears Holdings  US retail giant Sears Holdings moved to a profit in the quarter, with net income reaching US$244m, compared to net loss of $471m in the year-ago period. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.6%, while net revenues fell to $4.3bn from $5.4bn last year. Sears said the year-over-year decline in revenues was primarily driven by having fewer Kmart and Sears full-line stores in operation, which accounted for $557m of the decline, as well as an 11.9% decline in comparable store sales during the quarter, which accounted for $417m. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "While this was certainly a challenging quarter for our company, it was also one that clearly demonstrated our commitment to return Sears Holdings to solid financial footing. We recognise that we need to accelerate our efforts to improve our operational performance and are moving decisively with our $1.25bn restructuring program." PVH Corp Apparel giant PVH Corp increased its earnings guidance for the year after its first-quarter earnings exceeded guidance, and despite a 69.7% drop in net income to US$70.1m from $231.6m in the year-ago period. For the quarter ended 30 April, revenue increased 4% to $1.9bn from $1.82bn last year. PVH's Tommy Hilfiger business recorded the highest growth at 6% to $842m, while Calvin Klein revenue was not far behind, up 5% to $756m, compared to the prior year period, which includes a reduction of about $15m resulting from the November 2016 deconsolidation of the company's Calvin Klein business in Mexico. Meanwhile, revenue in the Heritage Brands business for the quarter decreased 3% to $391m, principally resulting from a planned shift in the timing of shipments from the first quarter into the second quarter as compared to the prior year period. CEO Emanuel Chirico said: "Our first quarter performance underscored the power of our diversified business model and the strength in our international businesses. We believe that our brands, led by  Calvin Klein and  Tommy Hilfiger, continue to resonate with consumers and are gaining market share against our competition. As the global retail environment shifts, we continue to focus on adapting to change, while investing in our brands and operating platforms to capitalise on the opportunities for each of our businesses." Shoe Carnival Shoe Carnival saw earnings and sales slip in the first quarter, compared to last year, as net income fell to US$8.2m from $10.7m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin narrowed to 28.5% from 29%, while net sales dropped 2.7% to $253.4m from $260.5m last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.9%. CEO Cliff Sifford said: "Looking forward, our consistently strong financial position provides the financial flexibility to support our future strategies and further enhance shareholder value over time as a result of our dividend and share repurchase programs." Guess US fashion retailer Guess booked a drop in first-quarter sales on the back of a soft performance in the Americas where the company is looking to shrink its footprint and improve profitability. Group earnings fell to US$21.3m from $25.2m a year earlier, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 31.5% from 31.8%. Net revenues finished at the high-end of expectations, reaching $458.6m from $448.8m. In Europe and in Asia, sales were up 23% and 17%, respectively, driven by new store openings and positive comp sales. In the Americas, sales were down 14.9%. Chico's Chico's said it remains "steadfast" in in executing against its strategic plan to increase profitable sales and long-term earnings after booking a mixed first-quarter. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net income increased to US$33.62m from $31.08m in the year-ago period, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 40.7% from 40.8%. Sales meanwhile, slipped 9.2% to $583.7m compared to $643m last year. The company said the fall primarily reflects a decline in comparable sales of 8.7%, driven by lower average dollar sale and a decline in transaction count. Tilly's Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's said its initiatives are gaining traction, as it narrowed its net loss to US$0.2m from $2.7m. Gross margin increased 10 basis points to 27.2% from 27.1% last year, primarily due to an 80 basis point reduction in buying, distribution and occupancy costs, offset by a 70 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns. Total sales edged up 0.6% to $120.9m, while comparable sales were also up by 0.6% compared to a 4.1% decline in the same period last year. DSW DWS said sales were challenging in the first quarter, but trends did improve with comps turning positive in April. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net sales increased 1.4% to US$691.1m from $681.3m in the year-ago period, including $22.3m of revenues from Ebuys. Comparable sales decreased 3% compared to last year's 1.6% slip. Net income meanwhile, slipped to $23m compared to $30m last year. Gross margin decreased 180 bps to 28.2% from 30%, driven by planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys, offset by disciplined markdown management and favourable sourcing costs. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "As expected, planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys drove lower gross margin and operating income. The investments we have made in our digital capabilities, such as our redesigned website and mobile app, drove robust growth in digital demand. We are intently focused on driving sequential top line improvements through key product and customer initiatives while balancing strategic investments with disciplined expense management." New York & Co New York & Co booked first-quarter results in line with company expectations thanks to celebrity collaborations, a double-digit percentage increase in e-commerce sales and strong gross margin expansion to its highest level in the first quarter since 2008. Net losses narrowed to US$4.2m from $5.7m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 300 basis points to 30.7%. Net sales, however, dropped to $209.9m, a decline of 2.9% from $216m in the prior year, reflecting growth in e-commerce, offset by decreases in brick-and-mortar stores due to the combination of a lower store count (463 this year versus 488 last year) and a 0.7% drop in comparable store sales. JC Penney Retail giant JC Penney saw an improvement in women's apparel, despite widening its net loss to US$180m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $68m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, gross margin was up 10 basis points to 36.3 %, positively impacted by improved selling margins throughout the quarter, which was partially offset by the continued growth in the company's online and major appliance businesses. Net sales meanwhile, slipped 3.7% to $2.7bn from $2.8bn last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.5% for the quarter. CEO Marvin Ellison, said: "We continue to make encouraging progress in the company's competitive and financial position despite our top-line performance during the first quarter. While February was a very challenging month for JCPenney and broader retail, we are pleased with our comp store sales for the combined March and April period, which improved significantly versus February." Foot Locker US footwear retailer Foot Locker described its first-quarter as one of the company's most profitable in its history, despite a slip in net income and falling short of its original expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net income was US$180m, compared to $191m in the year-ago period. Total sales meanwhile, increased 0.7% to $2bn, compared with sales of $1.99bn for the corresponding prior-year period. Comparable-store sales were up 0.5%, while gross margin decreased to 34% from 35% a year ago. CEO Richard Johnson said: "The slow start we experienced in February, which we believe was largely due to the delay in income tax refunds, was unfortunately not fully offset by much stronger sales in March and April. Nonetheless, we believe our banners remain at the centre of a vibrant sneaker culture. We are confident that our customers have not lost their tremendous appetite for athletic footwear and apparel and that our position in the industry is stronger than ever." Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping 38% to US$22.2m from $35.9m last year. First-quarter gross margin decreased 390 basis points to 38.7%, primarily due to lower merchandise margins and deleveraging of buying and occupancy costs. Meanwhile, total sales fell to $239.7m, compared to $288m in the year-ago period. Same-store sales were also down, slipping 17%. "Our negative sales trend persisted throughout the first quarter, impacting margins and earnings as we continued to work through our merchandise missteps," stated John Cato, chairman, president, and CEO. "It is taking longer to work through these issues than expected and the remainder of the year will be impacted. We expect earnings for the year to be below last year." The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the first quarter, with the former dropping to US$16.3m from $23.1m a year earlier. Revenues were down 12.8% to $212.3m from net sales of $243.5m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 12.7%. Online sales were down 7.2% to $21.8m for the 13-week period ended 29 April. The Buckle also announced senior vice president of finance and CFO, Karen Rhoads,who joined the company in 1980, will retire later this summer. Rhoads will continue to serve as a member of the company's board of directors. The board has engaged an executive search firm to assist with the search for Rhoads' replacement. The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores widened its net loss to US$57.3m in the first quarter, compared to $37.8m in the year-ago period. The York, Pennsylvania-based company saw total sales fall by 9.3% to $536.1m from $591m in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Comparable store sales decreased 8.8% as compared with the prior year period. Meanwhile, gross margin decreased 170 basis points to 32.2% compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the markdown rate and increased delivery expenses. CEO Kathryn Bufano said: "Our first quarter results did not meet our expectations due primarily to weak mall traffic trends, unfavourable weather and marketing challenges associated with the Easter calendar shift." Ross Stores Ross Stores booker higher sales and earnings in its first-quarter despite uncertainty and volatility in the market. Earnings reached US$321m from $291m a year earlier. Total sales were up 7% to $3.3bn, while comparable store sales grew 3%. Operating margin of 15.2% exceeded company expectations due to above-plan sales and merchandise margin. For the second quarter, the company is forecasting same store sales to be up 1% to 2%, on top of a 4% gain last year, with earnings per share of $0.73 to $0.76, up from $0.71 in the prior year period. Stage Stores Stage Stores widened its net loss to US$19m from $15.5m in the first quarter as the company incurred after-tax charges primarily associated with the Gordmans acquisition of about $4m. Net sales were also down, falling 7.3% to $308.6m, compared to $332.8m in the prior year. Meanwhile, comparable sales decreased 9.6%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "After a challenging February in which we saw negative double digit comps, we began to gain momentum and our business improved significantly during the combined March and April period. While we expect retail headwinds to continue in the near term, we believe that our selective acquisition of prime Gordmans' assets allows us to diversify with an off-price business model. We expect the acquisition to add scale to our business and be meaningfully accretive to our earnings in 2018." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it was pleased with a "solid start" to fiscal 2018, with top and bottom line results surpassing guidance, reflecting solid growth in its core brands driven by the earlier shipment of Spring merchandise and strong gross margin expansion. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$12.8m, compared to GAAP net income of $14.3m last year. GAAP Gross margin expanded 120 basis points to 37.6%, while adjusted gross margin expanded 90 basis points. Meanwhile, total sales dropped 7.3% to $242m from $261m last year, but ahead of guidance of $230mto $235 million. The company said the decline reflected a planned decrease in shipments given a reduction of customers' doors and inventory discipline to drive higher margin sales. Walmart Walmart has delivered what analysts say is an encouraging start to the year as sales grew 1.4% in the quarter to US$117.5bn. Excluding currency, sales were up 2.5% to $118.8bn. In its domestic market revenues were up 2.9% to $75.4bn, while international sales climbed 3.5% to $27.1bn. Net earnings, meanwhile, were down 1.3% in the period to $3.04bn. "We delivered a solid first-quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year. We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers," said CEO Doug McMillon. The Children's Place The Children's Place has booked what it says are "outstanding" operating results in the quarter with comparable sales, operating margin and earnings significantly above last year and the high end of its guidance. Net sales increased 4.1% to US$436.7m on the back of a comparable retail sales increased of 6.1%. Operating margin improved 170 basis points to 11.1%, while net income reached $36.2m from $26m a year earlier. American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a mixed first-quarter as earnings slipped but sales increased. For the period ended 29 April, net income fell to US$25.2m from $40.5m last year. Gross margin decreased 270 basis points to 36.5% from 39.2% last year, primarily due to increased promotional activity and higher shipping costs related to a strong digital business. Meanwhile, total net revenue was up 2% to $761.8m, compared to $749.4m in the year-ago period. Consolidated comparable sales were also up 2%, following a 6% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "The first quarter results reflected mall traffic headwinds, especially early in the quarter, with improved trends over Easter and a strong digital business throughout. As we look ahead, we are taking the right steps to improve our results and adjust our business for today's rapidly evolving retail environment." L Brands  L Brands booked a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping to US$94.1m from $152.3m last year. For the three months ended 29 April, net sales fell 7% to $2.44bn compared to $2.61bn in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were also down, falling 9%. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 6 percentage points and 9 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company increased its guidance for 2017 full-year earnings per share to $3.10 to $3.40 from $3.05 to $3.35 previously, and issued guidance for second quarter earnings per share between $0.40 and $0.45. Target Corp US retail group Target said its first-quarter financial performance was "better" than its expectations, as net earnings rose 7.7% to US$681m from $632m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, sales slipped 1.1% to $16.0bn compared to $16.2bn last year, reflecting a comparable sales decline of 1.3%, partially offset by the contribution from new stores. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 22% and contributing 0.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 30.5%, compared with 30.9% in the year-ago period, reflecting increased digital channel fulfilment costs.  CEO Brian Cornell, said: "We are in the early stage of a multi-year effort to position Target for profitable, consistent long-term growth, and while we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape. As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity." Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters saw net income slip 59.8% in the first quarter, falling to US$11.9m from $29.6m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down in the period, falling 0.2% to $761.2m compared to $762.6m last year. Total comparable retail segment net sales decreased 3.1%. By brand, comparable sales increased 1.5% at Free People, but decreased 3.1% at Urban Outfitters and 4.4% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by negative retail store comparable net sales. CEO Richard Hayne, said: "During the first quarter we continued to see strong double-digit growth from our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale business. We believe we have significant opportunity to continue to grow both of these channels at all of our brands." Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said that despite a challenging retail environment, it realised growth across each of its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net income reached US$58.2m compared to $56.9m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also up, increasing 9.9% to $1.8bn from $1.7bn last year. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will continue to "evaluate and adjust" its business model, and is taking actions to reduce its expense structure in order to fund and develop its longer-term strategic initiatives. TJX Companies TJX Companies said it has  great confidence in the continued, successful growth of the company after booking increases in both sales and earnings in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 January, net income reached US$536.3m, compared to $508.3m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin was 29.0%, up 0.2 percentage points versus the prior year. Net sales meanwhile, increased by 3% to $7.8bn from $7.5bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, narrowed its net loss in the first quarter. For the period ended 31 March, net loss was US$2.4m, compared to $6.5m for the prior year period. Net sales meanwhile, were up 19% to $40.1m from $33.7m in the prior year period, reflecting a 22% increase in wholesale segment sales and a 9% increase in consumer direct segment sales. The company added the sales increase was primarily due to sales from the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands for the full period. Gross margin fell to 46.4% compared to 48.5%last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans for the full quarter as well as the inclusion of Swims, which carry lower gross margin rates as primarily wholesale businesses. CEO Michael Buckley said the company is "pleased" with the progress it has made during the quarter, especially in its e-commerce business, which saw a 46% sales increase. Dillard's Dillard's has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its first-quarter, with net income falling to US$66.3m from $77.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped to $1.42bn from $1.50bn a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations improved 65 basis points. CEO William Dillard said that while the company's sales decline weighed heavily onits operating results, it still ended the quarter with $302m of cash, largely due to better cash management. Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked first-quarter earnings in line with expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings were up 37% to US$63m, from $46m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.7% to $3.3bn, compared to $3.2bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.8%. This was consistent with trends experienced over the past year, Nordstrom said. Meanwhile, online sales were 24% of total net sales, driven by 11% growth at Nordstrom.com and 19% at Nordstromrack.com/HauteLook. Hudson's Bay Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) has booked a drop in comparable sales in what it described as a difficult first-quarter, particularly in the US where the group has experienced lower store traffic across all its banners. On a constant currency basis, consolidated comparable sales were down 2.9%. DSG (Hudson's Bay, Lord & Taylor, and Home Outfitters) saw sales fall 2.4%, while Saks Fifth Avenue sales fell 4.8%. In Europe, HBC sales were remained flat. Comparable digital sales were up 5.4%. Macy's US department store retailer Macy's says its first-quarter sales and earnings results were consistent with its expectations, and that it remains on track to meet its 2017 guidance. Earnings in the period dropped to $71m from $115m last year, while gross margin narrowed to 38.1% from 39.1% in the prior year period. Sales totalled $5.34bn, a drop of 7.5% on sales of $5.77bn in the same period last year, reflecting, in part, store closures. Comparable sales on an owned basis were down 5.2%. Kohl's US department store retailer Kohl's has booked mixed first-quarter results as earnings climbed but sales fell. Earnings were up 14% to US$66m from $58m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 83 basis points to 36.4%. Sales, meanwhile, were down 3.2% to $3.84bn. CEO Kevin Mansell, however, said there had been a "significant improvement" in sales and traffic for the March and April period, after a weak February. "Continued strong inventory management led to a major improvement in gross margin, and our teams managed expenses exceptionally well." Wolverine Worldwide Wolverine Worldwide booked what it says was a solid start to the year with earnings and sales that beat expectations and strong progress towards its strategic transformation plan. Revenues dropped 4.8% to US$591.3m due to an additional week of operations in the first quarter of 2017. Underlying revenue declined 2%. Earnings dropped to $16.7m from $17.4m, while gross margin widened slightly to 39.7% from 39.6% last year. "The transformation of our business is well underway with our strategy focused on elevating our most powerful brands with consumers, delivering continuous product innovation and sustained organic growth, and unlocking incremental operational efficiencies, with an emphasis on pace and speed," said CEO Blake Krueger. Iconix Brand Group Iconix moved to a loss in its first-quarter on the back of declining sales as the the company looks to implement initiatives aimed at improving its balance sheet and driving organic growth. Losses amounted to US$4.3m from earnings of $18.6m a year earlier. Operating income declined 27% to $33.6m, while licensing revenue fell 13% to $58.7m. Separately, Iconix announced the sale of its entertainment segment for $345m in cash. Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends said total sales in the 13 weeks to 29 April increased 3.2% to US$200m, compared to $193.7m in the year-ago period. Comparable store sales meanwhile, were up 1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Acting CEO Bruce Smith, said: "We are pleased to report that our improved merchandising strategies are driving better performance, as demonstrated by the increase in our first quarter comparable store sales. After a very slow start to the quarter due to the later disbursement of tax refunds by the Internal Revenue Service, we were able to more than make up February's 21% comparable store sales decline with increases of 13% in March and 18% in April." Weyco Weyco saw both sales and earnings slip in its first-quarter in the face of what it called a "challenging" retail environment. For the three months to 31 March, net earnings attributable to the company fell 17% to US$2.2m from $2.7m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net sales for the quarter slipped to $69.1m, down 12% from $78.9m last year. CEO Thomas Florsheim Jr said: "The retail environment continues to be challenging, as retailers address reduced foot traffic in their brick and mortar stores. We continue to seek growth across all trade channels and are working to reduce our costs.  This quarter we saw higher gross margins and reductions in several categories of selling and administrative costs as a result of our efforts."    Hanesbrands US fashion retailer Hanesbrands said it is off to the strong start of 2017 that it sought, despite net income slipping 12% to US$70.6m from $80.3m in the year-ago period. Net sales meanwhile, increased 13.2% to $1.38bn from $1.22bn last year, thanks to acquisition contributions. Sales for the activewear and international segments increased, while sales decreased as expected for the innerwear segment and manage-for-cash businesses. Hanes has also launched a multiyear initiative to increase investment for growth, reduce costs, and drive cash flow. Project Booster, is expected to drive the company's Sell More, Spend Less, Generate Cash business strategy and is expected to generate about $100m in annualised net cost savings, and $300m of incremental annual net cash from operations after annualised growth reinvestment of $50m. The company has also recently announced the departure of CFO Richard Moss who will retire at the end of 2017. Hanesbrands has initiated an internal and external search for his successor.  VF Corp US apparel giant VF Corporation said its first-quarter results were "right in line" with expectations, despite a 2% fall in both sales and earnings for the period. Net income fell to US$209.2m in the three months to March, from $260.3m the year before. As a result of the sale of its licensed sports group business to Fanatics, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $5.5m the first quarter of 2017. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 50.2% on a reported basis, while total revenues fell to $2.55bn from $2.60bn in the year-ago period. Brand revenue at Vans was up 5% and by 6% at The North Face., but fell 5% at Timberland. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record first-quarter net sales of US$543.8m, a 4% increase compared with net sales of $525.1m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 13% to $36m from $31.8m in the year ago period. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 3%, and net income of between $192m and $199m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "Our first quarter results provide a good start to a year that presents many challenges, especially in the US, which has been impacted by customer bankruptcies, liquidations and ongoing efforts by US.retailers to rationalise their store fleets and square footage. We were encouraged by the Columbia brand's continued growth in Europe-direct markets during the first quarter and by the Sorel brand's successful launch of an expanded Spring assortment. In addition, our direct-to-consumer businesses were a source of growth in every region. "In the midst of changing consumer shopping patterns, our portfolio of powerful brands and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to drive sustainable, profitable growth." Amazon Online retail giant Amazon has booked increases in both sales and earnings in its first-quarter thanks to new product and service launches globally, including seven private apparel brands to Prime members. Net income reached US$724m from $513m a year prior. Net sales were up 23% to $35.7bn. Excluding a $492m unfavourable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales increased 24%. Under Armour Under Armour's share price has spiked after the athletic wear maker posted a first-quarter loss that was better than analyst expectations and reaffirmed its full-year outlook. The loss for the three months to the end of March amounted to US$2.3m from earnings of $19.2m a year ago. Gross margin dropped 70 basis points to 45.2%. Net sales, however, grew 7% to $1.1bn. "Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and we're off to a solid start in 2017," said Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. "By proactively managing our growth to deliver superior innovative product, continuing to strengthen our connection with consumers and increasing our focus on operational excellence - we have great confidence in our ability to drive toward our full year targets." Carter's Carter's booked a mixed first-quarter, with a slight rise in sales but a 13.6% decrease in net income from US$54m to $46.7m. Operating margin also decreased, falling 210 basis points to 10.7%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 1.2% to $732.8m, reflecting growth in the company's domestic retail and wholesale sales, which was partially offset by a decline in International sales. CEO Michael Casey, said: "We achieved our sales and earnings objectives in the first quarter. Stronger than planned demand in our wholesale and ecommerce businesses helped to offset the effects of delayed tax refunds to families with young children and a later Easter holiday. "We have seen a meaningful improvement in sales trends in April, driven by Easter holiday shopping, and expect good growth in sales and earnings in the balance of the year."  Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it pleased to have started off 2017 with a strong first-quarter, despite delivering a 15.6% drop in earnings. For the three months ended 31 March, net income fell to US$20.2m from $23.7m last year. However, the company said its highlight of the quarter was its Steve Madden women's wholesale footwear division, which enjoyed a period of "outstanding growth in a challenging retail environment". Net sales increased 11.2% to $366.4m, compared to $329.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin widened to 36.2%, compared to 35.3% last year. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said the company will take a prudent approach to planning its business in light of retail industry headwinds, but added the strength in its core business "gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to navigate the uncertain environment".  Skechers Despite first-quarter net sales representing a new quarterly record and the first time the company has exceeded US$1bn in quarterly sales, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip in the three months ended 31 March. Sales in the quarter were up 9.6% to $1.07bn on last year, primarily due to a 16.8% increase in the company's international wholesale business and a 12.8% rise in its company-owned global retail business which included comparable same-store sales increases of 2.9%. However, earnings slipped 3.7% to $94m, compared to $97.6m in the year-ago period. CEO David Weinberg said: "We are particularly proud of the growth in the quarter considering the tough comparison to 2016, which included the benefit of an additional day in February and Easter falling in March." Rocky Brands Rocky Brands says it has made a "solid start" to 2017 as it moved to a profit thanks to doubling its military segment sales to a quarterly record US$12m. Net income in the three months ended 31 March amounted to $1.5m from a loss of $0.2m a year earlier. Net sales meanwhile, increased 9.6% to $63.1m, compared to $57.5m in the year-ago period. Wholesale sales declined 2.5% to $39.2m, while retail sales edged up to $11.9m from $11.5m. Gross margin dropped 160 basis points to 31.3%, driven by the increase in military segment sales which carry lower gross margins than its wholesale and retail segments. CEO Mike Brooks said: "The actions we have taken over the past six months to better position the company for profitable growth are clearly gaining traction. While there is still work ahead of us in order to maximise shareholder value over the long-term, we are confident we are heading in the right direction." Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade saw earnings slump to US$1.4m in the three months ended 1 April, from $11.6m a year earlier. The company incurred a $7m of pre-tax store impairment charge and $2m of pre-tax fees and expenses related to its strategic review. Gross margin widened to 63.2% from 61.8%, but net sales dropped 1.2% to $271m. Same-store sales fell 2.4% for the quarter, and were down 8.1% excluding e-commerce.  Direct-to-consumer comparable sales fell 2%. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase in the first quarter, up 4% to US$1.10bn from $1.06bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 26 February, net income slipped to $60m, down 9% from $66m last year. The decline primarily reflected lower gross margins, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 51.2% from 53%. In Europe, net revenues were up 12%, while in the Americas sales dropped by 1% and Asia net revenues declined 2%. "Despite the on-going challenges in the industry, I am pleased that we delivered 5% currency-neutral growth over a strong Q1 last year," said Chip Bergh, president and CEO. "We were able to deliver these solid results despite a declining US wholesale business, because of the breadth of our portfolio. Specifically, we grew in all three regions, with particularly outstanding results in Europe; double digit growth in our direct-to-consumer business; and double digit growth on women's and tops." Tweet New yarn tech could "revolutionise" the athletic sock industry PREVIOUS Clarks appoints Kenyon finance chief NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Companies: Abercrombie & Fitch Co, Amazon.com, American Eagle Outfitters, Calvin Klein Inc, Cato Corporation, Chico’s FAS, Citi Trends Inc, Columbia Sportswear Company, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Differential Brands Group, Dollar General, DSW Inc, Foot Locker Inc, G-III Apparel Group, Genesco Inc, Hanesbrands Inc, Hudson’s Bay Company, Iconix Brand Group Inc, JC Penney Company Inc, Kate Spade & Co, Kmart, Kohl’s Corporation, Lands’ End, Levi Strauss & Co, Lord & Taylor, Macy’s Inc, New York & Company, Nordstrom Inc, Perry Ellis International Inc, PVH Corporation, Rocky Brands Inc, Ross Stores Inc, Saks Incorporated, Sears Holdings Corporation, Shoe Carnival, Skechers USA Inc, Stage Stores Inc, Steven Madden, Tailored Brands Inc , Target Corporation, Bon-Ton Stores Inc, Buckle Inc, Children’s Place Retail Stores Inc, Timberland Company, TJX Companies Inc, Tommy Hilfiger Group, Under Armour Inc, Urban Outfitters Inc, VF Corporation, Victoria’s Secret, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Wolverine World Wide Inc, Zumiez Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW COMMENT How millennials (and actually, everyone) want to shop RESEARCH American Eagle Outfitters Inc in Apparel and Footwear (World) While a soft macro environment has negatively impacted other brands, American Eagle Outfitters has taken several encouraging steps to improve its results. However, a weak FY2016 fourth quarter announc... COMMENT The Flanarant – What's behind Britain’s apparent apparel export boom? ANALYSIS Amazon's rise fuels fewer bricks and more clicks NEWS Cotswold and Haana partner on apparel linings Hong Kong fabric maker Cotswold International has partnered with Chinese textile manufacturer Haama Ltd to sell and distribute interior linings for apparel.... NEWS Macy's promotes Anwar as tech VP amid team restructure US department store retailer Macy's has promoted Yasir Anwar to the role of executive vice president and chief technology officer as part of plans to restructure the company's technology team in a bid... NEWS Perry Ellis inks Cubavera deal in Mexico Perry Ellis International has entered into a license agreement with Wolf Company SA de CV for men's apparel and accessories under the Cubavera trademark in Mexico.... NEWS H&M, Inditex and Nike ranked supply chain leaders Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights Sri Lanka apparel makers see delays after floods How millennials (actually, everyone) want to shop Digitalisation takes shape in fashion value chains Sewbots pave the way for the factory of the future India ban on cattle trade hurts leather sourcing News Bangladesh Alliance suspends another six factories US Q1 in brief – Tailored Brands, Lands' End Bangladesh violence over union formation attempts H&M, Inditex and Nike ranked supply chain leaders US apparel retailers' May 2017 sales roundup Market research Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 UV protective clothing: a practical approach to sun care Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 Global Licensing Trends in Children’s Apparel and Footwear Womenswear in Hong Kong, China Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc VF Corporation Gap Inc Nike Inc Levi Strauss & Co Inditex SA Zara Adidas Group PVH Corporation Primark Wal-Mart Stores Inc Lectra Calvin Klein Inc Tommy Hilfiger Group C&A JC Penney Company Inc Abercrombie & Fitch Co Tesco Plc Kate Spade & Co All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Earnings Highlights and Review: McKesson’s Quarterly Revenue Grew 4%; Adjusted EPS Climbed 8% Earnings Highlights and Review: McKesson’s Quarterly Revenue Grew 4%; Adjusted EPS Climbed 8% Posted on June 8, 2017 by Pro-Trader Daily in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / June 8, 2017 / Pro-Trader Daily publishes post-earnings coverage on McKesson Corp. (NYSE: MCK) following the Company’s release of its fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 financial results on May 18, 2017. The prescription drug distributor surpassed earnings expectations. Our daily stock reports are accessible for free, and with those to look forward today you also will be signing up for a complimentary member’s account at: http://protraderdaily.com/register/ At Pro-TD, we make it our mission to bring you news that matter about the stock you follow. Today, our research desk covers a blog story on MCK. With the links below you can directly download the report of your stock of interest free of charge at: http://protraderdaily.com/optin/?symbol=MCK Earnings Reviewed McKesson reported that revenues for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2017, were $48.71 billion, up 4% compared to $46.68 billion for Q4 FY16. The Company’s revenue numbers missed analysts’ consensus estimates of $49.78 billion. For the fiscal year 2017, McKesson reported revenues of $198.53 billion, up 4% compared to $190.88 billion in the year ago same period. On a GAAP basis, McKesson’s earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $16.79 for Q4 FY17 compared to $1.97 for Q4 FY16. The Company’s FY17 GAAP earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $23.28, up 137% compared to $9.84 a year ago same period. McKesson’s Q4 FY17 and FY17 GAAP earnings included a pre-tax net gain of $3.9 billion, or $14.10 and $13.53 per diluted share, respectively, related to the creation of the Change Healthcare joint venture, as reported on March 02, 2017. For Q4 FY17 and FY17, GAAP and adjusted earnings included charges of $0.03 and $0.04 per diluted share, respectively, related to the Company’s cost alignment plan that was announced in March 2016. Excluding Cost Alignment Plan charges from adjusted earnings, McKesson’s reported quarter results of $3.42 per diluted share, were up 8% compared to $3.18 in the prior year. The Company’s earnings number surpassed Wall Street’s expectations of $3.39 per share. Segment Results During Q4 FY17, McKesson’s Distribution Solutions revenues were $48.2 billion, up 5% on a reported basis and 6% on a constant currency basis. For FY17, Distribution Solutions revenues were $195.9 billion, up 4% on a reported basis and 5% on a constant currency basis. For the reported quarter, Distribution Solutions GAAP operating profit was $769 million and GAAP operating margin was 1.60%. On a constant currency basis, Q4 FY17 adjusted operating profit was $1.1 billion, up 10% on a y-o-y basis, while adjusted operating margin was 2.18%. For FY17, Distribution Solutions GAAP operating profit was $3.4 billion and GAAP operating margin was 1.72%. On a constant currency basis, the segment’s full-year adjusted operating profit was $3.9 billion, down 9% on a y-o-y basis, and adjusted operating margin totaled 1.99%. For Q4 FY17, McKesson’s North America pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues totaled $40.6 billion, up 5% both on a reported and constant currency basis, primarily reflecting market growth and acquisitions, partially offset by branded to generic conversions. For FY17, the North America pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues recorded were $164.8 billion, up 4% on a reported and constant currency basis, compared to the prior year. McKesson’s International pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues were $6.1 billion for Q4 FY17, up 5% on a reported basis and 12% on a constant currency basis, driven by acquisitions and market growth. For FY17, International pharmaceutical distribution and services revenues were $24.8 billion, up 6% on a reported basis and up 11% on a constant currency basis, compared to the prior year. The Company’s Medical-Surgical distribution and services revenues were $1.6 billion for Q4 FY17, up 9%, driven by market growth and an acquisition. For FY17, Medical-Surgical distribution and services revenues were $6.2 billion, up 3% compared to the prior year. During Q4 FY17, McKesson’s MTS revenues totaled $0.5 billion, down 30% both on a reported and constant currency basis. For FY17, MTS revenues of $2.6 billion declined 10% on a reported basis and 9% on a constant currency basis. For the reported quarter, MTS GAAP operating profit was $4.1 billion and full-year MTS GAAP operating profit was $4.2 billion, both driven by the recognition of a gain related to the creation of Change Healthcare. On a constant currency basis, the segment’s adjusted operating profit was $99 million, down 3% on a y-o-y basis, while adjusted operating margin was 19.30%. For FY17 MTS’ adjusted operating profit was $303 million on a constant currency basis, and the adjusted operating margin was 11.60%. Cash Matters For FY17, McKesson generated cash from operations of $4.7 billion, and ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $2.8 billion. During the year, McKesson paid $4.2 billion for acquisitions, repurchased $2.3 billion of its common stock, repaid approximately $1.6 billion in long-term debt, invested $562 million internally, and paid $253 million in dividends. On May 25, 2017, McKesson’s Board of Directors declared a regular dividend of $0.28 per share on Common Stock. The dividend will be payable on July 03, 2017, to stockholders of record on June 05, 2017. Outlook For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2018, McKesson expects GAAP earnings per diluted share to range in $7.10 to $8.80 and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $11.75 to $12.45. For the upcoming fiscal year, the Company’s income attributable to non-controlling interests is expected to increase approximately 200% on a y-o-y basis, driven primarily by the joint sourcing agreement with Walmart. For FY18, McKesson’s cash flow from operations is expected to decline by approximately 10% on a y-o-y basis, primarily due to a very strong FY17 close as well as the loss of the majority of MTS’ cash flow following the creation of Change Healthcare. Stock Performance On Wednesday, June 07, 2017, the stock closed the trading session at $161.59, slightly down 0.22% from its previous closing price of $161.94. A total volume of 1.26 million shares have exchanged hands. McKesson’s stock price surged 14.71% in the last one month, 9.31% in the past three months, and 11.44% in the previous six months. Furthermore, since the start of the year, shares of the Company have rallied 15.05%. The stock is trading at a PE ratio of 6.76 and has a dividend yield of 0.69%. The stock currently has a market cap of $34.12 billion. Pro-Trader Daily: Pro-Trader Daily (Pro-TD) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and Canadian stocks. PRO-TD has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. PRO-TD has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the “Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the “Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst, for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@protraderdaily.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA&#174; charterholder (the “Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by PRO-TD. PRO-TD is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way. NO WARRANTY PRO-TD, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. PRO-TD, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, PRO-TD, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither PRO-TD nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://protraderdaily.com/disclaimer/. CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you’re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@protraderdaily.com Phone number: (917) 341.4653 Office Address: Mainzer Landstrasse 50 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 60325 CFA&#174; and Chartered Financial Analyst&#174; are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE: Pro-Trader Daily ReleaseID: 465234 Latest News Appliance Recycling Centers Securities have been Battered Recently, Could a Bounce be in Play? Celsion Encouraging Ovation Study Results, Pipeline Review and Market Potential Chanticleer Holdings Signs Lease for Little Big Burger in Multnomah Village in Portland, Oregon Earnings Highlights and Review: McKesson’s Quarterly Revenue Grew 4%; Adjusted EPS Climbed 8% Earnings Highlights and Review: Ralph Lauren Reported Better Than Expected Quarterly Revenue and Earnings Earnings Highlights and Review: Deere Reported a Robust Q2 Results; Topped Market Forecasts Earnings Highlights and Review: Ross Stores’ Quarterly Sales Grew 7%; EPS Climbed 12% Featured Company News – Viking Therapeutics’ VK2809 Shows Encouraging Results in Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis Corporate News Blog – SYNNEX to Acquire Westcon-Comstor North America and Latin America Businesses; Set to Expand Its Presence in the Networking Segment Corporate News Blog – Elbit Systems of America Wins Contract to Deliver Panoramic Cockpit Display Units for F-35 Aircrafts © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Latest News Featured Stories A place for prayer, solitude News Commissioners vote to hire construction manager for jail News Drug Task Force arrests 109 News Shopping cart phobia Columns Mike’s Musings – War on terror is not hopeless News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News Home Local Fundraiser earns $1615 for Union Hill Fire Department Local News June 8, 2017 slandon 0 Fundraiser earns $1615 for Union Hill Fire Department 0 0   0 0 0   0   0 more  Fundraiser earns $1615 for Union Hill Fire Department June 8, 2017 slandon now playing A place for prayer, solitude June 8, 2017 slandon Commissioners vote to hire construction manager for jail June 8, 2017 slandon Drug Task Force arrests 109 June 8, 2017 slandon now playing Shopping cart phobia June 8, 2017 slandon now playing Mike’s Musings - War on terror is not hopeless June 8, 2017 slandon Birthdays are special June 8, 2017 slandon History of the B-17 June 8, 2017 slandon now playing Pets of the week 6-7-17 June 8, 2017 slandon Obituaries 6-7-17 June 8, 2017 slandon Church Happening's 6-7-17 June 8, 2017 slandon By Alton Mitchell Chambers County Sheriff Sid Lockhart is a grilling legend in the region. The delicious burgers that Sheriff Lockhart is famous for cooking up are also known to be a great fundraiser during times of need in the County. On last Friday Sheriff Lockhart’s burgers helped raise more than $1600 for a local fire department that was devastated by a tornado earlier this year. The Union Hill community is a small community located to the north of LaFayette. On the night of April 5th, 2017 an EF-1 tornado ripped through the town leaving in its wake downed trees, damaged roofs, and a twisted fire department. The rural fire department serviced areas of Union Hill and the neighboring regions. The Chambers County Sheriff’s Department and the Chambers County EMA/E 9-1-1 sprang into action last Friday and held a fundraiser to help the small department rebuild. The fundraiser called the disaster recovery fundraiser sold hamburger plates for $6.00. That plate included 2 burgers and chips. From 11:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m. the grills were blazing in front of the Valley Wal-Mart cooking up burgers and dollars to help out a community in need. On Monday Chambers County EMA director Donnie Smith made his way to the Chambers County Courthouse in LaFayette. During the regular Chambers County Commission meeting Smith presented a check for $1,615.00 to the Union Hill Volunteer Fire Department. Those funds represented the funds raised during the fundraiser on Friday. Members of the Union Hill VFD were very pleased to accept the check. They offer their thanks to the Chambers County EMA/E-9-1-1 for their assistance and the Chambers County Sheriff’s Department for their efforts in supporting the department and raising the funds to assist them with the rebuilding process. The storm that destroyed the fire department struck the town with winds of nearly 90 miles per hour leaving the small department twisted and mangled with a debris field that extended into the tree line behind the fire department property. There has been no word on when the department plans to rebuild. Related posts: Tornado ravages Union Hill Sheriff’s Department holds fundraiser for local boy Chambers County Sheriff’s Department suffers tragic loss Thanks to local volunteer fire departments   0 0 0   0   0 previous Improved striping to take place on roads next Highway Dept. sports surplus slandon Related Posts A place for prayer, solitude June 8, 2017 slandon 0 Commissioners vote to hire construction manager for jail June 8, 2017 slandon 0 Drug Task Force arrests 109 June 8, 2017 slandon 0 Subscribe to The LaFayette Sun First Name Last Name Email Address Submit Facebook Like Box Facebook Copyright 2016, The LaFayette Sun Close News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News × REPORT THIS [contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"] Share this video
Retail Search Search Climate ChangeRichard Branson Calls President Trump ‘Naive’ For Leaving the Paris Climate Agreement United KingdomU.K. Election Deals Theresa May a Crushing Blow, Blurring Brexit Talks United KingdomSterling Drops as Theresa May Falls Short of Majority in U.K. Election EntrepreneurHere’s Where Most Startups Fail Illustration by Michael George Haddad A Boom With A View Selling Stuff Is No Longer the Point of Retail Stores Erin Griffith Jun 08, 2017 💥A Boom with a View💥 is a column about startups and the technology industry, written by Erin Griffith. Find them all here: fortune.com/boom. It is a weekday afternoon in May, and a dozen young women are dabbing themselves with expensive creams, serums, and balms in the Glossier showroom, a tiny, light-filled beauty sanctuary on the sixth floor of an office building in downtown Manhattan. Even the cosmetics startup’s employees, whose dewy complexions match their millennial-pink jumpsuits, are participating. Some of the women are here to shop for Boy Brow eyebrow gel and Balm Dotcom salve, but that’s not really the point of the space. As Glossier CEO Emily Weiss recently explained at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference, the women are present because they want to be a part of something. “While the sales are through the roof and defy all odds, what’s more interesting are the girls who come once a week because they want to feel the energy in the room,” Weiss declared. “I can’t say that about large beauty retailers.” The showroom is merely one of a dozen daily touch points, digital and physical, that Glossier has with its fans. That’s the future of retail, according to a new breed of startups that have embraced physical stores as places for “brand experiences” rather than mere sales. Consider Outdoor Voices, an athletic apparel brand that has gained a cultlike following among young, primarily female fitness enthusiasts. The company’s four stores are home base for gatherings like “dog jogs,” community yoga, and brunch parties. As CEO Tyler Haney explained at the TechCrunch event, its stores “are not about revenue, but community.” A statement like that might induce eye rolls from a traditional retail executive. But it’s worth considering in a year when store closings are on pace to break a 20-year record. Macy’s (m), Sears (shld), J.C. Penney (jcp), Staples (spls), and Kmart are all shuttering stores this year. Payless, the Limited Stores, Wet Seal, MC Sports, Gander Mountain, and Rue21 declared bankruptcy in 2017. The retail landscape is so ugly that CEOs are issuing mea culpas about missing the e-commerce wave, as J. Crew’s chief recently did. “If I could go back 10 years, I might have done some things earlier,” Mickey Drexler conceded to the Wall Street Journal. On the flip side is Amazon (amzn), which marked its 20th anniversary as a publicly traded company amid the retail carnage. Famous for defying shareholder expectations to turn a quarterly profit, Amazon has watched its stock price soar since going public in 1997. The company is now worth about $473 billion; more than Walmart Stores, CVS Health, Walgreens, and Target combined. The behemoth has opened seven physical bookstores with plans for convenience, electronics, grocery, and home-goods shops. In the middle of it all are the upstarts, among them Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Warby Parker, Harry’s, Bonobos, Rent the Runway, Everlane, and Cuyana. They are leveraging newly available real estate to experiment with boutiques, showrooms, and pop-up shops. Using physical spaces to build offline community has another advantage: It’s one place where Amazon doesn’t care to compete. The company’s sensor-packed Amazon Go convenience stores, set to open later this year, won’t even have cashiers.   A version of this article appears in the June 15, 2017 issue of Fortune with the headline "You'll Laugh! Cry! (Maybe Buy.)." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Tesla Motors, 19 Other Companies Join Fortune 500 For First Time 6/8/2017 8:22 AM ET Tesla joins other 19 companies to be in Fortune magazine's annual list of America's top 500 companies for the first time. Of these 20 new companies, six were the result of recent splits or spinoffs, while three were founded more than 100 years ago. Two others were created just last year. Elon Musk's electric car startup finally made to the list with a rank of 383 after growing sales by 73% last year. Tesla is worth more than both General Motors and Ford in stock market value, but it still makes far less in sales than the traditional automakers. Hewlett Packard Enterprise, the data center and cloud services business split from Hewlett-Packard, was ranked at 59, while Alcoa, which produces aluminum since 1888, reached at 300. Alcoa's core smelting and aluminum refining business was spun off last year from the parent company, now called Arconic. Synchrony Financial, spun off from General Electric in 2015, lands on the list at No. 185. Nvidia, which makes graphics chips used in everything from Apple computers to Tesla's self-driving car technology, is at 387. Walmart tops the Fortune 500 list, which has been a measure of the country's most valuable businesses since it first came out in 1955. The retail behemoth has been holding the spot for five years in a row. Berkshire Hathaway comes in the second spot, and Apple is in third. Meanwhile, 15 companies fell from the Fortune 500 this year, while some others including Baxalta and Time Warner Cable were acquired by other companies. This year's bar was of at least $5.1 billion in annual revenue. This year, the combined total revenue of all 500 companies in the list reaches $12.1 trillion, 65 percent of the U.S. GDP. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News 10 Worst Cyber Attacks Europe's 10 Hottest Housing Markets 10 Most Stable Nations On Earth Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories Microsoft To Buy Cybersecurity Firm Hexadite European Shares Seen Up As Pound And Euro Weaken Gainers & Losers Of June 8: ANAB, INO, SCLN, NLNK, JUNO... China's Inflation At 4-Month High; Producer Price Inflation Eases Asian Markets Mostly Higher D-Day For CHRS, ENDP Pained, FDA Lifts Clinical Hold On INO's VGX-3100 Trial Nasdaq Reaches New Record High Despite Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Iranian Foreign Minister Rips White House Response To Terror Attack Comey: Mueller Will Make Determination On Obstruction Charge Against Trump Stocks Continue To Turn In A Lackluster Performance - U.S. Commentary Joe's Crab Shack Parent Files For Bankruptcy Honda Aims To Introduce Autonomous Cars By 2025 Draghi Seeks Patience As ECB Tiptoes To Tapering Stocks Showing Little Change As Comey Testifies - U.S. Commentary Trump's Approval Rating Hits Record Low In New Poll <<Previous        89 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Toyota Drops Last Stake In Tesla Tesla Has Reputation As Dangerous Place To Work Lyndon Rive, Former SolarCity CEO, To Leave Tesla Tesla Climbs Well Off Worst Levels But Remains In Negative Territory Tesla Begins Selling Roof Solar Panels Trade TSLA now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Microsoft To Buy Cybersecurity Firm Hexadite Joe's Crab Shack Parent Files For Bankruptcy Honda Aims To Introduce Autonomous Cars By 2025 London Apologizes For Issuing Parking Fines To Those Caught In Terrorist Attack Honest Co. Settles False Advertising Case Tesla Motors, 19 Other Companies Join Fortune 500 For First Time Now's The Time: Mortgage Demand Surges Amid Low Interest Rates EWG Names Worst Sunscreen For Kids Best Western Testing Voice Devices In Rooms Popeyes Has Cookie-Coated Chicken RealReal Scores $50 Mln In VC Financing Sears Closing Dozens More Stores AMGN Finds New Use For Old Drug, NLNK Disappointed, ECYT Cuts Workforce London Apologizes For Issuing Parking Fines To Those Caught In Terrorist Attack Gainers & Losers Of June 5: LOXO, CLSN, RDUS, GLYC, JUNO... HD Supply Holdings Q1 Profit Up, Signs To Sell Waterworks Unit To Clayton Gainers & Losers Of June 6: VTL, EGLT, AMRI, AGLE, CRVS... Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela Gainers & Losers Of June 7: NH, CRUS, PTCT, ANAB, ACRX... FDA Panel To Review PTCT's Translarna, CTIC Plunges On Offering, NNVC Abuzz BNY Mellon Names Bridget Engle Chief Information Officer, Effective June 8 Pfizer Gets FDA Fast Track Designation For Tafamidis For TTR-CM ABBV Hits A High Note, AGN Opens Wallet, TEVA's HALO Does An Encore The Next Generation May Never Learn To Drive Trump Proposes Privatization Of Air Traffic Control System Joe's Crab Shack Parent Files For Bankruptcy Puma Biotechnology Holding On To Strong Gain In Afternoon Trading MorphoSys Presents Data Of MOR208 In Combination With Lenalidomide Weyerhaeuser To Sell Timberlands & Manufacturing Unit In Uruguay For $402.5 Mln Changyou.com Increases Q2 Outlook - Quick Facts Security Firm Files Anti-Trust Case Against Microsoft In Europe Green Dot Moves Higher On Report Of Partnership With Apple Major Airline Ending Flights To Venezuela Pfizer Gets FDA Fast Track Designation For Tafamidis For TTR-CM Novartis' Tasigna Gets EU Approval For Inclusion Of TFR Data In Product Label EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of ModusLink Global Solutions, Inc. Q3 Earnings Report Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Terra Tech Corp. June 08, 2017 08:30 ET Terra Tech Corp. CEO Selected as Panelist at Upcoming Industry Conferences Derek Peterson to participate at the Cannabis World Congress & Business Expo and the Marcum Microcap Conference on June 15, 2017 IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - June 08, 2017) - Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) ("Terra Tech" or the "Company"), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company, today announced its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Derek Peterson, has been chosen as a panelist at both the Cannabis World Congress & Business Expo, and the 6th Annual Marcum Microcap Conference, to be held on Thursday, June 15, 2017 in New York City. Mr. Derek Peterson, Chief Executive Officer of Terra Tech, commented, "Terra Tech has positioned itself to harness the growth in the legal cannabis market by establishing cultivation, extraction and retail operations across both the California and Nevada markets. As a result of the breadth of our operations, we have deep insight into the various complexities of the cannabis market, as well as keen awareness of the opportunities for innovative companies in the space. I am honored to be asked to speak about the future of cannabis at these conferences in order to increase Terra Tech's exposure to investors, media and other key players in the industry." At the 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference, Mr. Peterson will speak on the panel "Up in Smoke? How to Invest in the Cannabis Industry" at 2:00PM Eastern Time on Thursday, June 15, 2017. The panelists will discuss the opportunities, the financial and legal hurdles, and the outlook for the cannabis industry under the new administration. Mr. Peterson will also deliver a presentation about Terra Tech Corp. at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time the same day, which will offer the investment community an opportunity to hear the company's business methodologies and latest corporate achievements, as well as the Company's near and long term outlook. The presentation will be webcast live at http://wsw.com/webcast/marcum5/trtc or via the Company's website at http://ir.terratechcorp.com/ir-calendar At The Cannabis World Congress & Business Expo, Mr. Peterson will speak on the panel "Finding Rewards in a Risky Environment" at 10:00AM Eastern Time on Thursday, June 15, 2017. Throughout this session, the panelists will discuss opportunities that are currently in the marketplace as well as those on the horizon while navigating uncertainty in the market. To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTCQX: TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, and MediFarm LLC. Blüm's retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley's, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech's MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/ For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/ For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/ Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp Follow us on Instagram @socal_IVXX For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/ Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend" and similar expressions, as they relate to the company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in Terra Tech Corp.'s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to Terra Tech Corp.'s (i) product demand, market and customer acceptance of its equipment and other goods, (ii) ability to obtain financing to expand its operations, (iii) ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (iv) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (v) ability to integrate GrowOp Technology Ltd. into its operations as a reporting issuer with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (vi) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Terra Tech Corp.'s website does not constitute a part of this release. Contact Information Contact Philip Carlson KCSA Strategic Communications TRTC@kcsa.com 212-896-1238 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Terra Tech Corp. From this industry Agriculture Medical and Healthcare Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Equipment and Supplies Farming Drugs Biotech Alternative See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 3:00 A.M. ET Dollar rises, pound hits 7-week low as U.K. heads for ‘hung parliament’ 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab 6/08 Updated 2 police officers struck by pickup in Washington D.C. 6/08 Amazon set to get India’s approval for online grocery deliveries 6/08 Nikkei returns to 20,000 as Asian markets warily eye U.K. election 6/08 Updated What will U.K. election result mean for Brexit? 6/08 U.K. stock futures slide as election points to hung parliament 6/08 Updated Pound tumbles to 7-week low as U.K. exit poll points to hung parliament Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Terra Tech Corp. CEO Selected as Panelist at Upcoming Industry Conferences By Published: June 8, 2017 8:30 a.m. ET Share Jun 08, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Derek Peterson to participate at the Cannabis World Congress & Business Expo and the Marcum Microcap Conference on June 15, 2017 IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - June 08, 2017) - Terra Tech Corp. (otcqx:TRTC) ("Terra Tech" or the "Company"), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company, today announced its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Derek Peterson, has been chosen as a panelist at both the Cannabis World Congress & Business Expo, and the 6th Annual Marcum Microcap Conference, to be held on Thursday, June 15, 2017 in New York City. Mr. Derek Peterson, Chief Executive Officer of Terra Tech, commented, "Terra Tech has positioned itself to harness the growth in the legal cannabis market by establishing cultivation, extraction and retail operations across both the California and Nevada markets. As a result of the breadth of our operations, we have deep insight into the various complexities of the cannabis market, as well as keen awareness of the opportunities for innovative companies in the space. I am honored to be asked to speak about the future of cannabis at these conferences in order to increase Terra Tech's exposure to investors, media and other key players in the industry." At the 2017 Marcum Microcap Conference, Mr. Peterson will speak on the panel "Up in Smoke? How to Invest in the Cannabis Industry" at 2:00PM Eastern Time on Thursday, June 15, 2017. The panelists will discuss the opportunities, the financial and legal hurdles, and the outlook for the cannabis industry under the new administration. Mr. Peterson will also deliver a presentation about Terra Tech Corp. at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time the same day, which will offer the investment community an opportunity to hear the company's business methodologies and latest corporate achievements, as well as the Company's near and long term outlook. The presentation will be webcast live at http://wsw.com/webcast/marcum5/trtc or via the Company's website at http://ir.terratechcorp.com/ir-calendar At The Cannabis World Congress & Business Expo, Mr. Peterson will speak on the panel "Finding Rewards in a Risky Environment" at 10:00AM Eastern Time on Thursday, June 15, 2017. Throughout this session, the panelists will discuss opportunities that are currently in the marketplace as well as those on the horizon while navigating uncertainty in the market. To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (otcqx:TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, and MediFarm LLC. Blüm's retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Edible Garden, cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley's, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech's MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. For more information about Terra Tech Corp visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/ For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/ For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/ Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp Follow us on Instagram @socal_IVXX For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/ Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend" and similar expressions, as they relate to the company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in Terra Tech Corp.'s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to Terra Tech Corp.'s (i) product demand, market and customer acceptance of its equipment and other goods, (ii) ability to obtain financing to expand its operations, (iii) ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (iv) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (v) ability to integrate GrowOp Technology Ltd. into its operations as a reporting issuer with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (vi) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Terra Tech Corp.'s website does not constitute a part of this release. Contact Philip Carlson KCSA Strategic Communications TRTC@kcsa.com 212-896-1238 © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. From MarketWatch More Coverage Investors conclude Trump won’t be impeached, and the smart money dumps gold ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials RealStories PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 8 Jun 2017 Related Links Hampleton Partners homepage Categories FinancialServices IT Release Feed RSS FeedHampleton Partners Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release Hampleton Partners Advises on the Sale of DOCUFY to Heidelberg LONDON, UK – Hampleton Partners, an international mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance advisory firm for technology companies, has advised DOCUFY GmbH, a German software manufacturer and a service provider for technical documentation, on its acquisition by Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, a German precision printing company. “We are delighted to have advised on this transaction,” said Miro Parizek, Principal Partner at Hampleton. “Our great team of experienced executives achieved this through leveraging their strategic-focused capabilities in IT. This is yet another great example of Hampleton’s dedicated expertise and how we apply proven experience to execute an optimal transaction.” “Hampleton helped us to find a partner that is clearly a great fit for us, and one we hadn’t considered ourselves,” said Uwe Reissenweber, DOCUFY’S Founder and Managing Director. “Heidelberg has a great reputation in Germany as an important industrial player, however, I was not aware of their vision of the digital factory and the investment they have made into developing that business unit.” Reissenweber added, “I very much look forward to being part of Heidelberg with its resources, vision and agility to respond to the requirements of Industry 4.0, and to drive further the international expansion of DOCUFY. I also look forward to joining Heidelberg management and supporting the growth of their digital business unit.” “With the takeover of DOCUFY, we are gradually implementing our strategy ‘Heidelberg goes digital!’. But the investment in the growth market of digital product life cycle management will also strengthen our own competitiveness,” says Rainer Hundsdörfer, CEO of Heidelberg. “This transaction illustrates the continuing trend of traditional companies expanding into technology based industries via M&A. Other examples include Walmart’s purchase of Jet.com for $3 billion and Unilever’s acquisition of Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion,” added Mr. Parizek. The engagement was led by Axel Brill with David Riemenschneider and Nicholas Milligan rounding out the transaction team for Hampleton. The expert team uses a proven methodical, structured and open approach to M&A that creates multiple options leading to the most rewarding transactions. About Hampleton Hampleton is an international M&A and corporate finance advisory firm with offices in London, Frankfurt and San Francisco. The firm’s core offering is advisory services in the sale of companies or significant equity stakes of enterprises in its focus areas: Automotive Technology, IoT, E-Commerce, Digital Marketing, Enterprise Software, Fintech, IT Services, SaaS and Cloud Services. Hampleton was established with the purpose of assuring its clients the greatest likelihood of success; providing the broadest international scope available coupled with the highest degree and quality of service locally. For more information about Hampleton visit: http://www.hampletonpartners.com About DOCUFY DOCUFY is a leading software producer and service provider for multi-level documentation systems. Based on their software solutions for technical documentation, DOCUFY created products that opens up the potential of their clients content on all levels. They are experts in solutions for documentation processes, so their technical documentation will make the greatest contribution to their clients business success. For more information about DOCUFY please visit https://www.docufy.de/en/ About Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG Heidelberger Druckmaschinen is a Germany-based manufacturer of offset printing presses sold globally. The company has a worldwide market share of more than 47% in this area and is the largest global manufacturer of printing presses. Sheet-fed offset printing is used predominantly for high-quality, multi-colour products, such as catalogues, calendars, posters, and labels. Heidelberg produces equipment for prepress, press and postpress, and is the only company in the world that does so. For more information about Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG please visit https://www.heidelberg.com/global/en/index.jsp Hampleton Partners Contact Andrea Deutschmanek Head of Marketing andrea@hampletonpartners.com +44 203 728 6915 Media Contact Zarna Patel Montieth & Company zpatel@montiethco.com +44 075 210 64996 Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2017 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
Thursday June 08 2017 8:42 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     State businesses join, pay for Gov. Brown’s China trip June 08, 2017, 05:00 AM By Kathleen Ronayne The Associated SACRAMENTO — Gov. Jerry Brown has company on his trip to China to further his climate change agenda: About 30 California business leaders are along for the ride to support Brown’s policies and build their own business deals. The business delegation is led by the Bay Area Council business advocacy organization and includes executives at transportation and energy companies, public utility leaders, academics, investors and a top executive of the San Francisco International Airport. Most paid a fee of about $5,500 on top of their travel costs to attend four days of events, including multiple private dinners and receptions with Brown, a clean energy ministerial and meetings with Chinese business and political leaders. Brown’s office declined to provide an estimate on the trip cost’s for him and staff members being paid for by a nonprofit group that takes private donations. “The purpose of this is really to enable California to play a global role on an issue that’s of huge global consequence,” said Jim Wunderman, president of the Bay Area Council, which helps run California’s trade office in China. “The governor showed a lot of appreciation about having fellow Californians take the time to go to China just for a few days.” Brown’s five-day trip, which ends Thursday, has generated heightened media and political attention following President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. Brown has pledged California’s support to continue meeting emission reduction goals laid out in the international accord. He signed a new agreement this week with China aimed at boosting green technology. It’s his second trip to China. A 2013 visit was paid for by Bay Area Council delegates. But this time, a different group of businesses is paying for the visit for Brown and four of his staff members. The nonprofit California State Protocol Foundation collects private donations to fund travel and other expenses for the state’s governors, with the goal of eliminating costs to taxpayers. Donations to the foundation to support Brown’s activities must be regularly disclosed. Documents show labor unions, a physicians group and businesses such as Walmart gave between $25,000 and $100,000 to the foundation in 2016 to pay for Brown’s travel, meals and other activities. Oakland developer John Protopappas, a longtime friend of Brown’s, serves as the foundation’s president. Tom Willis, an attorney for the nonprofit group, said donations were not solicited specifically for the China trip. Donations in 2017 will eventually be disclosed but are not available yet. Brown spokesman Gareth Lacy said no cost amount for the trip or estimate would be provided until the governor returns from China. Willis, of the non-profit, said he also doesn’t know the cost of the trip because Brown’s office hasn’t asked for any money yet. Ethics experts say while there’s nothing illegal or wrong with using private funds to pay for the trip or letting business executives tag along it still raises questions about who gets access to the governor. “Any elected official hears more about the hopes and dreams and concerns of those who can pay to fund trips and spend time with him,” said Jessica Levinson, a professor who studies government and ethics at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. But, she said, taxpayers may prefer for Brown to cover the costs without their money. “Jerry Brown’s going to go on this trip, and either I’m going to pay for it as a taxpayer or corporate interests are going to pay for it,” she said. While in China, Brown has met with leaders in the Sichuan and Jiangsu provinces and in Beijing, and delivered remarks at various forums. Remarks on the California-China Climate Partnership at Tsinghau University early Thursday mark Brown’s final event of the trip. Executives traveling with the Bay Area Council dined with Brown on Tuesday evening and attended a Wednesday reception with the governor and Beijing Mayor Cai Qi. Its executives traveled separately from Brown and most will return Friday. The council hosted last year’s Clean Energy Ministerial in San Francisco and is developing partnerships in China. “We think that working with China is a good economic strategy, particularly around clean energy,” Wunderman said. Also traveling alongside Brown are California Energy Commission Chairman Bob Weisenmiller, California Air Resources Board Chair Mary Nichols and several members of their staff. Their travel is paid for by the Energy Foundation, a nonprofit group that awards grants focused on clean energy. Eric Jaffe, senior manager of strategic communications for the foundation, did not immediately respond to a telephone message seeking comment on the cost to send those California officials to China.     Tags: china, brown, brown, energy, california, business, Other stories from today: Driven by hunger: Police rescue bear cub trapped in car State businesses join, pay for Gov. Brown’s China trip In the room with Comey and Trump: Two alpha males face off     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   The Warriors will ... Win the NBA title in game four Friday Win the NBA title in game five Monday Win the NBA title in game six next Thursday Win the NBA title in game seven next Sunday Lose the NBA title                             Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County order to show cause  
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Follow us Mobile Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account News Music Arts Food & Drink Film Sex & Love Columns Blogs Best of Charlotte CL Events POPS Browse Music Vibes Blog Concert Picks Live Reviews CD Reviews Homebrew Music Listings Features/Interviews Browse News The CLog Blog The Blotter Community Events This Modern World Question the Queen City Browse Arts Visual Arts Performing Arts Book Reviews Comic Afterthoughts Gaming Events Browse Food & Drink Eat My Charlotte Blog Restaurant Listings Restaurant Reviews Recipes Food-Related Events Restaurant Menus Browse Film Features Reviews DVD Reviews Film Clips Free Movie Tickets Browse Sex & Love Bangtown Blog Savage Love Lust List Browse Style Creative Living Style Stalker Browse Blogs The CLog Eat My Charlotte Vibes QC After Dark Bangtown Browse Best of Charlotte 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Browse CL Events Best of Charlotte PARTY Margarita Wars Craft Beer & Burger Festival Browse POPS Pop Voting Browse DNC Du Jour DNC Du Jour Browse Columns Editor's Note Trouble Hunter Give Me Libertad The Provocateur Class Is In Session Vodka Yonic This Week's Cover | Horoscope | Advertising | Classifieds | Fun + Free Stuff | Newsletters Signup June 08, 2017 News & Views » The Blotter Tweet Pin It Submit to Reddit Email Favorite Saving… Share The Blotter: Relationship Problems  Bizzare crime from Charlotte police files (June 7-13) By Ryan Pitkin @pitkin_ryan Proxy War A 26-year-old man filed a police report last week after his ex-girlfriend stole from him through a third party. The man told officers that he and his girlfriend had broken up, but that she needed to get her stuff out of his home in the Belmont neighborhood. Not trusting her to come back into his home, he told her to send a friend to do the job for her. She sent a man to collect her belongings, and while he was there, he stole a $400 laptop and a $400 TV from the victim. Tossed Salad In more troubled relationship news, a 47-year-old woman was attacked by a family member of her boyfriend and couldn't get away even after the suspect was arrested. The woman told police that her boyfriends' niece threw a salad bowl at her, then grabbed a pack of cigarette from her hands. The victim told officers that she ended up with lacerations on her shoulder during the altercation, but wasn't sure how. Police also reported that the suspect attempted to kick the victim even after she had been arrested and was in handcuffs. Next time, just ask nicely for a cigarette. No Fucks Given While shoplifting a single beer is one of the more common crimes seen in the CMPD police reports on a daily basis, two suspects in west Charlotte last week were especially brazen with their theft. According to the report, two men walked into a Compare Foods on Freedom Drive and walked directly to the beer aisle. They picked out a 12-ounce can of Bud Light and opened it, then passed it back and forth right there in the store, drinking it until it was done. When a security officer confronted the men as they walked out of the store, one of the suspects stated that he was going to return to the store and shoot it up, then pushed the guard. Suckered Carolina Panthers lineman Trai Turner has a certain hashtag that he uses regularly on Instagram and Twitter, #Svckafree, which represents the way he lives his life. It looks as though one recent visitor to his home did actually take him for a sucker, however, as the person walked out with more than $10,000 worth of Turner's jewelry. Turner reported that a known suspect stole a gold rope chain with a diamond pendant reading "Svckafree" on it worth $6,000 and a white gold link chain also with a "Svckafree" pendant worth the same amount from his home in north Charlotte. Into the Mist A police officer responded to Eastway Middle School after a kid was put in timeout but decided to have some fun with it. Staffmembers told the officer that a teacher placed the misbehaving child outside of the class by himself — probably not the best idea — in order to cool off. The kid took that "cooling off period" a bit too literally, however, as he then took a fire extinguisher off the wall and sprayed it throughout the hallway before fleeing the scene. After watching the surveillance footage, administrators found the child and he was disciplined further by the school. Bugging Out A 51-year-old man in southwest Charlotte called police after his bizarre threat against the person he lives with didn't carry the weight he thought it would. The man admitted he was arguing with the suspect when he threatened to spray Raid Ant and Roach Killer into the suspect's eyes, "blinding him for life." According to the report, the victim then put down the Raid (big mistake), and the suspect picked up a gun — which can do a hell of a lot more than blind someone for life — and pointed it at the victim. Finding no match for this new threat, the victim picked up his phone and said he was calling police, at which time the suspect drove off and did not return for as long as police were on the scene. Aer-head While spraying aerosol chemicals in someone's face can be seen as a threat to most, for some it's simply leisure. Police responded to a call at a Walmart on North Tryon Street regarding a man who was allegedly hanging out in a car in the parking lot huffing aerosol cans. The suspect was transported to a nearby hospital by Medic, but later signed out against doctor's orders and refused medical treatment. In his defense, it's doubtful he has a great health insurance plan. Cold Blooded A 76-year-old man suffered a scary incident in southwest Charlotte, but perhaps more scary was the realization he was forced to make later that his daughter is evil. The man was transported to the hospital by ambulance during a medical emergency one night, but before he left, he gave his wallet to his adult, live-in daughter for safekeeping. Apparently that was the wrong person to give it to, because when he returned home his daughter was nowhere to be found, and when he checked his bank account he found that someone used his debit card to spend $150. Jacked Up A 64-year-old man in west Charlotte called police last week after someone threw a car jack through his windshield during an argument and then left the scene. The suspect fled before anyone could inform them that that is not the proper use of a car jack. Tweet Pin It Submit to Reddit Email Favorite Saving… Share Speaking of... New Plaza and NoDa Walking Beats Welcomed by Some, Jeered by Others Jun 7, 2017 Who Deserves to be Protected and Served? Jun 7, 2017 The Blotter: Antacid Bandit May 31, 2017 More » Tags: The Blotter, The Blotter, CMPD, bizarre crime, Belmont, Compare Foods, Carolina Panthers, Trai Turner, Eastway Middle School, Raid And and Roach Killer, Walmart Readers also liked… Bizarre crime from Charlotte police files (Nov. 5) Nov 5, 2015 Bizarre crime from Charlotte police files (Nov. 19) Nov 19, 2015 Bizarre crime from Charlotte police files (Jan. 28) Jan 28, 2016 More The Blotter » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Creative Loafing encourages a healthy discussion on its website from all sides of the conversation, but we reserve the right to delete any comments that detract from that. Violence, racism and personal attacks that go beyond the pale will not be tolerated. Subscribe to this thread Latest in The Blotter The Blotter: Antacid Bandit May 31, 2017 The Blotter: Beer By Any Means May 24, 2017 The Blotter: Falling Out May 17, 2017 More » Search Events all events concerts restaurants movie times -All Dates- Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week -------------------- Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 Sunday, June 11 Monday, June 12 Tuesday, June 13 Wednesday, June 14 Thursday, June 15 Friday, June 16 Saturday, June 17 Sunday, June 18 Monday, June 19 Tuesday, June 20 Wednesday, June 21 Thursday, June 22 Friday, June 23 Saturday, June 24 Sunday, June 25 Monday, June 26 Tuesday, June 27 Wednesday, June 28 Thursday, June 29 Friday, June 30 Saturday, July 1 Sunday, July 2 Monday, July 3 Tuesday, July 4 Wednesday, July 5 Thursday, July 6 Friday, July 7 Saturday, July 8 Sunday, July 9 -All Event Categories- ARTS AGENDA   Classical Music   Comedy   Film   Museums   Readings & Signings   Spoken Word   Theater/Dance/Performance Art   Visual Arts COMMUNITY HAPPENINGS   Benefits & Fundraisers   Clubs & Organizations   Family   Festivals/Events   Gay & Lesbian   Health & Fitness   Holiday   Lectures, Classes & Seminars   Nightlife   Sex & Love   Singles   Sports & Recreation   Support Groups   Volunteers/Public Life FOOD & DRINK   Culinary   Wine/Cocktails MUSIC EVENTS   Blues/Roots/International   Classical/Jazz/Smooth   Country/Folk   DJ/Electronic   General   Hip-Hop/Soul/R&B   Pop/Rock -All Dates- Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week -------------------- Friday, June 9 Saturday, June 10 Sunday, June 11 Monday, June 12 Tuesday, June 13 Wednesday, June 14 Thursday, June 15 Friday, June 16 Saturday, June 17 Sunday, June 18 Monday, June 19 Tuesday, June 20 Wednesday, June 21 Thursday, June 22 Friday, June 23 Saturday, June 24 Sunday, June 25 Monday, June 26 Tuesday, June 27 Wednesday, June 28 Thursday, June 29 Friday, June 30 Saturday, July 1 Sunday, July 2 Monday, July 3 Tuesday, July 4 Wednesday, July 5 Thursday, July 6 Friday, July 7 Saturday, July 8 Sunday, July 9 -All Neighborhoods- NORTH CHARLOTTE   Concord/Kannapolis   Cornelius   Dilworth   Huntersville   NoDa   North End   Northlake   University   Davidson   Mooresville SOUTH CHARLOTTE   Ballantyne   Madison Park/Montford   Matthews   SouthPark   Myers Park   South End   Pineville/Hwy 51   Steele Creek   South Charlotte   Cotswold CENTRAL CHARLOTTE   General Charlotte Area   Midtown   Uptown EAST SIDE   East Charlotte   Elizabeth   Plaza Midwood WEST CHARLOTTE   Beatties Ford Road Corridor   FreeMore West   Gastonia   Westside SOUTH CAROLINA   Fort Mill   Rock Hill OUTSIDE CHARLOTTE   Outside Charlotte -All Cuisines-   Afghani   African   American   American, Modern/New   Argentine   Argentinean   Armenian   Asian   Bakery   Bar food   Barbecue   Brazilian   Breakfast   Brew Pubs   British/English   Buffet   Burgers   Cajun/Creole   Cal-Mex   California   Cambodian   Cantonese   Caribbean   Central/South American   Chinese   Colombian   Columbian   Continental   Crepes   Cuban   Deli   Desserts   Diner   Eastern European   Ethiopian   Filipino   Fondue   French   General Dining   German   Greek   Guatemalan   Honduran   Hot dogs   Hunan   Hungarian   Ice cream   Indian   Indian (Northern)   Indian (Southern)   Indonesian   Iranian   Iraqi   Irish   Israeli   Italian   Italian (Northern)   Italian (Southern)   Jamaican   Japanese   Korean   Latino   Lebanese   Mandarin   Mediterranean   Mexican   Middle Eastern   Moroccan   Needs Dining Category   New American   Pakistani   Persian   Peruvian   Phillipino   Pizza   Polish   Portugese   Portuguese   Puerto Rican   Romanian   Russian   Salads   Salvadoran   Sandwiches   Seafood   Serbian   Soul food   Soup   Southern   Southwestern   Spanish   Steak   Stir Fry   Sushi   Szechuan   Tapas   Tex-Mex   Thai   Turkish   Vegan   Vegetarian   Vietnamese   West African -All Neighborhoods- NORTH CHARLOTTE   Concord/Kannapolis   Cornelius   Dilworth   Huntersville   NoDa   North End   Northlake   University   Davidson   Mooresville SOUTH CHARLOTTE   Ballantyne   Madison Park/Montford   Matthews   SouthPark   Myers Park   South End   Pineville/Hwy 51   Steele Creek   South Charlotte   Cotswold CENTRAL CHARLOTTE   General Charlotte Area   Midtown   Uptown EAST SIDE   East Charlotte   Elizabeth   Plaza Midwood WEST CHARLOTTE   Beatties Ford Road Corridor   FreeMore West   Gastonia   Westside SOUTH CAROLINA   Fort Mill   Rock Hill OUTSIDE CHARLOTTE   Outside Charlotte -All Films- Today Saturday, June 10 Sunday, June 11 Monday, June 12 Tuesday, June 13 Wednesday, June 14 Thursday, June 15 » submit an event » browse all events Most Popular Most Shared Most Commented New Plaza and NoDa Walking Beats Welcomed by Some, Jeered by Others CMPD laces up in the hipster havens by Ryan Pitkin | 06.07.17 Greg Schermbeck Is Not All Talk When it Comes to Educational Equality The executor by Ryan Pitkin | 06.07.17 The 10 Scariest People In Charlotte 1 10.24.01 Local organizers fight back as heroin tears through their community 15 Falling out by Ryan Pitkin | 12.02.15 Speak Up magazine gets a second chance Local publication for homeless wins $10,000 grant to continue operation by Keia Mastrianni | 03.27.13 Donating to get paid 5 Plasma centers benefit from slumping economy by Cheris Hodges | 07.30.08 Charlotte's Most Haunted Places 14 Elizabeth, Founders Hall and Spirit Square, Antique Kingdom on Central Avenue by Jared Neumark | 10.25.06 Signs of Life in Gastonia 12 A vibrant cultural scene is taking shape in Charlotte's misunderstood neighbor. No, seriously. by Judy Cole | 10.03.07 Local Brewers Defy the Lily-White Craft Beer Scene 8 Pale ale by Ryan Pitkin | 05.24.17 Photo Galleries Chance the Rapper, PNC Music Pavilion, 6/8/2017 Paul Simon, CMCU Amphitheatre, 6/6/2017 BJ Barham, Visulite Theatre, 5/11/2017 The Sonics, Neighborhood Theatre, 5/19/2017 » more slideshows www.flickr.com More in Creative Loafing Charlotte pool FAQs | Info | Advertising | Archives | Jobs | About Us | Submit a Listing | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Staff | RSS | National Advertising © 2017 Womack Newspapers, Inc. Powered by Foundation
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments3 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wellness Perspective Perspective Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Are there really antioxidants in that juice? How to protect against food fraud. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it (Getty Images) By Cara Rosenbloom By Cara Rosenbloom June 8 at 7:00 AM What if you discovered that your honey jar was filled with high-fructose corn syrup? Or your expensive extra virgin olive oil was actually cheap swill? Would you still eat your organic grapes if you found out that they weren’t actually organic? You’re probably hoping these are just rhetorical questions, and not ones you need to worry about. Regrettably, they are examples of food fraud that are perpetrated on unsuspecting Americans. The global food industry loses $10 billion to $15 billion per year through food substitutions, dilutions and fake labels, according to the Grocery Manufacturers Association. Food fraud affects about 10 percent of all commercially sold food products, but there are ways to protect yourself. What is food fraud? Food fraud is defined as the deliberate and intentional substitution, addition, tampering, or misrepresentation of food, ingredients or packaging; or false or misleading statements made about a food, for economic gain. 1 of 30 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × 30 mouth-watering recipes approved by health experts View Photos Dietitian Ellie Krieger, Nourish Schools co-founder Casey Seidenberg and certified health education specialist Elaine Gordon offer picks for everything from breakfast to dessert. Caption Dietitian Ellie Krieger, Nourish Schools co-founder Casey Seidenberg and certified health education specialist Elaine Gordon offer picks for everything from breakfast to dessert.  Homemade Turkey Sausage Breakfast Sandwiches You can serve the patties just as you would other breakfast sausage but here they star as a perfect protein for these tasty sandwiches, stacked on whole-grain English muffins. Find the recipe here. Deb Lindsey/For The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. [The labels said ‘organic.’ But these imports of corn and soybeans weren’t.] This could mean watering down orange juice or adding cellulose, an additive made from wood pulp, to grated Parmesan cheese. Most food fraud cases involve the substitution of a high-value product with a lower quality alternative, for the purpose of making money. According to the USP Food Fraud Database, products that may be fraudulent include oils, milk, spices, fruit juice, seafood and sweeteners like honey and maple syrup. John Spink, director of the Food Fraud Initiative at Michigan State University, explains that consumers typically get ripped off in one of these three ways: • They buy luxury goods, such as expensive olive oil, wine or cheese, that are counterfeit. • They buy products with proposed health benefits, like antioxidant-rich pomegranate juice, that have little or no active ingredient. • They buy organic or non-GMO foods that are actually conventionally grown products that have been fraudulently labeled. The vast majority of fraud incidents do not pose a public health risk, Spink says. The harm in most cases is that you’re not getting what you paid for. “When consumers learn that they’ve been duped, they get a deep feeling of violation and outrage,” he says. In a small number of cases, there is the potential for harm. Consider the substitution of extra virgin olive oil with cheaper nut oils, which could be problematic for people with food allergies. And there have been countless cases of people getting sick from the bait-and switch of white tuna for cheaper escolar, a bottom-feeder fish that’s full of a waxy substance that is indigestible by humans. It can lead to severe gastrointestinal distress (it’s known as the “Ex-Lax fish” — enough said). In a nationwide study of seafood fraud, researchers found that 84 percent of the white tuna samples were actually escolar. What can you do about it? “No legitimate company’s business strategy is to break the law,” Spink says. “The corporation may not condone the fraud, but someone in the company does.” You can help protect yourself from being a victim of food fraud by starting with this list of five questions, adapted from the Food Fraud Initiative: 1. What is the product? Be on alert when buying oils, dairy foods, spices, fruit juice and fish. 2. Can you distinguish quality? If you’ve had real Parmesan cheese or maple syrup, you can tell when the consistency or flavor is off. If the price is too good to be true ($3.99 for a 750 milliliter or 25 ounce bottle of extra virgin olive oil), then it’s likely fake. 3. Do you have a trusted supplier or retailer relationship? Buying from a reputable grocery store is a good first step and offers more protection than an alternative retailer, like a flea market. Remember: It’s harder to buy fakes when you’re looking at whole and unprocessed products. For example, choose whole instead of ground spices, and brick instead of grated cheese. 4. Are you shopping online? If so, make sure it’s a reputable and recognizable supplier (such as Publix or Walmart), rather than a basement-run shop. 5. Did you do something about it? If you think something is wrong, complain! Tell the retailer and brand owner about the problem, and keep a sample for testing. Federal agencies address food fraud through food safety, defense and quality authorities. The Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Agriculture Department are the principle agencies that work to protect the food supply. But often, cognizant consumer are the whistleblowers. Sophisticated methods of reducing food fraud are on the horizon. One technology with much promise is DNA bar-coding, which allows researchers to identify any species by its genetic makeup — so fish, meat and fresh produce could be assessed. Some restaurants and grocery stores are committed to working only with suppliers that use DNA bar-coding to identify their meat and seafood species. And soon consumers may be able to use smartphone bar-coding apps to test their own food. “DNA coding is too expensive for consumers to do now, but it may eventually be an option,” Spink says. Registered dietitian Cara Rosenbloom is president of Words to Eat By, a nutrition communications company specializing in writing, nutrition education and recipe development. She is the co-author of “Nourish: Whole Food Recipes Featuring Seeds, Nuts and Beans.” More from Lifestyle: Subway fires back with its own study to prove its chicken is chicken Eat more seafood for your health, right? Actually, it’s not that simple. Scientists tested seafood at six D.C. restaurants. It didn’t always match the menu. Why American wine labels aren’t as specific as they could be lifestyle wellness true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 3 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 3 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Analysis The Trump Internet was pretty thrilled with the Comey hearing 2 Stephen Colbert dishes on James Comey’s testimony: ‘There’s a lot of weird stuff’ 3 Perspective The Comey hearing was Washington’s great fashion show of 2017 — and Comey dressed like its star 4 CMT Music Awards: Best and worst moments; Keith Urban steals the show 5 Perspective Carolyn Hax: Take a general step to try to bring friendship back to life The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe lifestyle wellness Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing
CLOSE X Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Fri 9 Jun news politics BUSINESS Business Report Personal Finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel SUBSCRIBE special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL motoring Motoring All Motoring Latest launches | Road tests | F1 | Motorsport | Bikes | 4x4 | Special Features | Industry news | Prices & Specs | Trucks | Advertisement Toyota ranked top motor company in worldwide brand survey Motoring | 8 June 2017, 12:42pm Motoring Staff London - Toyota has been ranked the top motor company in the annual BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands Study. This marks the ninth time that Toyota has topped the automotive category in the report's 12-year history. Tell a friend Conducted by market research firm Millward Brown, the study lists values for the world's largest corporations by considering brand saliency, taking into account how brands resonate with buyers, and whether they offer the benefit of different and trendsetting products and features. Along with being the top automotive company Toyota ranked 30th overall amongst all segments – right between Louis Vuitton and Walmart – with a brand value of $28.7-billion. BMW was the second-highest ranked automotive company in the survey with a brand value of $24.5-billion, ahead of Mercedes-Benz ($23.5-billion), Ford ($13-billion), Honda ($12.1-billion), Nissan ($11.3-billion), and Audi ($9.4-billion). Technology giants Google ($245.6-billion), Apple ($234.7-billion), Microsoft ($143.2-billion), Amazon ($139.3-billion) and Facebook ($129.8-billion) took the overall top five places in this year's survey. See the full list here Tell a friend Most Read 1 'We no longer believe in Zuma's leadership abilities' 2 Turbulence causes mid-air panic on Kulula flight to Cape Town 3 #JohannBotha shot and killed in Joburg robbery 4 #GE2017 - a disastrous night for Theresa May 5 Heavily drugged teen sex slave's mom: 'I have been looking for her' Advertisement X COMPANY About IOL Contact us Feedback Follow us on EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel LISTINGS & MORE Newspapers Classifieds Careers Community Weather IOL IN YOUR INBOX Sign up to receive breaking news in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Egypt Independent Egypt Features World Middle East Business Science Culture Life & Style Business Economy Amazon lent $1 billion to merchants to boost sales on its marketplace SamiraMahmoud June 8, 2017 12:04 pm Traditional lenders shied away from small merchants after the 2008 financial crisis, which had created an opening for other sources of financing while exposing Amazon to additional credit risk Amazon.com Inc has stepped up lending to third-party sellers on its site who are looking to grow their business, a company executive said in an interview on Wednesday. The e-commerce giant has doled out more than $1 billion in small loans to sellers in the past 12 months, compared with more than $1.5 billion it lent from 2011 through 2015, said Peeyush Nahar, vice president for Amazon Marketplace. Sellers have used the money to expand their inventory or discount items on Amazon, he said. Boosting sales for third-party merchants is lucrative for Amazon, which takes a cut of transactions on its site. It also has made a business out of handling more leg work for sellers, too. They pay Amazon to fulfill their orders and boost their placement in search results, without which sellers might struggle to grab shoppers’ attention. More than 20,000 small businesses have received a loan from Amazon and more than half of those have taken a second loan from the company, it said. Loans range from $1,000 to $750,000. Sellers have said interest rates are between 6 percent and 14 percent. Rivals, including eBay Inc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc, now are doubling down on their marketplace businesses, but loans may help keep sellers close to Amazon’s orbit. “We do tell them it’s to help them grow on the Amazon Marketplace,” Nahar said. Related Stories Tablet market extends slide as consumer habits shift Traditional lenders shied away from small merchants after the 2008 financial crisis, which created an opening for other sources of financing. While this exposes Amazon to additional credit risk, the company has near real-time data on sellers’ businesses and access to their customer reviews, which are helpful in deciding whether to make a loan. The loan program is invitation-only. Amazon has issued loans to sellers in the United States, United Kingdom and Japan. The company has said it would expand to other countries where it operates marketplaces, such as Canada, France and China. On the rollout’s timing, Nahar said, “Stay tuned.”   Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Bill Trott; Reuters Recommendations US Embassy in Cairo warns of possible attacks on religious sites in Egypt 3 days ago Egypt authorizes Greece to sponsor Egyptians expats in Qatar 3 days ago Video | Jazeera takes Emir of Qatar speech off air after few seconds 3 days ago Khaled Ali files lawsuit to dissolve Parliament over Red Sea islands case 3 days ago Severing ties with Qatar: reasons and procedures 4 days ago Fate of 300,000 Egyptian expats in Qatar still unknown 4 days ago Egypt’s Al-Azhar admits Christian dental resident for first time 5 days ago Tags 2008 financial crisis Amazon.com Inc company executive credit risk e-financing ecommerce business third-party sellers Traditional lenders Related Stories Technology Isolation by the West fuels a tech startup boom in Iran Science Controversial burger commercial triggers Google Home devices Business CNN: Amazon buys Souq in big play for Middle East market About Advertise Contact Us Copyrights Privacy Terms Rss All rights reserved, Al-Masry Al-Youm. 2017
skip to main content Your Source for NPR News Site Menu DONATE Menu Regional News Broadcast Schedule Program Schedule Public Radio Presents Schedule Tuned to Yesterday Schedule Local Programming Campbell Conversations Community Forum Series HealthLink on Air New York in the World Take Care Tuned to Yesterday All Programs Podcasts Campbell Conversations From the Soil with Sollecito Nature of Things with John Weeks Planning for the Future The Strategic Minute Take Care Tuned to Yesterday Tuned to Yesterday Dialer Events All Events Event Calendar Submit an Event Summer Destinations Support How to support WRVO Become an Underwriter Car Donation Program Cornerstone Society Donate MemberCard Sustaining Program Volunteer About Us About WRVO Public Media Announcements Transmitter Status Mobile Streaming Contact Us Directions Email Newsletters Programs Weather Our Staff Employment Internships Facebook Twitter Awards Search WRVO Public Media WRVO Public Media WRVO-2: PRX Remix WRVO-3: BBC World Service Menu Regional News Broadcast Schedule Program Schedule Public Radio Presents Schedule Tuned to Yesterday Schedule Local Programming Campbell Conversations Community Forum Series HealthLink on Air New York in the World Take Care Tuned to Yesterday All Programs Podcasts Campbell Conversations From the Soil with Sollecito Nature of Things with John Weeks Planning for the Future The Strategic Minute Take Care Tuned to Yesterday Tuned to Yesterday Dialer Events All Events Event Calendar Submit an Event Summer Destinations Support How to support WRVO Become an Underwriter Car Donation Program Cornerstone Society Donate MemberCard Sustaining Program Volunteer About Us About WRVO Public Media Announcements Transmitter Status Mobile Streaming Contact Us Directions Email Newsletters Programs Weather Our Staff Employment Internships Facebook Twitter Awards Search Related Program:  Morning Edition First-of-its kind drone test at Griffiss a 'success' By Payne Horning • 20 hours ago Related Program:  Morning Edition TweetShareGoogle+Email Tony Basil with NUAIR Alliance, the nonprofit coalition of private and public organizations overseeing drone testing at Griffiss International Airport, watches as his team flies four remotely piloted machines simultaneously, a first. Payne Horning / WRVO News NASA participated in a drone demonstration Wednesday at the Griffiss International Airport, which those involved in the test say was a milestone for their work and the future of the drone industry. Listen Listening... / 2:06 It marked the first time that Griffiss simultaneously flew four remotely piloted machines from a command center. The airport is one of seven FAA-sponsored test sites for commercial drones in the nation. They were able to avoid any crashes thanks to the latest version of an air traffic management software that NASA is developing. Tony Basil, with NUAIR Alliance, the nonprofit coalition of private and public organizations overseeing the Griffiss drone testing, called that one of the touchdowns of the day. "It validates that we're on the right track and they're closing in on the solution," Basil said.  Griffiss International Airport pilot Chuck Hereth flies a commercial drone remotely from the command center. Credit Payne Horning / WRVO News Chuck Hereth was one of the pilots at the demonstration, and is a flight instructor at Griffiss. He says today's test was one step in the federal government's long-term project of trying to get drones and planes in the same space. "What would the rules look like for that? How are we going to make the safety case that these things can operate and coexist with manned aircraft at an airport," Hereth said.  Over the next few years, NUAIR will send the drones farther away with the new central New York drone corridor that connects Griffiss with the Hancock International Airport in Syracuse. They also plan on testing the latest fixes for issues that are preventing wide-spread usage of drones. Basil says they're currently trying to perfect the ability of drones to respond to unexpected barriers in their flight path. "WalMart makes a delivery down the road here and it’s going to go 5 miles to somebody’s house. If a crane pops up putting up a building halfway in between, first you have to detect that that’s happened and then you have to have the ability to actually control it," Basil said. "Most of these aircraft - the control link can not be sufficient to still make it stop, turn, climb, whatever to get around that crane. So we will have a ways to go." Tags:  drones Griffiss International Airport Rome NUAIR NASA Hancock International Airport regional news TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Central New York drone corridor will help develop unmanned aircrafts By Ellen Abbott • Dec 7, 2016 David Rodriguez Martin / via Flickr Listen Listening... / 2:15 A 50-mile drone corridor from Rome to Syracuse will be the center of the burgeoning unmanned aircraft systems industry in central New York.  Cuomo announces $30 million airstrip for drone traffic testing in central NY By Tom Magnarelli • Nov 11, 2016 Tom Magnarelli / WRVO News Listen Listening... / 1:25 Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced a $30 million dollar airstrip that will test unmanned aircraft or drones will be built in central New York. The flight traffic management system is part of an overall push to drive the drone industry into the region. New FAA drone rules could boost commercial use By Sasha-Ann Simons • Aug 11, 2016 Sasha-Ann Simons / WXXI News On a cloudy summer morning, Rochester Institute of Technology professor Carl Salvaggio and a student from the school’s Center for Imaging Science stood in an open Pittsford field, eyes fixed on the sky. They were flying an unmanned aircraft system — also known as a drone — with the help of a longtime pilot. © 2017 WRVO Public Media
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now SmithField Foods Says Now is the Time to Pump More Money Into Sustainability June 8, 2017June 8, 2017 by Ken Silverstein SmithField Foods has 45 processing facilities and 1,600 farms with which it contracts. The environment, food safety and animal care are pillars of the pork-maker’s corporate mission. It has goals, process and procedures to ensure each is given its highest level of attention. “We look at the broader value our efforts bring about. The dollars are soft. But there is a bottom line impact: People, planet and profit are alive within SmithField,” William Gill, vice president of environmental affairs at SmithField Foods, told an Environmental Leader audience. “The way our pillars work together brings everyone into sustainability.” For example, it has a significant amount of byproduct in the form of manure. It uses an anaerobic digester that breaks it down to form a biogas, which is then combusted to create electricity and heat. It can also be processed into a natural gas and moved along the pipelines.  He says that the food maker’s customers want greenhouse gas goals in place. Who are they? The guys at WalMart and McDonalds, to name two. Both are deeply committed to sustainability and are demanding that their supply chains meet certain goals. Recently SmithField said it would improve its greenhouse gas goals by 25% by 2025. Regarding the anaerobic digester, “If we can take that and convert to energy, we get a 20-fold improvement … If people turn away from because of the way we do business, we will look at that.” What about the change in presidential administrations? Gill said that the company is pursuing initiatives that are good for it and its customers regardless of who occupies the White House. The Trump administration “is not favorable to the environment and sustainability but it is favorable to business,” says Gill. “The management of our company says we are in a good business climate and we are not in a position of having to worry about whether our managers will cut my budget,” he adds. “We are looking forward to a good business environment. We can easily make sustainability better and now is an opportunity to pump more money into the cause.” Categories Air, Clean Energy, FeatureTags Smithfield Foods Approaches to Managing EHS&S Data Sponsored By: Enablon    Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS    Environmental Leader Product and Project Awards 2017 Sponsored By: Environmental Leader    Video: Expense & Data Management for Complex Payables Sponsored By: Ecova, Inc.    Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Driving Consistency to Support Risk Assessment Aggregation Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars Shaping Your Facility Information Management Strategy to Comply... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS ON DEMAND WEBINARS Shaping Your Facility Information Management Strategy to Comply with the Refinery Flare Rule The EHS Manager’s Priorities in 2017: Predict and Prevent From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the Redundancies and Inefficiencies of Independent EHS Systems What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations as a New Administration Takes Control of our Nation’s Energy Policy? Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information System (EMIS) See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
[ Login ]   [ Register ] Home News Commercial Real Estate The Pipeline Residential Real Estate Restaurants Banking/Finance DealFlow Trading Day Retail Startups Marketing & Advertising The Pitch Education Healthcare Law Nonprofits The Herd Breweries The List BizSense Pro Breaking Ground The DeedBook The Docket Foreclosures Moving Day New Licenses The R&D Dept. BizSense Pro Overview BizSense Pro Support Advertise About Us Learn About BizSense Meet the Staff BizSense Events Book a Speaker Internships Sears leaving Regency Square; mall owner lays in wait J. Elias O'Neal June 8, 2017 0 Sears is leaving Regency Square Mall, which is reconfiguring parts of the property. (Kieran McQuilkin) Another wing of a West End mall may be in play for redevelopment. Sears is in the process of closing its store in Regency Square, the company confirmed Wednesday. Howard Riefs, spokesman for Sears Holdings Corp., said its retail store and auto center at the mall will close by early September. The store will begin its liquidation sale June 16. The closure would leave empty an important anchor property of the larger mall site, which is in the early stages of a reinvention by local real estate firms Thalhimer Realty Partners and Rebkee Co. The Sears building most recently was assessed by Henrico County at $4.4 million. Neither Riefs nor Thalhimer Realty’s Mark Slusher would comment on whether the ownership group is in talks with Sears to acquire the 152,000-square-foot building. The retailer owns its building at Regency. Slusher said the group may be open to buying the site if the right opportunity were available. “Any property that would become available, we would be interested in it,” he said. Thalhimer and Rebkee Co. purchased Regency Square in February 2015 for $13.1 million – becoming majority owner of the mall. The group’s purchase is about 450,000 square feet of the mall’s 820,000-square-foot space, which at the time did not include the buildings occupied by Sears and J.C. Penney. Since taking over the 40-year-old space, the group has launched a $35 million redevelopment plan, which includes a pending deal with Regal Cinemas for a two-story, 50,000-square-foot multiplex in the former Macy’s South building fronting Holly Hill Road. Work this summer will reconfigure entry to the mall from Quioccasin Road(BizSense file photo) Macy’s was another of the mall’s anchors that pulled out, shutting its two Regency stores last year. Also slated to open in the revamped Regency is indoor trampoline park Jumpology, which would fill the third level of the vacant, 41,000-square-foot Macy’s North building fronting Quioccasin Road. The second level of Macy’s North will be subdivided into retail spaces between 2,066 and 8,246 square feet. Construction of a 7,500-square-foot outparcel retail strip for Seattle-based MOD Pizza, Sprint and Chipotle also is planned, along with the transformation of a former Bank of America branch into a Starbucks; and façade improvements to much of the existing mall. Work is set begin this summer to reconfigure entry to the mall from Quioccasin Road, which would demolish the existing flyover and create a four-way signalized intersection with the neighboring Walmart-anchored Parham Plaza Shopping Center. Sears Holdings is the parent company of Sears and Kmart. The retailer, which has struggled for years to maintain its national physical footprint, announced plans to close 16 Sears stores and 49 Kmart locations, Riefs said. The list of effected stores was first reported by Business Insider. Sears would not disclose how many employees would be affected by the Regency closure. Riefs said eligible workers would receive severance and have the opportunity to apply for open positions at area Sears and Kmart stores. POSTED IN » Commercial Real Estate, News, Retail, Top News About the author: J. Elias O'Neal View all posts by J. Elias O'Neal J. Elias O'Neal is a BizSense reporter covering commercial real estate, restaurants, breweries and other beats. He can be reached [email protected] and (804) 554-6545. Editor's Picks Current and former tenants adjust to Scott’s Addition boom times Fledgling Farmers Market restaurant closes in Petersburg, operator sued Drive Shack golf range gets initial thumbs up in Goochland Philip Morris CEO departs Most Commented Union, Xenith the latest banks to get hitched (7) VCU bags former Broad Street fast food joint for $2.8M (6) Developer’s momentum in Brookland Park spills onto North Ave. (5) Long & Foster exec, managers jump ship to start own brokerage (4) Third-generation restaurateur continues Greek legacy on Staples Mill (4) Leave A Response » Click here to cancel reply. Please use your real, full name (first and last) and a valid email address to foster a more civil discussion. Comments without first and last name may not be approved. We encourage active participation in our online community, but we reserve the right to remove any off topic or inappropriate comments. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment    Copyright © 2017 - Richmond BizSense - All Rights Reserved
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More Today 16° to 19° Tonight 12° to 13° Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop   TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog News Business Brexit Bites Technology Markets Economy Analysis Increased lending to third-party sellers helps Amazon to grow marketplace Updated / Thursday, 8 Jun 2017 11:18 Amazon lent more than $1 billion to third-party sellers in the past year Amazon.com has stepped up lending to third-party sellers on its site who are looking to grow their business, a company executive said yesterday. The e-commerce giant has doled out more than $1 billion (€889,402,790) in small loans to sellers in the past 12 months, compared with more than $1.5 billion (€1,334,104,185) it lent from 2011 to 2015, said Peeyush Nahar, vice president for Amazon Marketplace. Sellers have used the money to expand their inventory or discount items on Amazon, he said. Boosting sales for third-party merchants is lucrative for Amazon, which takes a cut of transactions on its site. It also has made a business out of handling more leg work for sellers, too. They pay Amazon to fulfil their orders and boost their placement in search results, without which sellers might struggle to grab shoppers' attention. More than 20,000 small businesses have received a loan from Amazon and more than half of those have taken a second loan from the company. Loans range from $1,000 to $750,000. Sellers have said interest rates are between 6% and 14%. Rivals, including eBay and Wal-Mart Stores, now are doubling down on their marketplace businesses, but loans may help keep sellers close to Amazon's orbit. "We do tell them it's to help them grow on the Amazon Marketplace", Mr Nahar said. Traditional lenders shied away from small merchants after the 2008 financial crisis, which created an opening for other sources of financing. While this exposes Amazon to additional credit risk, the company has near real-time data on sellers' businesses and access to their customer reviews, which are helpful in deciding whether to make a loan. The loan programme is invitation-only. Amazon has issued loans to sellers in the US, UK and Japan. The company has said it would expand to other countries where it operates marketplaces, such as Canada, France and China. On the roll-out's timing, Mr Nahar said, "Stay tuned". More on News Business Business Technology Science and Technology amazon Loan Most Read 1Boston Scientific to invest €17m in Galway facility21:08 2More upbeat ECB signals end to rate cuts15:32 38 out of ten broadband subscriptions at least 10Mbps17:55 4Smartbox to create 100 Dublin jobs08:22 5Mortgage arrears fall for 15th quarter in a row18:14 More for you. Most Read 1Boston Scientific to invest €17m in Galway facility21:08 2More upbeat ECB signals end to rate cuts15:32 38 out of ten broadband subscriptions at least 10Mbps17:55 4Smartbox to create 100 Dublin jobs08:22 5Mortgage arrears fall for 15th quarter in a row18:14 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
