Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Haze70° FULL FORECASTHaze70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Macdill Trump White House could boost Tampa defense industry, experts say US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Dress that Marilyn Monroe wore while singing Happy Birthday to President Kennedy sells for $4.8 million Florida unemployment rate rises slightly, job creation slows down Here's why Toys "R" Us is all about Tampa Bay right now Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Polk County inmate located, arrested after stealing county truck, fleeing from jobsite News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup After Trump meeting, Scott says 'I'm staying in Florida' Top News Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy Obama gathers key Europe leaders amid questions about Trump (w/video) Treasure Island voters speak loudly on redevelopment measures The Clinton team blames Comey for election loss; Trump team is doing him no favors. Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning tops Sabres Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Role reversals for Clearwater's Jarius Williams and Adarius Lemons Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Deal set to dismiss domestic assault case against Johnny Manziel Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Florida Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) Top News Five ideas for pears: chips, crostini, soup and more From the food editor: Four not-so-traditional dessert ideas for Thanksgiving dinner Nine stuffing recipes for apples, squash and your Thanksgiving turkey 5 things to do under $5: Sand sculptors on Treasure Island, free ferry rides, CraftArt Festival Iberian Rooster brings Portuguese street food to downtown St. Petersburg starting Friday Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Bill Law's strong record at SPC Henderson: Sitting out on any race shouldn't be an election option Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Dress that Marilyn Monroe wore while singing Happy Birthday to President Kennedy sells for $4.8 million Welcome to McDonald's! May I take your order ... and bring it to your table? Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Arrest made in St. Petersburg Walmart attack Times staff Tampa Bay Times Thursday, September 8, 2016 7:09pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Harold Stewart, 37, is facing a charge of armed robbery after police say he beat a man with his own walker outside a St. Petersburg Walmart Sept. 2 and stole $600 from him. [St. Peterburg Police Department] St. Petersburg detectives arrested a man in Tampa on Thursday suspected of robbing and beating another man with his own walker at a St. Petersburg Walmart last week. Related News/Archive Police: St. Petersburg mother arrested for child abuse 4 Months Ago Arrest made in shooting death of grandmother 2 Months Ago Driver, 16, arrested in fiery crash that kills St. Petersburg man 7 Months Ago Detectives arrested Harold Stewart, 37, on a charge of armed robbery of 66-year-old Jeffrey Hardeman. The attack occurred on Sept. 2 in the afternoon when police said Hardeman was approached by Stewart in the parking lot of the Walmart at 201 34th St. N. Stewart asked Hardeman for the time before putting him in a choke hold and beating him, at times with his own walker, police said. Stewart then stole Hardeman's wallet, robbing him of $600, before fleeing in a Dodge Durango, police said. Detectives were able to identify Stewart through tips from the public. They also located the Durango, which was captured on Walmart surveillance video, said police spokeswoman Yolanda Fernandez. The arrest came during a presentation Thursday afternoon in which Hardeman was presented with $1,400 in donations and a new walker from four individuals, Fernandez said. Fernandez said Hardeman was taken to the Tampa Police Department for questioning and would be transported to the Pinellas County jail. Stewart served three years in prison for robbery with a deadly weapon, according to Florida Department of Corrections records. He was released in 2007 and is currently on probation. Arrest made in St. Petersburg Walmart attack 09/08/16 [Last modified: Thursday, September 8, 2016 9:01pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Americas Walmart removes 9/11 Coca-Cola display in shape of Twin Towers after outcry It did not appear to occur to management that the display might be in poor taste until it was pointed out by a Twitter user who happened to be shopping there Tim Walker US Correspondent @timwalker Thursday 8 September 2016 22:46 BST Click to follow The Independent US The crass display appeared - briefly - at a branch of Walmart in Panama City, Florida (Shawn Richard/Twitter) A Florida branch of Walmart has dismantled an elaborate display of Coca-Cola products stacked to resemble the World Trade Centre’s Twin Towers, following an online outcry. Read more Man called Vladimir Putin arrested in Florida supermarket for trespass The display, designed to commemorate the coming 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks this weekend, was topped off with a banner of the New York City skyline, which carried the Coca-Cola and Walmart logos and was captioned: “We Will Never Forget”. Beneath the banner was a sign advertising a sale price on multipacks of Coke, Coke Zero and Diet Coke. It did not appear to occur to the store’s management that the display might be in poor taste until it was pointed out by a Twitter user, Shawn Richard, who happened to be shopping at the Panama City Walmart on Tuesday. “We stopped and stared at it like, ‘Oh my god,’” Mr Richard told BuzzFeed. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled.” This is THE ultimate in brand 9/11 cash-in tackiness and nothing will ever ever ever top it https://t.co/3VWNTcKfmx — Natasha Daly (@natashaldaly) September 7, 2016 Mr Richard snapped a photo of the crass, Coke-based construction and posted it on social media, where it was shared by several thousand amazed and outraged Twitter users. Walmart took down the display the following day. In a statement, the firm said “there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display,” insisting: “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard.” Coca-Cola also apologised and said the display had been intended to honour local firefighters. More about: Florida World Trade Center 9/11 Walmart Coca-cola Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds E-Edition log in Some Walmarts found selling expired products, including baby food Thursday Sep 8, 2016 at 6:17 PM Wyman, a handful of other local shoppers and Tampa Bay Times reporters have found dozens of expired merchandise on the shelves at Walmart stores in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties. In addition to the Walmart store where Wyman shopped, By Justine Griffin and Alli Knothe Tampa Bay Times First came the irritation when Deneen Wyman discovered she had bought expired baby formula at an area Walmart store on Sunday. Then came the added insult when she sought a refund and was sold yet another baby formula that had been outdated since May. It wasn't an isolated incident. Wyman, a handful of other local shoppers and Tampa Bay Times reporters have found dozens of expired merchandise on the shelves at Walmart stores in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties. In addition to the Walmart store where Wyman shopped, The Times found three more Walmart locations in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties had expired goods on the shelves on Tuesday, from three-week-old expired sour cream to Gerber brand butternut squash and potato baby food that expired in February. Reporters also found expired prenatal and children's vitamins, children's allergy and fever medication and baby formula. Walmart took notice of the issue Tuesday, both at the corporate level and at the St. Petersburg location cited by Wyman, where workers were busy rechecking expiration dates Tuesday morning. "We want all of our customers to have the best experience possible while shopping with us, and we take out-of-date merchandise seriously. We are currently working to address the situation," said Charles Crowson, senior manager with Walmart's corporate communications. Officials with Walmart's local management had reached out to at least one local customer, Terri Lipsey Scott, who had complained about the products on Facebook on Tuesday. "I returned to the store to see if anything had changed and was approached by the store manager," Scott said. "He promised me that they were making an effort to clear the inventory of old merchandise and were bringing in staff from other stores to do so." Wyman bought Enfamil Reguline formula from the Walmart Neighborhood Market at 1794 22nd St. S. for her son during what she hoped would be a quick trip over the long weekend. Wyman had moved to a midtown neighborhood in St. Petersburg a month ago, but didn't shop regularly at that Walmart. She didn't notice until she got home that the formula she bought for her infant son was expired. It had expired on Sept. 1, just a few days prior. "So I went back to the store and spoke to customer service. They gave me a refund and apologized, so I changed out the milk," she said. When she got home a second time, she noticed that the second one she had purchased was also expired. This time the expiration date was May 1. "I usually shop at Publix downtown but they don't sell this brand," Wyman said. "But I know I would have never had this problem at any Publix location. What really bothers me is that it's happening in a community that's already poverty stricken and this community depends on this store." Scott posted about her experience on Facebook Monday with photos showing expired nicotine lozenges, expired fiber supplement and expired baby food. The post went viral with more than 80 comments as of midday Tuesday and had been shared more than 200 times. A half dozen employees were seen replacing goods, from packaged cheese to vitamins, in the Walmart Neighborhood Market in midtown on Tuesday morning. Workers were checking dates on items offered for sale and were removing some and replacing them with fresher products. A similar scene was happening at the Walmart Supercenter on 34th Street S in St. Petersburg Tuesday morning. Workers were checking items in the dairy and baby food sections and replacing them with new items. A Times reporter found expired sour cream from Aug. 15 on the shelf along with Enfamil baby formula that expired on July 1. In Tampa, a Times reporter found expired prenatal vitamins, children's allergy medication and expired baby food from February at the Walmart Supercenter on 4302 W Gandy Blvd. and at a Walmart Neighborhood Market on 1601 W Kennedy Blvd. Most of the expired goods came from the Walmart Neighborhood Market, which, like the one in midtown St. Petersburg, serves poorer communities. Employees were stocking shelves, but it didn't appear that anyone was checking specifically for expired items as they were in Pinellas County. The average grocery store has more than 40,000 products on the shelves, said David Vikes, spokesman for the Food Marketing Institute, a food safety organization. Vikes declined to comment specifically about Walmart, but said: "It's hard to keep up with the rotation for each individual item." Wyman said she worried that shoppers could be caught unaware. "Some families don't know how to read these expiration dates or know where to look for them," she said. "It really bothered me to see that there were still expired products there for sale." "This is another example of buyer beware," said Nan Jensen, a registered dietitian with Pinellas County Cooperative Extension. "I expect Walmart will take a long hard look at their stocking practices." It is unlikely that the baby food that expired in February would make a child sick, she said, though it could lead to a vitamin deficiency. She noted that the real risk lies in the lost nutritional value that is guaranteed by the manufacturer up until the expiration date. "I would be most concerned with the formula," Jensen said. "You could end up feeding your baby little more than liquid without the extra vitamins and minerals. We should expect a whole lot more." This isn't the first time Walmart or another grocer has sold expired food and perishable goods on its shelves. In 2008, the state of New Jersey filed a lawsuit against Walmart, Target and a local grocery store chain over selling expired infant formula. Target settled the case for $375,000. Walmart settled two years later for $775,000. In the late 1990s, shoppers in Florida and Alabama sued Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. for relabeling expired food. — Contact Justine Griffin at jgriffin@tampabay.com or @SunBizGriffin and Alli Knothe at aknothe@tampabay.com or @Knothea. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Subscribe Now Manage Print Account Manage Digital Account About Us Contact Us Work for Us FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise with Us Place an Ad Classified Ads Online Services Newsletters RSS Feeds Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Text Alerts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Business Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Ledger ~ 300 W. Lime St., Lakeland, FL 33802 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime Education Nation & World State Politics Election 2016 Sports Preps College Recreation Outdoors Columnists Auto Racing Polk Preps TiMEOUT Dining Movies Arts in Polk Music Nightlife TV Guide Movie Listings TV Listings Calendar Events Lifestyle Faith Pets Your Health Home & Garden Columnists Crossword Sudoku Comics Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Other Voices Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Mugshots Local Blogs Guide to Polk Polk Life Polk Moms NIE Special Sections Medical Guide Print Ads Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Newsletters Market Place Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Propel Marketing Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Walmart in Panama City removes Coke display in the shape of doomed World Trade Center By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on September 08, 2016 at 5:12 PM Print Email A Walmart in Panama City has removed a Coke box display that depicted the Twin Towers. (Contributed photo/Twitter) A Walmart in Panama City has removed a display that used Coke boxes to depict the doomed World Trade Center's Twin Towers. The display was apparently meant as a memorial to the terrorist attacks of 9/11 that destroyed the New York City landmarks and killed nearly 3,000 people. The display included red, white and blue boxes to make the American flag and then two columns made of black boxes to represent the World Trade Center. Above the display was a Coca Cola banner that said "We will never forget" with a Walmart roll back sign and price - $3.33 – underneath. A Walmart shopper snapped a photo of the display and the image quickly spread on social media. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The tweet has been retweeted more than 2,900 times and favorited 4,400 times. A Walmart spokesperson told the Orlando Weekly the retailer had approved the display after it was suggested by Coca Cola as a way to honor local firefighters. The display has since been removed and both Walmart and Coca Cola apologized for the promotion. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. U.S. MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition At Least 21 Transgender Americans Have Been Killed in 2016, Say Advocacy Groups What History Says About Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 5 Ways the New Pokémon Games Are Totally Different Queen Elizabeth’s Home Is Getting a $457 Million Refurb George Takei: We Must Not Let Muslims Be Treated Like Japanese Americans in WWII Marilyn Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday’ Dress Sells for Record $4.8 Million Trump Picks Trio of Loyal Backers in Administration Hiring Spree Obama Meets with European Leaders in Berlin to Talk U.S. Relations Malaysia Braces for More Anti-Government Protests While Trump Talks About Building a Wall, China Builds Bridges to Latin America TIME U.S. Florida A Florida Walmart Tried to Use 9/11 to Sell Coca-Cola. The Move Backfired Justin Worland @justinworland Sept. 8, 2016 SHARE Social media users mocked the store's use of soda products to represent the twin towers An effort by a Florida Walmart to use the upcoming 15th anniversary of 9/11 to market Coca-Cola products backfired as social media users mocked the store’s use of soda products to represent the twin towers. “Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable,” wrote Eric Kabakoff on Twitter, one of many commenters. “I will not be shopping in your stores again.” “A new low in low,” wrote Cheryl Claussen. A Walmart spokesperson told the Orlando Weekly that Coca-Cola had approached the retailer with the idea. Walmart officials decided to take down the display after the social media backlash. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The effort is not the first time a brand has used 9/11 as a marketing ploy. In one particularly egregious example reported by the Washington Post, an Alabama clothing company posted on Twitter asking users to share the image 2,296 times—once for every life lost. The tweet was later deleted. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Wal-Mart removes Coke can display stacked like Twin Towers ahead of 9/11 Toby Meyjes for Metro.co.ukThursday 8 Sep 2016 9:26 pm The Wal-Mart Coke can display was removed after criticism (Picture: Twitter/Shawn Richard) Wal-Mart has removed a Coke can display meant to look like the World Trade Centre after heavy criticism shortly before the 9/11 anniversary.  Family slam sentence given to drug driver who killed couple in crash The display was slammed after it was posted by a customer who had visited a store in Florida on Tuesday. The picture showed the World Trade Centre towers built with Coke Zero packages before a backdrop of the American flag made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Shawn Richard, who posted the tweet, told BuzzFeed: ‘We stopped and stared at it like, oh my God. ‘Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.’ His view was shared by many people on Twitter. I'm speechless https://t.co/oLOOOE0y4v — mad (@madoat_) September 7, 2016 what is this headassery https://t.co/HZnDDgQFyW — charlie (@marlboro54s) September 7, 2016 Wal-Mart said the display was removed on Wednesday. It said: ‘We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended.’ The Coca-Cola Company, which is said to usually come up with the display ideas, has replaced the display and apologised. ‘This display was meant to honour local firefighters and to support their organisation’s upcoming event. ‘We sincerely apologise that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display.’ MORE: Female anchor criticised for the way she dressed during serious news item MORE: Goldie threatens to melt down his MBE as protest over Fabric closure MORE: Megan Giglia wins first gold medal for Great Britain at the Paralympics MoreUSAWorld Trade CenterWorld Trade Centre Man melts in acid while bathing in hot spring Boy, 9, shows lightning reactions to catch falling baby brother Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es Americans are renouncing their citizenship at second fastest rate in history Police officer filmed punching woman in face during arrest Wife killed husband in road rage attack after being taunted with sex tape by his mistress MORE: Man ‘robs bank to get away from his wife’ MORE: Man who beat wife’s would-be rapist to death has charges dropped MORE: Yoga teacher who ‘let boys lick her nipples at bar mitzvah’ says she was drugged Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Dentist drops 3cm-long file down patient's throat during root canal surgery Calls for DNA test after woman finds concerning 'meat' in her soup Woman 'admits to killing her two children after husband files for divorce' Woman, 27, who had sex with dog must await sentencing behind bars Teacher who got pregnant after sex with pupil, 13, faces 30 years in jailMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: World › USA Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now eCommerce Zesty, facing stiff competition, replaces its CEO and restructures Voice recognition technology is expediting the race to frictionless retail AI-powered virtual assistant, Mezi, pivots to focus on travel Browse more... Amazon Once offering to fire Trump into space, Jeff Bezos sends his congratulations to the president-elect Google launches its Cloud Platform region in Tokyo Jeff Bezos, Mayo Clinic back anti-aging startup Unity Biotechnology for $116 million Browse more... Walmart LeEco takes on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla and Uber in US debut Walmart launches a free streaming service, Vudu Movies on Us WalmartLabs open sources the application platform that powers Walmart.com Browse more... Crunch Network To compete with Amazon, Walmart should cut itself in half Posted Sep 8, 2016 by Tien Tzuo (@tientzuo) 0 SHARES Next Story SpotHero is ready for the future of autonomous parking Tien Tzuo Crunch Network Contributor Tien Tzuo is the CEO of Zuora. More posts by this contributor: Large CPGs are under attack by startups… and consumers are winning How Prince and Bowie started streaming music services How to join the network Walmart’s latest earnings report wasn’t pretty. Overall revenue growth came in at a tepid 0.7 percent for the first half of the fiscal year. Its e-commerce sales grew 11.8 percent, but the total e-commerce market is tearing ahead at 15 percent quarterly growth, which means they’re actively losing that market. Oh, and it bought Jet.com, a massively unprofitable e-commerce vendor, for $3.3 billion to make up for it. So how did the market react? Walmart’s stock spiked 3 percent. I guess in today’s retail market, you win by not losing. It’s hard to imagine a world without Walmart. Ninety percent of all Americans live within 20 minutes of a Wal-Mart store. They have over 1.5 million employees at 5000 stores, and serve over 140 million shoppers a week. But the too-little-too-late move by Walmart to acquire Jet.com is yet another signal that we are witnessing the downward spiral of a $230 billion company. A world without Walmart is now not only possible, but likely, unless it makes some big moves soon. So here’s an idea: Turn half of those superstores into integrated online fulfillment centers, with local pickup and delivery services, but no more customers walking through the front door. That’s the only way Walmart is going to find out who its customers really are. I get it. Brick-and-mortar infrastructure is vastly different from e-commerce infrastructure. You don’t just flip a few switches and turn a giant retail store into a provisioning warehouse (though you could argue that most big box stores are just huge, confusing warehouses anyway). But Walmart needs to triage its general merchandise business now, before it winds up dying on the vine with the rest of the retail market. And the best way to know your customer is over the internet. Retail needs to flip the script — the online experience has to come first. Right now e-commerce might represent only 10 percent of total retail sales, but in 10 years, is anyone going to be driving five miles to a supercenter to buy toothpaste and shampoo? Walmart needs to make some systemic changes soon in order to challenge Amazon’s real killer IP — customer insight. Walmart has been selling online for the last 15 years. But Walmart doesn’t know anything about you when you walk into one of its superstores. It’s got some pick-up delivery options and some loyalty payment gateways, but e-commerce is still just 3 percent of its business. Today over half of American households subscribe to Amazon Prime. Now, what does Amazon know about its customers? Everything. It knows the entirety of their browsing activity and their purchase history (the first book you ever ordered on Amazon is sitting right there in your order history – go look it up). Also note that Amazon currently has two-hour delivery in two dozen metropolitan areas, and same-day delivery in many more. Today’s novelty services will become tomorrow’s table stakes. Amazon doesn’t deal in customer segments; it deals in customers. Related Articles What this month's Jet.com sale means for the future of retail Confirmed: Walmart buys Jet.com for $3B in cash to fight Amazon The impending online shopping split: buy boutique or buy Amazon All that helps explain why it recently became the world’s fourth-largest public company, joining Apple, Alphabet and Microsoft, and kicking Exxon Mobil down the list. It’s not a coincidence that those first four companies are hugely successful at wrapping ongoing services around unique subscriber IDs, while the fifth one sells you gas. Walmart is trying to buy itself into that subscriber ID club with Jet.com, but it’s too little, too late. Today’s consumers are looking for more than coupons, free samples, and blue light specials. They expect businesses to know them, understand their needs, and build customized offerings and services around this knowledge so they can have the products they want, when they want them, and how they want them. They want products to just happen. Walmart needs to start orienting itself around a future in which e-commerce will become the dominant retail channel. It needs to start learning who its customers are. It needs to put those greeters in delivery vans. Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Amazon Founded 1994 Overview Amazon is an e-commerce retailer formed originally to provide consumers with products in two segments. It offers users with merchandise and content purchased for resale from vendors and those offered by third-party sellers. Operating in North American and International markets, Amazon provides its services through websites such as amazon.com and amazon.ca. It also enables authors, musicians, filmmakers, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Crowdsourcing, E-Commerce, Internet, Delivery, Retail, Software Founders Jeff Bezos Website http://amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Amazon Web Services Founded 2006 Overview Amazon Web Services provides information technology infrastructure services to businesses in the form of web services. Its products and solutions include cloud computing, compute, networking, storage and content delivery, databases, analytics, application services, deployment and management, mobile services, applications, AWS marketplace software, startups, enterprises, partners, government and education, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Web Development, Software, Information Technology, Information Services Website http://aws.amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Web Services Walmart Founded 1962 Overview Walmart is a multinational retail corporation that operates several chains of discount department and warehouse stores. The company’s segments include Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment is a mass merchandiser of consumer products operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands as well as walmart.com. It also offers digital services such as Vudu and InstaWatch. … Location Bentonville, AR Categories E-Commerce, Retail Technology, Retail Website http://www.walmart.com Full profile for Walmart Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Walmart Amazon eCommerce Popular Posts Featured Stories Nom Launches Redesigned App VIDEO | 3:17 | Apps Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 18 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 20 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 22 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 22 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From TechCrunch Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 30 minutes ago | Fitz Tepper This weekend, Alexa will tell you what’s on sale 57 minutes ago | Brian Heater Apple adds former Wall Street Journal editor to its China PR team 2 hours ago | Jon Russell French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 4 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next SpotHero is ready for the future of autonomous parking Posted Sep 8, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 20 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 22 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 4 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 5 hours ago by Jon Russell How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 20 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 9 hours ago by Jon Russell Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 18 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 30 minutes ago by Fitz Tepper These Adidas shoes are biodegradable 17 hours ago by Brian Heater

null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video More Weather Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 39 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest New Cape Walmart gets local 'like' Walmart is expanding its Cape presence with its latest neighborhood market. Post to Facebook New Cape Walmart gets local 'like' Walmart is expanding its Cape presence with its latest neighborhood market.  Check out this story on news-press.com: http://newspr.es/2canRId {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. New Cape Walmart gets local 'like' PATRICIA BORNS , pborns@news-press.com 6:59 p.m. EDT September 8, 2016 Store manager Tanya Parrish shows the wider produce tables featured at new Walmart neighborhood markets, one of which opened August 31 at 2020 NE Pine Island Road in Cape Coral. (Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) You know your neighborhood has arrived – as a potential profit center – when Walmart moves in. The doors of Cape Coral's newest Walmart store opened to residents a week ago at 2020 NE Pine Island Road, and Marjorie Graham has already been there three times. “I shop at Walmart every day. I have seven kids,” Graham said with a what-can-you-do shrug. The northwest Cape mom is a classic target customer, filling in her groceries between major expeditions to Publix – one of whose stores is located across the street. “Absolutely,” said Tanya Parrish, the store's manager, as far as going head to head with Publix. “They have sales on certain items, but we compete on everyday low price.” Lorrie Mortarulo, who shops at both, finds their food prices about the same. “But it doesn’t matter, because this is hands down more convenient,” Mortarulo said. “It’s appreciated. It’s a good addition to the Cape.” Assistant manager Patricia Hillard inspects produce that's been stocked by the new employees she's trained for Cape Coral's newest Walmart neighborhood market store, which opened August 31 at 2020 NE Pine Island Road.  (Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) Walmart locates its smaller neighborhood markets between its supercenters to help grow the brand in metro areas. Food brings the customers in, and wraparound retail products and financial services create a one-stop convenience, drawing trade from other businesses. The company recently updated its neighborhood market format, and this is the Cape’s first to carry those features. A pizza program in the deli section lets customers  order whatever type of pizza they like for $8.98. Next to the pizzas, ready-made pork tenderloin and smoked ribs are meant to appeal to local Cape taste buds, and bakery display cases feature single-serve pastries for convenience shoppers and smaller households. THE NEWS-PRESS Lenny's brings its cheesesteaks to Cape Coral Outside, shoppers can gas up at the Cape’s first Walmart-owned gas station since the company announced in February it would take over the gas station business from Murphy USA for all future stores. Since moving into the vacant building on Aug. 1, store management has hired 85 full-and part-time associates and plans to maintain the staffing at that level. “All the Walmarts in this area do extremely well,” said Parrish, a Cape resident who’s managed other area Walmarts before this one. “The opening far exceeded our expectations, and going into the Labor Day holiday was spectacular.” THE NEWS-PRESS Hot Dish: Peru in a crepe at Kreips & Juices, Cape Coral 39 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/2canRId TOP VIDEOS Deputy-involved shooting in south Fort Myers 1:19 Inside SWFL Football: Week 13 6:55 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Hogs And Air Dogs Fly Again 1:09 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 News-Press Election Update: 7pm Florida Polls Close 16:10 News-Press Election Update: 8pm Mailbag Reader Debate 16:42 News-Press Election Update: 9pm Poll Update 14:39 Boca Grande: The Harbor Pilot 2:04 Save Our Water: moderated panel 17:52 Inside SWFL Football: Week 11 6:31 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Dress for Success SWFL focused on inspiring women 1:35 'I will not give up.' Dress for Success SWFL leader focused on helping women 1:11 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Experience the Florida International Air Show 1:40 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 Are your kids consuming too much media? 1:07 'We're getting justice.' Family rejoices in charging of murder suspect 1:16 Stowaway snake emerges from car hood in rush hour 0:33 Iraqi forces push to take back Mosul 0:52 Gun accidents kill kids every other day 3:06 Legit reasons to indulge your sweet tooth 0:57 Survey: 70% of parents worry world is unkind to their kids 0:37 Americans fear these 10 things the most 0:43 More Stories Man shot by deputy in Pine Manor has resisted arrest before Nov. 17, 2016, 6:33 p.m. 29-year-old killed in I-75 crash Nov. 17, 2016, 6:23 p.m. Food bank needs 3,000 turkeys Nov. 17, 2016, 4:21 p.m. Cowabunga! Waterslides, lazy river debut at Hyatt Coconut Point Nov. 18, 2016, 9:28 a.m.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 7 Sam Walton Quotes You Should Read Right Now Sam Walton made one of the world's largest fortunes for himself and his investors by adhering to principles of leadership, quality, and excellence. Here are just a few of his most colorful quotes on a wide range of subjects. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 8, 2016 at 1:01PM Sam Walton. Image source: Wal-Mart. Even as it copes with the shifting retail landscape, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) remains the most dominant force in global retail today, 54 years after its founding. As is the case with other renowned American companies, Wal-Mart is in many ways a reflection of its visionary founder -- Sam Walton. Equally known for his business acumen as for his extreme wealth, Walton's high-profile public life produced a fountain of interviews, with quotes distilling many of his most important insights across a wide range of issues. Here are a handful of Sam Walton's top quotes on business and life. Sam Walton on business One of the most common themes that pervade the thinking of many of the world's top entrepreneurs is customer obsession, and the same holds true of Sam Walton. Like Jeff Bezos at Amazon and Steve Jobs at Apple, Walton believed businesses exist to serve customers: There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. As another interesting unifying theme, many of today's greatest business visionaries didn't invent the concepts behind their companies. Personal computers and smartphones existed before Steve Jobs and Apple introduced both to the mainstream. The internet and e-commerce preceded Jeff Bezos and Amazon. Similarly, Sam Walton understood that success in business doesn't involve inventing something entirely new, a useful lesson to businesspeople and investors everywhere: Most of us don't invent ideas. We take the best ideas from someone else. Sam Walton on leadership Legendarily gregarious, Walton never viewed leadership as an abstract or academic exercise; the man led by action. He believed that many of the best insights into improving Wal-Mart's operations came from those working on its front lines: the front- and back-office employees running its stores. He constantly visited Wal-Mart stores, and the attitude and tone he set while out in the field shone through in his public statements: The key to success is to get out into the store and listen to what the associates have to say. However, this positive reinforcement also carried with it a business agenda. Walton understood that meeting and listening to his employees benefited the company beyond just identifying areas for improvement. Demonstrating that the company's CEO genuinely cared about even its most junior people could also serve as a motivating force for Wal-Mart's employees: If you want the people in the stores to take care of the customers, you have to make sure you're taking care of the people in the stores. That's the most important single ingredient of Wal-Mart's success. Motivated and happy employees serve their customers better. If done well, Walton believed this leadership style could create a positive feedback loop, giving a boost to the company's overall performance: Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish. Sam Walton on life As is so often the case with renowned business leaders, their insight extends far beyond the boardroom. Though obvious in retrospect, Walton's choice of retail as a career didn't necessarily appear, in its early days, to be a pathway to great wealth and fame. In fact, the man embraced a contrarian worldview in many regards: Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom. As should be clear now, Walton's line of reasoning rests upon a more universal prescription for happiness, rather than monetary success. As Steve Jobs famously said in his Stanford commencement address, great results stem from heroic efforts -- something most people can achieve only if they like what they do. Here's Walton's way of phrasing this enduring bit of wisdom: If you love your work, you'll be out there every day trying to do it the best you possibly can, and pretty soon everybody around will catch the passion from you -- like a fever. Though his star has since been eclipsed by more recent business magnates like Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, and others, Sam Walton's place as a legendary businessman and leader also deserves study. Customer service, attention to your own employees, and taking the road less traveled -- these insights aren't unique to Walton. However, given their timeless nature, anyone interested in improving as a businessperson or investor can hardly hear them enough. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 1:01PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.90 down $0.29 (-0.42%) Read More Wal-Mart Takes Aim at Amazon With Its $3 Billion Jet.com Acquisition Can Wal-Mart Bounce Back in E-Commerce? 5 Popular Stocks To Buy Right Now Apple Pay vs. CurrentC: 3 Retail Giants Are Biting the Hand That Feeds Them And Then There Were 2: Why Wal-Mart's Decision to Challenge Amazon Prime Is Pure Genius Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Hanley Investment Group Completes Sale of Multi-Tenant Retail Pad to New Walmart Supercenter Record cap rate and highest PSF   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Hanley Investment Group * Eric Wohl Ontario * Inland Empire Retail By Industry: * Real EstateCORONA DEL MAR, Calif. - Sept. 8, 2016 - PRLog -- Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors, a nationally-recognized real estate brokerage and advisory firm specializing in retail property sales, announced today that Executive Vice President Eric Wohl negotiated the sale of a 6,786-square-foot multi-tenant retail pad to a new Walmart Supercenter in Ontario, Calif. The sale price of $5,968,800, representing a cap rate of 5.02% and $880 per square foot, achieves a record low cap rate and the highest price per square foot for a multi-tenant pad building shadow anchored by Walmart in California, according to CoStar. Wohl represented the seller, Pacific Development Group based in Newport Beach, Calif. Joong-In (James) Kwon with Coldwell Banker Best Realty in Fullerton, Calif. represented the buyer, a private investor based in Irvine, Calif. Pacific Development Group is known as one of the preeminent shopping centers developers in California and has been responsible for the development of over 300 shopping centers ranging from small strips centers to large one million-square-foot community shopping centers. According to Bob Lewis, the partner at Pacific Development Group who handled the sale for the firm, "Hanley Investment Group did an excellent job on the sale, and I was surprised how quickly they got the asset to market and the number of quality offers that they generated in such a short time frame." According to Wohl, "Utilizing our extensive database, we were able to generate multiple offers within the first week of marketing and selected a qualified 1031 exchange buyer who closed escrow at 98% of the list price with a 50% loan without requiring a financing contingency." Located at 1337 N. Mountain Avenue on 1.05 acres, the building was 100% occupied by national and regional tenants including T-Mobile, Yogurtland, Waba Grill, and Wells Fargo at the time of the sale. The property underwent a full interior and exterior remodel completed in April 2016. "The property is the only other retail within the Walmart Supercenter, making the space highly sought after by high quality tenants," said Wohl. "The market for shadow-anchored multi-tenant retail in southern California is still very strong," said Wohl. "These types of investments are a great alternative for passive investors looking for a better yield than a single-tenant retail property where cap rates in southern California are dipping as low as 3.75% for prime assets leased to national credit tenants on long-term leases," Wohl noted. "The amount of daily customer traffic generated by Walmart, along with being situated at one of the most highly-travelled intersections in Ontario, were highly attractive selling points to the long-term stability of the location and the main reason the property was pursued by a large group of prospective buyers." The property, which is located on Mountain Avenue, the major retail corridor in Ontario, benefits from the 35,000 cars per day and the convenient Interstate 10 freeway on/off ramp, which is just 1.5 blocks north of the property with 247,000 cars per day. Another highlight of the property was the long-term leases. According to Wohl, there will be zero tenant rollover until 2021 with over 77% of the GLA leased through 2026. About Pacific Development Group Founded in 1980, Pacific Development Group and its partners currently own and manage over three million square feet of commercial buildings with approximately 600 tenants with a value in excess of one billion dollars. These properties are located throughout California and consist primarily of major tenant anchored shopping centers. The company is actively pursuing development opportunities. See www.pdgcenters.com About Hanley Investment Group Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors is a retail investment advisory firm with a $5 billion transaction track record nationwide, who works closely with individual investors, lending institutions, developers, and institutional property owners in every facet of the transaction to ensure that the highest value is achieved. For more information, visit www.hanleyinvestment.com Contact Eric Wohl | Hanley Investment Group ***@hanleyinvestment.com End Source : Hanley Investment Group Email : ***@hanleyinvestment.com Listed Under- Tags : Hanley Investment Group, Eric Wohl Ontario, Inland Empire Retail Industry : Real Estate Location : Corona Del Mar - California - United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Monaghan Communications PRs Meridian Receives 2016 HREI Insights Awards Nomination for Two Medical Office Building Projects Central Valley Builders Supply Doubles Down With Simpson Strong-Tie Boomers, The New Hipsters, Fueling Apartment Demand Meridian Sells Dialysis Clinic in Palmdale, Calif. for $6.97 Million, 5.0% Cap Rate Meridian Expands Construction Division with Addition of Christine Velasquez as Project Manager Trending News Tourette Association of America Announces Three New Board Members ACSH and Live Science Team Up For Science And Health Reporting Ascensus Appoints New Regional Vice President HER Collection Brings Vegas "The Beauty Series" Expo Save Red Rock Hosts Rally for Red Rock On Saturday, December 3 Top Daily News RaceAmerica Corporation partners with ALM Sales PTY Ltd - 434 views Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 391 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 258 views WalkMe Inc. Ranked Number #13 Fastest Growing Company in North America - 230 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 221 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1231 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 912 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 802 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 737 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 708 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 351 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 243 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 205 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 187 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 148 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
null
Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION RUDY GIULIANI STEPHEN BANNON HILLARY CLINTON BILL DE BLASIO Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION RUDY GIULIANI STEPHEN BANNON HILLARY CLINTON BILL DE BLASIO New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email SEE IT: Walmart builds tasteless 9/11 tribute display out of packs of Coke  Walmart builds tasteless 9/11 tribute display with packs of Coke BY Brett Bodner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, September 8, 2016, 1:20 PM facebook Tweet email BY Brett Bodner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, September 8, 2016, 1:20 PM Tasteless and tone deaf. A Walmart in Panama City Beach, Florida hosted a sale display with cases of soda shaped like the World Trade Center with an American flag behind it to entice customers to buy the soft drink as the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks approaches this weekend. The display was ridiculed and quickly removed. Walmart reportedly took down the offensive Coke display the depicted the Twin Towers in a Florida store. (Tony Gutierrez/AP) Charles Crowson, a spokesman for Walmart, told Orlando Weekly that the display was taken down. He also added that Coke shares display ideas with Walmart and they’ll either give it a green light or stop it. Offensive Dragon Con festival costume depicts Twin Towers on 9/11 Somehow, no one deemed the display offensive. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 This is the second time this week that people brought shame upon themselves for not having any respect for those who lost their lives in the Sept. 11 attacks. A couple at the Dragon Con festival in Atlanta over the weekend dressed up in a 9/11 costume depicting the Twin Towers on fire with Barbie dolls hanging out the windows. @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again.— Eric Kabakoff (@erickabakoff) September 6, 2016 @erickabakoff @online_shawn @Walmart the vendor's are in charge of their displays— Jennifer (@jennifer6973) September 6, 2016 The ignorance and greedy behavior is sadly nothing new. House to vote on bill to help 9/11 families sue Saudi Arabia Back in 2014, a Birmingham-based tie company called Tied to the South posted a picture of the Twin Towers burning on Twitter and asked their followers to give them 2,296 retweets to honor those that died. That same year, Build-a-Bear tweeted out a photo of a camouflage-patterned bear wearing an Army uniform. They quickly deleted it after posting. Tags: september 11 terrorist attacks walmart Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet PC Richard and Son Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Media Kit Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Daily News Covers © Copyright 2016 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Help & Contact Information Send Feedback Advertise Careers On Air Hosts Schedule John McKay Northwest Ag Report Listen Live Listen Live Mobile App VIPS Win $10,000 Cash Pick Your Paradise Pro Football Pick’Ems $400 Cabela’s Gift Card Win Stuff Join Now! Contest Rules ‘Win Cash’ Contest Rules SailAway Saturday Local Experts Accounting Auto Care Batteries, Bulbs, Screen Repair Computer & IT Solutions Dental Health Food & Supplements Heating & Air Home & Floor Insurance Kids Dentistry Landscaping Medical Supplies and Repair Real Estate Weight Loss Weather Mountain Pass Cams Events Breast Cancer Awareness Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win $10,000 Cash Play Football Pick’Ems Weather Report Seize the Deal More Local News Win Great Prizes Gift Cards Florida Walmart Blasted for 911 Coke Display Inside Store By John McKay September 8, 2016 10:12 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Florida Walmart criticized for 911 Coke display (Getty Images) According to Walmart and Coke corporate officials, the ideas was created by the local store. An Orlando Walmart quickly pulled down a massive 911 memorial display made from 12pack fridge packs of Coke products after a customer snapped a picture and posted it on Twitter. According to attn.com, Shawn Richard was in the Orlando Walmart, when he came across this massive display, featuring and American flag, with the twin towers, as well as a Walmart-Coke banner reading “We will never forget.” As the picture went viral on Twitter, Walmart and Coke spokespersons said the idea was well-intended, but not a corporately generated plan. It was quickly taken down. Virtually all attempts to tie marketing to 911 have been met with firestorms of criticism. To see the image and the story about it, click here. Filed Under: 911 coke | display | walmart Category: Business | Events | History | National News | News | Newsletter Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 870 Can’t Afford a Turkey? Get a Free One in Richland! 2nd Harvest to Distribute Holiday Meals Saturday@TRAC No Carts Make Woman Burn Down Kent ‘Dollar Tree’ Uber Gets Green Flag To Operate in Kennewick Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live On Air The Glenn Beck Program Wall| Posts| Email Meet the DJ John McKay See More Newstalk 870 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Top Stories Pasco PD Finds People Exchanging Heroin for Gift Cards Can’t Afford a Turkey? Get a Free One in... 2nd Harvest to Distribute Holiday Meals Saturday@TRAC No Carts Make Woman Burn Down Kent ‘Dollar... Uber Gets Green Flag To Operate in Kennewick Car Break-In Investigation Leads To Drug Bust $30 Certificate to Cinder's Closet Buy This Deal Now Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Tri-Cities Business Listings Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk870.am using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newsmembers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up for Newsmembers Register Now Sign up for Newsmembers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newsmembers contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newsmembers brought to you by: 870 AM KFLD Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart: Coke display stacked like twin towers removed By Associated Press Published: 14:49 EST, 8 September 2016 | Updated: 14:49 EST, 8 September 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center has been removed from a Florida store, and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack. The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers built of Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner above the display said, "We will never forget," with the Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart logos in a corner. Walmart said in a statement the display was removed Wednesday. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display," it said. The company said the design for the display for the store in Panama City Beach, Florida, came from the supplier, and was approved by its store management. The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honor local firefighters and support an upcoming event for their organization. "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display," the bottler said. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Keeping it casual A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a new painting at the Royal Military Academy But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike In lioness mode Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' That Friday feeling! A radiant Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Wal-Mart is under fire for controversial 9/11 tribute Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Hayley Peterson Sep 8th 2016 10:40AM Walmart is under fire for using packages of soda cans as a tribute to 9-11 ahead of the 15th anniversary of the terrorist attacks against the US. A Florida Walmart arranged the packages to look like the twin towers, according to a photo tweeted by shopper Shawn Richard on Monday. "We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god," Richard told BuzzFeed News, which first reported on the display. "Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn't very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way." Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 A printed sign hung above the display advertising Walmart's rollback prices for the soft drinks. Another sign hanging above the display read "We will never forget" with a photo of the twin towers and the logos for Walmart and Coca-Cola. All of the sodas that were part of the display were Coca-Cola products. Walmart told Business Insider that the display was removed Wednesday afternoon. Coca-Cola did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The display was criticized on Twitter as insensitive and exploitive. Check out what people are saying on Twitter about the controversial display: 7 PHOTOS Social reactions to Wal-Mart's 9/11 tribute See Gallery Social reactions to Wal-Mart's 9/11 tribute @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again. @online_shawn @JMoneyMC this is one of the lamest things I've ever seen @online_shawn @tovangar2 sick. And not in a good way. @online_shawn @geeoharee Oh man, they have GOT to be kidding. @online_shawn @Walmart This is ridiculous!! Take it down. @online_shawn Please tell me this is fake. Just tell me it's fake even if it's not so I can sleep well tonight "knowing" this isn't real. Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – NOW WATCH: Ralph Lauren joins Speedo and drops Ryan Lochte See Also: Inside Coke's 3-part master plan to save soda 5 mistakes you're making at the grocery store checkout 18 'healthy' beverages that surprisingly contain a ton of sugar SEE ALSO: Kmart is using a strange trick to hide its empty shelves Tags Coca-Cola Retail September 11 Twin Towers Walmart Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY The Best Company to Work for in Every State in America The Most Educated Cities in America 10 Job Skills That Will Get You Hired in 2017 The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Millennials, money, and the future AP: Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn Twitter CEO apologizes for white supremacy ad What a Trump presidency could mean for Amazon.com Donald Trump's name is everywhere -- but what does he actually own? Apple is exploring making iPhones in the US — 'the cost will more than double' Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' What percent of Wells Fargo customers are closing their accounts? Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,186.79-0.33-0.02% DJIA18,908.274.450.02% NASDAQ5,333.80-0.180.00% DAX10,688.803.260.03% HANG SENG22,344.2181.330.37% NIKKEI 22517,967.41104.780.59% USD (per EUR)1.060.00-0.20% USD (per CHF)1.010.000.23% JPY (per USD)110.450.200.18% GBP (per USD)1.23-0.01-0.56% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Will supermarket food prices jump under Trump?CNNMoney New tax cuts may not be as big as Trump toutedCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoney Facebook, Google to halt ads on fake news sitesCNNMoney Yuan hits lows not seen since the financial crisisCNNMoney 15,000 mosques are going greenCNNMoney Adult FriendFinder probing claims of a second hackCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Fri, Nov 18 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.

Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 200,742 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 70,377 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 56,998 This list of topics is the quickest way to anger your liberal friends 51,140 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel 42,829 Kubrick's daughter calls for boycott of Shelley Duvall interview 40,771 Facebook's ad metric problem is becoming Zuckerberg's headache Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Wal-Mart’s terrible 9/11 anniversary display By Lauren Tousignant View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) September 8, 2016 | 11:23am As another anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks approaches, some tone-deaf companies can’t resist using the memory to sell products. A Wal-Mart store in Panama City Beach, Florida, was called out on social media for a tacky display that included stacks of soft drinks built to resemble the Twin Towers with a message that read: “We Will Never Forget.” The soda was on sale for $3.33. “Florida c’mon man,” tweeted @online_Shawn, with an image of the marketing fail. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Other angry Twitter users responded in droves, retweeting the picture over 4,000 times. “This is one of the lamest things I’ve even seen,” @NitroRad tweeted. Andrew Baker, under the user @andbaker, tweeted: “I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine but the manager didn’t think how tacky it is.” And @caresaboutstuff replied with a photo of a restaurant’s sign that read, “In support and remembrance of 9/11 This location is only making pretzel sticks instead of Nuggets…” The user later clarified that the photo was from 2015, but she didn’t remember where. Wal-Mart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display was being taken down. Crowson added that while Wal-Mart approves displays, it’s the companies that present the ideas. And it’s certainly not the first time a brand has failed at “commemorating” the anniversary. In 2014, a Birmingham-based tie company tweeted a photograph of the burning Twin Towers, asking their followers to get them 2,296 retweets — in “memory” of the 2,296 people who lost their lives that day. The same year, a Florida juice company offered 15 percent off in “honor of patriots,” and a California coffee shop also offered 15 percent off for their “Vanilla Blasts.” In 2013, AT&T tweeted an image of a phone snapping a picture of the World Trade Center’s tribute lights. They quickly deleted and tweeted an apology. Build-A-Bear also came under fire when they tweeted — then deleted — a photo of a camouflage-patterned bear wearing an Army uniform. Honoring the anniversary is a fine line between paying tribute to the memory and taking advantage of it. The gift shop at the 9/11 Memorial was even criticized for commercializing the tragedy, when it opened in 2014. In 2011, Digiday published a list of companies that tweeted about the anniversary, asking readers if they considered it insensitive. The list included Chick-fil-A, Marc Jacobs, Huggies and the Dallas Cowboys. In these instances, the brands weren’t necessarily promoting their product, but still tweeted varying versions of “We honor the victims” and “Never forget.” “My advice would be to go dark,” Marian Salzman, chief executive at EURO RSCG Worldwide public relations, told the New York Times in 2011. “There’s no place for brands to live.” This is just as distasteful as these burning Twin Towers costumes: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under 9/11 memorial ,  advertising ,  brands ,  companies ,  marketing ,  september 11 Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next There is a $14B problem bobbing in the ocean Read Next There is a $14B problem bobbing in the ocean Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 3 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 4 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 5 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 6 Scenes from the liberal meltdown Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 200,451 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 70,938 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 59,572 This list of topics is the quickest way to anger your liberal friends Now On Shannen Doherty undergoes reconstructive surgery ‘GoT’ star Lena Headey fighting to keep son in U.K. Blac Chyna drops 15 pounds a week after giving birth SEE ALL Video :40 Cop caught on camera sucker-punching woman More Stories pagesix 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On Decider New Netflix Documentary Goes Deep On The Greatest X-Rated Movies Of All-Time nypost Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 36° Share The practice of using 9/11 to market consumer goods backfires yet again By Travis M. Andrews / The Washington Post Thursday, September 8th, 2016 at 7:46am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........As the 15th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, many Americans are preparing themselves for a day of reflection. For some, it will involve mourning. For others, it will be an opportunity to look forward. But for some folks who work in marketing, it’ll be another chance to do a little #branding. Each year, companies across the U.S. employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. This year is no different, as evidenced by a Coca-Cola display prominently erected in the middle of a Walmart in Panama City Beach, Fla. Advertisement Continue reading The display is composed of 12 packs of Coca-Cola original (red boxes), Diet Coke (silver boxes) and Sprite (blue boxes) arranged in the shape of a giant American flag. Before the flag stands two large rectangles composed of 12 packs of Coke Zero (black boxes), which are clearly meant to represent the twin towers. Hanging above the display is a banner bearing both Coca-Cola and Walmart’s logos. Over an image of the pre-9/11 New York City skyline are the words “We Will Never Forget,” and in the top right corner is “9-11-01.” Under the banner is a sign announcing that Coca-Cola 12 packs are on sale for $3.33. “Rollback,” the sign states. The display first came to the public’s attention through a tweet by a user named @online_shawn, which has been retweeted 2,434 times and liked 4,071. Needless to say, anger rolled in. “This is one of the lamest things I’ve ever seen,” tweeted one user. Another called it “crass commercialization.” “Utterly tasteless,” tweeted a third. “Is that real?!” asked one user. “Dear God, tell me that isn’t real.” Etcetera, ad nauseam. Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display, which was conceived by Coke and approved by Walmart, was currently being taken down. Neither Walmart nor Coke is the first company to come under fire for invoking the national tragedy as a means to sell stuff. Advertisement Continue reading Each year, companies roll out deals and tweets associated with the attacks, and each year they face a tidal wave of backlash and outrage in response. One of the more galling examples came in 2014 when the Birmingham, Ala.-based clothing company Tied to the South requested 2,296 retweets, one for each person who had lost his/her life in the attack. The tweet showed one of the towers, just after the attack. The tweet, like all of the following examples, has been removed after public outcry but not before an intrepid Internet user snapped a screenshot. That same year, the Timehop app’s Twitter account posted a tweet with two photos: one showing its dinosaur mascot looking at an animated New York City cityscape with two beams of light where the towers were, and another showing the dinosaur pointing at the first photo and saying “Memba dis?” Finally, Build-a-Bear, the company that allows customers to create their own stuffed teddy bears, tweeted a now-retracted photo of a bear in fatigues, which one prominent user called tone-deaf. Some companies quietly remove the tweet, while others like AT&T, which in 2013 posted a photograph of a telephone photographing the Tribute in Light searchlights, issue an apology, tweeting: “We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy.” Randall Stephenson, AT&T Chairman and CEO later told AdWeek, “Yesterday, we did a post on social media intended to honor those impacted by the events of 9/11. Unfortunately, the image used in the post fell woefully short of honoring the lives lost on that tragic day.” Advertisement Continue reading Many users have wondered why some brands feel the need to acknowledge it at all. It becomes even more head-scratching when companies that sell adult products participate. Both Fleshlight and Intimacy Box, companies that sell adult products, tweeted about the attacks in 2014 – the latter even offered a 40 percent discount. Other companies that have offered a 9/11 discount, according to AdAge, include Marks Wholesale Socks, Formula Fresh and Caffeine Supreme. In fact, the practice has become so common that after the Onion created a fake ad for Subway promising two footlong subs for $9.11 with the tagline “Fly on in for Subtember 11″ and displaying a truly offensive photograph, one location accepted the coupon as if it were real. The corporation itself quickly took issue with the satirical ad, tweeting: “Like everyone, we are deeply offended by the fake story and ad created by The Onion.” Each of the incidents spark outrage. So much so that experts suggest companies avoid the somber anniversary completely. “We’ve been saying to people, there’s probably no right way to do this,” J. Walker Smith, executive chairman at the Futures Company consultancy, told the New York Times in 2011. “If I were a marketer, I would let the moment pass. Anything you do could be seen as self-serving or disrespectful.” Marian Salzman, an author and marketing expert, agreed. “On one level, you want to convey a sense of empathy and sympathy and patriotism. On another level, there’s a belief that every milestone in American history has been turned into a marketing opportunity,” Salzman told the Times. “My advice would be to go dark. There’s no place for brands to live.” sept11-marketing Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: New Vending Machines Display Soda Calories – Oct 8, 2012 Coke to soften marketing if unrest hits World Cup – Apr 2, 2014 Coke's sales miss estimates as Diet Coke flags – Jul 22, 2014 Tiny Cokes: Less guilt means more money for makers – Jan 13, 2015 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon Faces Off Against Retail Industry Headwinds The company has to navigate through major challenges with competition coming from all sides. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Sep 8, 2016 at 8:18AM Young Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) CEO Doug McMillon has been the subject of much praise. As a true company man who has spent essentially his entire professional career with the retailer, he may be the most qualified person to lead Wal-Mart through its current challenges as intense competition and shifting consumer trends pressure sales. In this clip from Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Motley Fool analysts Vincent Shen and Sarah Priestley discuss the current retail environment and what it means for the country's leading big box store. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Aug. 30, 2016. Vincent Shen: Let's paint a little bit of a picture here. I think some people are familiar with the fact, once you reach the scale, similar to McDonald's, that Wal-Mart has reached, doing anything that really moves the needle for the company becomes really challenging. But, before McMillon took the helm and became, potentially, the most qualified CEO since Sam Walton, what was Wal-Mart facing? And then, we can get into the steps that he took. Sarah Priestley: I would say Wal-Mart essentially came to prominence by saturating markets. They were the most convenient option at the lowest price. But the problem is, now, they have competition from all sides. From the lower end, Dollar General and the dollar stores' increasing popularity. Costco and Target as the big-box retailers. Kroger, they've really upped their game in terms of organic and fresh. I think Wal-Mart missed the mark on that, initially. If you look, a decade ago, Wal-Mart was 15% to 18% cheaper on groceries than Kroger. The gap is now 4% to 7%. So that's getting a lot shorter. And, the other thing is, in terms of convenience, Walgreens and CVS are leveraging their geographic dominance and offering groceries there, so people have another alternative.  More than all of that, though, is online. If you look, Amazon, 2012 to 2015 doubled their sales. Wal-Mart grew their sales by 8.6% in the same period. It's the Amazon effect. There's definitely online sales, which is taking away from Wal-Mart revenue. Shen: Yeah, with that kind of growth ... unfortunately, consumer spending has not been growing at that rate. That is Amazon taking share, especially, from a lot of the traditional retailers, Wal-Mart being, in my opinion, the epitome of that. Sarah Priestley has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 8:18AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.97 down $0.22 (-0.32%) Read More 2 Stocks that Turned $1,000 Into Millions Is Wal-Mart's Dividend in Doubt? These Men Are Leading the Turnarounds at McDonald's and Wal-Mart How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 15:31 GMT, Nov 18, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More It's official: Flynn, Pompeo and Sessions in Trump's cabinet HomeAmerica ‘Just wrong’: Walmart & Coke remember 9/11 with controversial display (IMAGES) Published time: 8 Sep, 2016 10:49Edited time: 10 Sep, 2016 13:32 Get short URL Walmart employees claim the idea to profit off 9/11 came from Coca-Cola. © Brendan McDermid Coca-Cola and Walmart chose to remember the victims of 9/11 with a display of the Twin Towers in front of the US flag made entirely from cans. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Accompanied by a sign saying “We will never forget” along with logos for both Coca-Cola and Walmart, the display was created to mark the 15 year anniversary of the 2001 attack in which nearly 3,000 people died. Reaction to the image, taken at the Panama City Beach Walmart according to the Orlando Weekly, was mostly amazement at how Walmart thought the display was appropriate. “This is just wrong” one tweet said, while another more forgiving one said, “I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine, but the manager didn’t think how tacky it is.” @online_shawn Please tell me this is fake. Just tell me it's fake even if it's not so I can sleep well tonight "knowing" this isn't real.— Andrew Cannizzaro (@ajc340) September 6, 2016 @online_shawn@firstwefeast@Walmart Not a good look, guys.— Bobby Shaftoe (@B_Shaftoe) September 6, 2016 @online_shawn@catovitch I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine but the manager didn't think how tacky it is.— Andrew Baker (@andbaker) September 6, 2016 @online_shawn@RedSoxPres This is just wrong.— Jerry Swider (@bassetcats1) September 7, 2016 One user with an extremely dark sense of humor photoshopped an Abu Ghraib-inspired version of the original photo. @online_shawn I'm not sure their new display is much better. pic.twitter.com/z6Wj1vdgRA— Jeff DeCola (@JeffDeCola) September 8, 2016 Store employees told the Orlando Weekly that they were only acting on orders and that the 9/11 display had been all Coke’s idea. Walmart has marked US holidays with questionable displays before, including a battleship made entirely of Bud Light to commemorate the 4th of July and a soft-drink display in the shape of a bald-head eagle for Veteran’s Day. People of Walmart. 🇺🇸 #merica #walmart #budlight @luke_o A photo posted by Tayler (@tbridger) on Jun 21, 2016 at 8:33am PDT Veterans salute from coke cases. A photo posted by David Medlock (@davidxyzzy) on Jun 25, 2016 at 6:14pm PDT The display has now been dismantled. Walmart isn’t the first store to attempt to profit off 9/11’s anniversary. In 2014, a tie company attempted to attract a “2,296 retweets for the 2,296 people who lost their lives 13 years ago today,” accompanied by an image of 9/11. Birmingham-based tie company @TiedtotheSouth asks for a RT for everybody who died with a pic of Tower 1 gushing smoke pic.twitter.com/pSqoVPEXI3— Sam Thielman* (@samthielman) September 11, 2014 The tweet was quickly deleted, but the internet never forgets. The question remains whether anyone involved in this display will face criminal charges, since under Florida law, using the US flag for advertisement purposes is punishable with a fine of up to $500 and a jail term of up to 60 days. RT contacted the Panama City police department and are waiting to hear back on whether they will be arresting anyone in connection to this incident.  Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Morning Mix The tacky practice of using 9/11 to market consumer goods backfires yet again The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Travis M. Andrews September 8 Follow @travismandrews As the 15th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, many Americans are preparing themselves for a day of reflection. For some, it will involve mourning. For others, it will be an opportunity to look forward. But for some folks who work in marketing, it’ll be another chance to do a little #branding. Each year, companies across the United States employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. This year is no different, as evidenced by a Coca-Cola display prominently erected in the middle of a Walmart in Panama City Beach, Fla. The display is composed of 12 packs of Coca-Cola original (red boxes), Diet Coke (silver boxes) and Sprite (blue boxes) arranged in the shape of a giant American flag. Before the flag stands two large rectangles composed of 12 packs of Coke Zero (black boxes), which are clearly meant to represent the twin towers. Hanging above the display is a banner bearing both Coca-Cola and Walmart’s logos. Over an image of the pre-9/11 New York City skyline are the words “We Will Never Forget,” and in the top right corner is “9-11-01.” Under the banner is a sign announcing that Coca-Cola 12 packs are on sale for $3.33. “Rollback,” the sign states. The display first came to the public’s attention through a tweet by a user named @online_shawn, which has been retweeted 2,434 times and liked 4,071. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Needless to say, anger rolled in faster than you can say “face-palm.” “This is one of the lamest things I’ve ever seen,” tweeted one user. Another called it “crass commercialization.” “Utterly tasteless,” tweeted a third. “Is that real?!” asked one user. “Dear God, tell me that isn’t real.” Etcetera, ad nauseam. @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again. — Eric Kabakoff (@erickabakoff) September 6, 2016 Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display, which was conceived by Coke and approved by Walmart, was currently being taken down. Neither Walmart nor Coke is the first company to come under fire for invoking the national tragedy as a means to sell stuff. Each year, companies roll out deals and tweets associated with the attacks, and each year they face a tidal wave of backlash and outrage in response. One of the more galling examples came in 2014 when the Birmingham, Ala.-based clothing company Tied to the South requested 2,296 retweets, one for each person who had lost his/her life in the attack. The tweet showed one of the towers, just after the attack. The tweet, like all of the following examples, has been removed after public outcry but not before an intrepid Internet user saves an image. Birmingham-based tie company @TiedtotheSouth asks for a RT for everybody who died with a pic of Tower 1 gushing smoke pic.twitter.com/pSqoVPEXI3 — Sam Thielman* (@samthielman) September 11, 2014 That same year, the Timehop app’s Twitter account posted a tweet with two photos: one showing its dinosaur mascot looking at an animated New York City cityscape with two beams of light where the towers were, and another showing the dinosaur pointing at the first photo and saying “Memba dis?” Absolutely #breathtaking 9/11 tribute: cartoon dinosaur asking "memba dis?". Do u memba? Memba when the towers fell? pic.twitter.com/pFLSwncTa6 — Helena Bottom-Farter (@solikebasically) September 11, 2014 Finally, Build-a-Bear, the company that allows customers to create their own stuffed teddy bears, tweeted a now-retracted photo of a bear in fatigues, which one prominent user called tone-deaf. Hey @buildabear, do you guys have a workshop for building tone-deafness? pic.twitter.com/RY3xn662Le — Miles Kahn (@mileskahn) September 11, 2014 Some companies removed the tweet, while others like AT&T, which in 2013 posted a photograph of a telephone photographing the Tribute in Light searchlights, issue an apology. We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy. — AT&T (@ATT) September 11, 2013 Randall Stephenson, AT&T chairman and chief executive later told AdWeek, “Yesterday, we did a post on social media intended to honor those impacted by the events of 9/11. Unfortunately, the image used in the post fell woefully short of honoring the lives lost on that tragic day.” Many users have wondered why some brands feel the need to acknowledge it at all. It becomes even more head-scratching when companies that sell adult products participate. Both Fleshlight and Intimacy Box, companies that sell adult products, tweeted about the attacks in 2014, and the latter even offered a 40 percent discount. Other companies that have offered a 9/11 discount, according to AdAge, include Marks Wholesale Socks, Formula Fresh and Caffeine Supreme. In honor of patriots today, all juice is 15% off! Come see us at the juicery! #rememberourheroes… http://t.co/ZSNcFiA8FV — Formula Fresh (@formula_fresh) September 11, 2014 In remembrance of 9/11 we will be doing a patriotic special drink! 15%off Vanilla Blasts if you want it dyed red… http://t.co/VRUUBqvFOB — Caffeine Supreme (@CaffeineSupreme) September 11, 2014   In fact, the practice has become so common that after the Onion created a fake ad for Subway promising two foot-long subs for $9.11 with the tagline “Fly on in for Subtember 11″ and displaying a truly offensive photograph, one location accepted the coupon as if it were real. The corporation itself quickly took issue with the satirical ad. Like everyone, we are deeply offended by the fake story and ad created by The Onion. — SUBWAY® (@SUBWAY) September 6, 2013 Each of the incidents spark outrage. So much so that experts suggest companies avoid the somber anniversary completely. “We’ve been saying to people, there’s probably no right way to do this,” J. Walker Smith, executive chairman at the Futures Company consultancy, told the New York Times in 2011. “If I were a marketer, I would let the moment pass. Anything you do could be seen as self-serving or disrespectful.” Marian Salzman, an author and marketing expert, agreed. “On one level, you want to convey a sense of empathy and sympathy and patriotism. On another level, there’s a belief that every milestone in American history has been turned into a marketing opportunity,” Salzman told the NYT. “My advice would be to go dark. There’s no place for brands to live.” But if the Walmart/Coke display in Florida is any indication, some brands are still learning.   national morning-mix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national morning-mix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Travis M. Andrews is a reporter for The Washington Post's Morning Mix. Previously he was an editor for Southern Living and a pop culture and tech contributor for Mashable. Follow @travismandrews Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Man who dissolved in boiling Yellowstone hot spring slipped while checking temperature to take bath 2 ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. 3 Japanese American internment is ‘precedent’ for national Muslim registry, prominent Trump backer says 4 Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 5 Two moose locked antlers in a fight, then froze together in a stream Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game national morning-mix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Tampa Bay Times: Subscribe Make Payment/Renew Missed Paper Vacation Stop E-Paper TBO: Advertise Contact Us AUTOS HOMES JOBS Friday, Nov 18, 2016 68° Home Local News US & World Sports Entertainment Radar Weather Special Sections Business News Walmart stores around Tampa Bay found selling expired products, including baby food Expired baby items purchased at two different Walmart Neighborhood Markets in Tampa on Tuesday. [SKIP O'ROURKE | Times] By Justine Griffin and Alli Knothe Times Staff Writers Published: September 6, 2016 Updated: September 6, 2016 at 04:28 PM More Information Expiration Date Explanations ♦ Best if used by: This is the suggested date from the manufacturer that guarantees the best flavor and quality of a food product. The product is safe for consumption after this point, however the taste may be compromised if consumed after this date. ♦ Use By: This is the date the manufacturer has recommended for use of the product. The food product is safe for consumption after this date yet the flavor or quality may not be as good as when it was initially produced. ♦ Sell By: This is the date that tells retailers when the manufacturer thinks the food product should be removed from the shelves. ♦ Infant Formula: Federal regulations require a “use by” label on infant formula under FDA inspection. If stored too long, the formula can separate and clog. The “use by” date is selected by the manufacturer or distributor of the product. Do not buy or use baby formula after its “use-by” date. Source: Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and the United States Department of Agriculture Food Safety and Inspection Service When Deneen Wyman walked into a Walmart store on Sunday, she didn’t expect to buy expired baby formula not once, but twice. When she went to return the expired formula the first time, she was sold another expired one that had been outdated since May. It wasn’t an isolated incident. Wyman, a handful of other local shoppers and Tampa Bay Times reporters found dozens of expired merchandise on the shelves at Walmart stores in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties recently. The Times found more than three Walmart stores in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties had expired goods on the shelves on Tuesday, from three-week-old sour cream to Gerber brand butternut squash and potato baby food that expired in February. Reporters also found expired prenatal and children’s vitamins, children’s allergy and fever medication and baby formula. Walmart took notice of the issue Tuesday, both at the corporate level and at the St. Petersburg location cited by Wyman, where workers were busy rechecking expiration dates Tuesday morning. “We want all of our customers to have the best experience possible while shopping with us, and we take out-of-date merchandise seriously. We are currently working to address the situation,” said Charles Crowson, senior manager with Walmart’s corporate communications. Officials with Walmart’s corporate team had reached out to at least one local customer who had complained about the products on Facebook on Tuesday. Wyman bought Enfamil Reguline formula from the Walmart Neighborhood Market 1794 22nd St. S., for her son during what she hoped would be a quick trip over the long weekend. Wyman had moved to a midtown neighborhood in St. Petersburg a month ago, but didn’t shop regularly at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South around the corner. She didn’t notice until she got home that the formula she bought for her infant son was expired. It had expired on Sept. 1, just a few days prior. “So I went back to the store and spoke to customer service. They gave me a refund and apologized, so I changed out the milk,” she said. When she got home a second time, she noticed that the second one she’d purchased was also expired. This time the expiration date was May 1. “I usually shop at Publix downtown but they don’t sell this brand,” Wyman said. “But I know I would have never had this problem at any Publix location. What really bothers me is that it’s happening in a community that’s already poverty stricken and this community depends on this store.” A post on Facebook by another resident who shopped at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South in St. Petersburg, went viral Tuesday after it showed photos of expired nicotine lozenges, expired fiber supplement and expired baby food. The post had more than 80 comments as of midday Tuesday and had been shared more than 200 times. A half dozen employees were replacing goods, from packaged cheese to vitamins, in the Walmart Neighborhood Market in midtown on Tuesday morning. Workers were checking dates on items offered for sale and were removing some and replacing them with fresher products. A similar scene was happening at the Walmart Supercenter on 34th Street South in St. Petersburg Tuesday morning. Workers were checking items in the dairy and baby food sections and replacing them with new items. A Times reporter found expired sour cream from Aug. 15 on the shelf along with Enfamil baby formula that expired on July 1. In Tampa, a Times reporter found expired prenatal vitamins, children’s allergy medication and expired baby food from February at the Walmart Supercenter on 4302 W. Gandy Blvd., and at a Walmart Neighborhood Market on 1601 W. Kennedy Blvd. Most of the expired goods came from the Walmart Neighborhood Market, which similar to the one in midtown of St. Petersburg, serves poorer communities. Employees were stocking shelves, but it didn’t appear that anyone was checking specifically for expired items as they were in Pinellas County. The average grocery store has more than 40,000 products on the shelves, said David Vikes, spokesman for the Food Marketing Institute, a food safety organization. Vikes declined to comment specifically about Walmart, but said: “It’s hard to keep up with the rotation for each individual items.” Wyman said she worried that shoppers could be caught unaware. “Some families don’t know how to read these expiration dates or know where to look for them,” she said. “It really bothered me to see that there were still expired products there for sale.” “This is another example of buyer beware,” said Nan Jensen, a registered dietitian with Pinellas County Cooperative Extension. “I expect Walmart will take a long hard look at their stocking practices.” It is unlikely that the baby food that expired in February would make a child sick, she said, though it could lead to a vitamin deficiency. She noted that the real risk lies in the lost nutritional value that is guaranteed by the manufacturer up until the expiration date. “I would be most concerned with the formula,” Jensen said. “You could end up feeding your baby little more than liquid without the extra vitamins and minerals. We should expect a whole lot more.” This isn’t the first time Walmart or another grocer has sold expired food and perishable goods on its shelves. In 2008, the state of New Jersey filed a lawsuit against Walmart, Target and a local grocery store chain over selling expired infant formula. Target settled the case for $375,000. Walmart settled two years later for $775,000. In the late 1990s, shoppers in Florida and Alabama sued Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. for relabeling expired food. Contact Justine Griffin at jgriffin@tampabay.com or @SunBizGriffin and Alli Knothe at aknothe@tampabay.com or @Knothea. Weather Center Radar Images: Tampa Bay region Brandon Central Tampa South Tampa New Tampa Northwest Hillsborough South Shore North Pinellas South Pinellas Pasco Polk Manatee Sarasota Hernando/Citrus Heartland Tampa Bay area Weather Alerts: Full-sized radar Current conditions 10-day Forecast Hurricane Guide Local News Is one of Tampa Bay's premier condo towers sinking? Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston: How the Bucs quarterback is imitating Brett Favre Good year at USF could mean big bonus for president Judy Genshaft Hillsborough firefighter wanted in bar fight is suspected motorcycle gang member Email Email newsletters Contact Us Advertising info Place an ad online Letters Subscription Manage account Subscribe Vacation stop More Info Legal notices About us Privacy statement Terms & conditions About our ads About our company Jobs Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Affiliates Centro Tampa Highlands Today © 2016 Times Publishing Inc.
null
null
Login Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Profile Subscriptions Mobile Tablet 100th Anniversary Issue News Front Page Local News Crimes & Cases Obituaries Op-Ed Editorial Letters Columns People & Culture Arts & Leisure Links Editorial Department View Classifieds Post A Classified Subscriptions Webmaster Archive Copyright© 2008-2016 Ridgewood Times Printing & Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved Member of the QUEENS CHAMBER OF COMMERCE Newspaper web site content management software and services Letters September 8, 2016   Search Archives WHY IS NYC STILL WAITING FOR ITS FIRST WALMART? School will soon be open, but once again out of work, single income, poor, working and middleclass parents looking for reasonably priced clothing and educational supplies will have to pay more. This is thanks to elected officials who believe they know what is best for you. Residents in the other 57 counties outside of New York City within New York State have had the option of shopping or not shopping at Walmart for decades. The same is true for virtually every other city and state. Only NYC is behind the times. Many elected city officials feel that we should oppose Walmart because of substandard salaries and unfair competition they would provide against smaller stores. Construction of a new Walmart can provide work for construction contractors and their employees. Once opened, there are employment opportunities for many workers. The city would benefit by millions in sales, payroll and real estate tax revenue which could help fund essential municipal services everyone desires. Walmart is the nation’s largest private sector employer with more than 1,200,000 employees and growing each year. Tens of millions of Americans including many fellow New Yorkers own stock in Walmart. The same is true for the various retirement and pension plans many people participate in. Starting pay averages several dollars above the minimum wage for new employees around the nation. Several hundred thousand New Yorkers work off the books, full- and part-time with no benefits. Many existing retailers pay minimum wage with no benefits. These same public officials opposing Walmart never talk about these abuses. Larry Penner, Great Neck
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Decomposing body found inside car at Jacksonsville Walmart by: Brittney Donovan, Action News Jax Updated: Sep 8, 2016 - 12:02 PM Twtter JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Officers are investigating after family members found their relative's decomposing body inside a car in a Walmart parking lot in North Jacksonville. Police were called to Walmart on Lem Turner Road Wednesday evening after family said they found a Jacksonville woman's body inside an SUV in the parking lot. Related Headlines Jacksonville car dealer employees hide in locked room after man's threats St. Johns County deputies searching for missing teen Accused drug dealer in Jacksonville reveals officers' investigative tools Police have not yet identified the woman, but said the Nissan Murano she was found inside matches the description of an SUV in a missing person case. The missing person case is in connection with 54-year-old Cindy Bland who was reported missing after heading to a dentist appointment on August 24 and hasn't been seen since. Action News Jax is working to confirm if this missing person case in connection with the death investigation.  Officers said it appears the SUV had been parked at the Walmart for approximately two weeks. The body is too decomposed for a positive identification at this time, officers said. Jacksonville police said there are no indications of foul play at this time. However, they have to wait for a medical examiner to complete the autopsy.  Police say they are pulling surveillance video from the Walmart parking lot. The investigation is ongoing.  Trending on ActionNewsJax.com: Family of serviceman says he was unarmed, stabbed 11 times in back Marion County 10-year-old arrested, charged in death of 2-year-old cousin FHP: Spike in car crashes caused by debris in Duval County, statewide Jacob Wetterling's killer gives chilling details of abducted 11-year-old's final moments alive Road Rangers warn of dangers due to distracted drivers disobeying move over law More popular and trending stories #JSO Homicide is working an incident in the 12100 block of Lem Turner Road. #JAX #Jacksonville — Jax Sheriff's Office (@JSOPIO) September 8, 2016 Jso investigating a Reported undetermined death at the Walmart parking lot on Lem Turner Road. pic.twitter.com/l844KKjDvt — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Detectives searching cars in rear of parking lot at Lem tuner Walmart. pic.twitter.com/70QDFrdRMv — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Detectives now searching red car now. pic.twitter.com/3kk6aI1eNb — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Coroner and medical examiner just showed up to reported death at Lem Turner Walmart. pic.twitter.com/GjZWlSlc70 — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Jso: decomposing woman found in her car in Walmart parking lot. Foul play starting to get ruled out. pic.twitter.com/wh3XGE0ea1 — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Jso says vehicle matches recent missing person report. Positive ID has not been made yet of woman found inside. pic.twitter.com/T3uYnaJkay — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Jso confirms the vehicle found in Walmart parking lot is same vehicle in this missing persons case. Body not Idd yet pic.twitter.com/t7bcxrUoPv — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Police say they're pulling surveillance video from the @Walmart parking lot. @JSOPIO @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/CoeyaCxGwF — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) September 8, 2016 Police say there are no indications of foul play, but they won't know until the med. examiner completes an autopsy. https://t.co/bma7eOMQGH — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) September 8, 2016 © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Decomposing body found inside car at Jacksonsville Walmart Governor Rick Scott announces Florida companies created almost 9,000… Woman's body found near hotel off Baymeadows Road Jacksonville police disciplines officer for handling of Jaguars' Denard… Argument between roommates led to meth lab investigation, police say News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 35 Ways to Save for Your Emergency Fund 10 Best Student Savings Accounts Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips CD Loans: How to Borrow Against Your Certificate of Deposit How to Close Your CD Early Without Paying a Fee Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans What Is an Unsecured Loan? What Is a Secured Loan? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News The Most Anticipated IPOs of 2017 How to Invest in Oil Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 13 Everyday Habits That Destroy Your Retirement Fund 7 Hidden Fees to Watch Out for in Retirement Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 10 Free Student Checking Accounts What Is a Checking Account? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How Do Credit Unions Make Money? Are Banks Open on Black Friday 2016? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips 6 Pros and Cons of Store Credit Cards How Your Dallas Credit Card Benefits Can Save You Money Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Ways To Save Money > Target vs. Walmart: Price Match Guarantee Exclusions Target vs. Walmart: Price Match Guarantee ExclusionsLearn what's excluded from the Target and Walmart price match guarantees. By Holly Hammersmith September 8, 2016 10 Comments   Target and Walmart are two stores known for their deals and budget-friendly prices. When scouring these two retailers for the best deals, consumers who want to score big savings arm themselves with coupons and apps. And it’s possible to save even more at each store, if you take advantage of their price match guarantees. Understanding the price match policies will help you shop strategically and get the best prices on specific items. When using the Walmart price match guarantee and the Target price match guarantee, you should know exactly what is covered and what isn’t covered under the policy. To make sure you get the most for your money, get savvy on what’s excluded from these stores’ price match guarantees. 2016 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. / 2016 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Walmart Price Match Exclusions Many savvy shoppers already know Walmart as a store that’s budget-friendly — check your local Walmart ad, and you’ll generally find prices that are highly competitive. Experienced shoppers know to take advantage of further savings by using Walmart coupons. And shoppers who want to save even more can take advantage of price matching at the store. But before you do all your shopping exclusively at Walmart, expecting to take advantage of its price match guarantee, know what’s excluded so you aren’t disappointed. Here are some key exclusions from the Walmart price match guarantee: Prices from its Marketplace or from third-party sellers Prices from auctions or retailers requiring memberships Prices that cannot be determined independent of other items; this means in order to price match, the fees, shipping charges, etc. must be determinable. Price items from bundle offers, instant rebates, mail-in offers or any offers, including financing Prices that cannot be determined following a percent-off or dollar-off coupon on the item Items that other retail stores have marked as clearance, close-out, liquidation or limited quantity Any items that require a minimum quantity for purchase Damaged, used or refurbished items Misprinted or inaccurate prices Walmart One-Hour Guarantee items Prices on items on Walmart.com or with other retailers between Thanksgiving Day and Cyber-Monday, including Walmart Black Friday sale prices Additionally, rain checks are not offered for items not currently in stock at Walmart on available on Walmart.com. And price matching isn’t offered online in Alaska, Hawaii or Puerto Rico for in-store purchases at Walmart. Find Out: 25 Best Deals at Walmart Nils Versemann / Shutterstock.com Target Price Match Exclusions Target is another store popular with shoppers looking for good prices on everyday items. Savvy shoppers know to check out Target ads and use the store’s Cartwheel app to get even better prices than advertised Target sales. And to make comparison shopping even better, you can take advantage of the store’s price match guarantee; Target’s price match guarantee was updated in 2013 to include online price matching. To make sure you know exactly what you’re getting into as a Target shopper, though, you need to also understand what isn’t covered in its price match policy. Here are some important exclusions from Target’s price match guarantee: Clearance items, closeout items and liquidation sale items Items that are damaged or in an open package Refurbished, pre-owned, rented or lease-to-own items Storewide or unspecific offers Non-branded items Prices that only display on a website after a user logs into the website Incorrectly priced items Anything that’s a typo Limited-time or quantity-specific offers Daily deals, coupon offers, credit card or gift card offers Financing plans, service offers or bundled offers Sales tax promotions Free items Rebates or mail-in offers Contract mobile phone devices or plans Optical wear Target Portrait Studio pricing Target Clinic or any Target Pharmacy purchases Product services such as warranties at Target or game reservations at Target Prices from Target’s “Marketplace” stores and from third-party sellers Items purchased with the Cartwheel phone app Also, note that Target gift card offers and Target coupons cannot be combined with a price match. Manufacturer coupons will be honored but only after a price match is made following the Target coupon policy. And items containing alcohol will be honored for the price match guarantee, but are subject to state regulations, which vary. See: 8 Other Stores Offering Price Match Guarantees Share This Article How Decluttering Helps Me Make and Save at Least $500 a Year Top 10 Beauty Products Under $10 Related Articles 19 Ways to Pay Less at Target This Holiday Walmart and 10 Other Stores Offering Price Match Guarantees Target Vs. Walmart Back-to-School Deals: Which Are Better? Walmart vs. Amazon: Shipping Cost Comparison These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Donald I THINK YOU ARE FULL OF CRAP ! mary I never shop for long time in those stores , the quality is very poor and prices are not right , I prefer to pay high price anywhere else but have a quality products, in food department the packages quantity are 50 or 100 , 200 grams , on a round price , 2,3 4, 5, … but if you do the math you can get in any other store less price and less wrapping(garbage) they can close forever sassy In other words Do not shop at Walmart is what this article is saying. Seems like this is an advertisement from Target more than an independent assessment Radart I do not see your list of “30 ITEMS”. Indeed, this looks like an ad for Target. I have always done my best to stay away from Walmart for many reasons. freddie1941 Guess what your ole Target stores got the boot in Canada and cost US tax payers. Terrible store they cannot compete with Wal Mart at all. Thank you very much. Malinda Sooooo where is this list of 30 items? Just a bunch of information about Target and it’s pricing, trying to get you to click on the next link for them. Guess I won’t shop at Target either, no wonder they went belly up in Canada. ROBERT I WILL ASK THE SAME QUESTION—-WHERE ARE THE 30 ITEMS? frank When Target first came to Canada I was told that they were Wal Mart’s biggest competitor. I was very disappointed. It was like walking into Wal Mart. The Pricing no different. They could not make it in Canada. I shop at Wal Mart and like their pricing and I have no problems. I bought a few things that I have had to return, but then I bought things at other stores that I had to return. Wal Mat is no different except when it comes to pricing. Some sores like the BAY are way over priced for the same quality item. Where is the list of 30 items you say never buy? I do not believe it exsist. A.S. There’s no list here… who wrote this article anyway? Lame. shaunaru For those of you who are griping and whining that you were ripped off because you can’t find the list of 30 items not to purchase at WalMart, I’ll tell you what I used to tell my son, “You’re never too poor to pay attention!” Had any of you been paying attention, you would have noticed that you clicked on another article that was listed as “related.” In other words, it was not a part of the “30 Items Never to Buy at Walmart” it is simply a related article. The other place that you needed to pay attention is the further up from the link for this article, but still clearly posted, there are “buttons” numbered 1 through 30 directly below the photo for the article. In other words, go back one page and then click on the numbered buttons. Also, since it seems that you folks need very specific instructions. Don’t start whining about only having a photo and no article. Move down the page just a little bit and you’ll see that the text associated with that particular photo is directly beneath the photo. I’ll just bet that on the majority of web sites you people visit, you are mostly annoyed with how that web site is not performing to your satisfaction. Right? Well, next time you’d rather be an WSM (whining, sniveling, malcontent), try something new. Carefully look all around the page before complaining that this or that is missing. Carefully re-read the article to find the info that you’re saying doesn’t exist there. Be brave enough to try something new – don’t just complain about how so and so doesn’t do it like everyone else. Granted, most articles are continued on new pages through a link near the bottom of the first page. However, you had to move right past those 30 buttons on your way towards the link to this page, were you just so determined to “do things the way you’re used to” that you couldn’t even imagine the list of 30 items could be listed in a different manner? Before you took the time to write your complaint (some of you even shared downright rude complaints), did it ever cross your minds to go back to the first page and confirm that there was not another way to access the list of 30 items? No, I do not work for this web site nor for the parent company. No, I don’t know anyone who works for this web site nor for the parent company. No, I don’t work for anyone who advertises with this site or the parent company. I’m a disabled senior citizen (obviously, not as disabled as some of you!) who can no longer drive so I rarely meet new people and have an ever shrinking group of friends who have time to come and visit me. I simply take offense at those who belittle others when it’s clearly their own weaknesses that are at fault. Advertiser Disclosure * APY = Annual Percentage Yield Most Popular Personal Finance Articles ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Post-Election: 1 in 3 Americans Are Not Confident in the Financial Future of the U.S. Economy 6 Car Repairs You Can (Really) Do Yourself 50 Stores With the Best and Worst Return Policies Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Find Interest Rates Near Me Banking CD Rates Savings Account Checking Accounts Personal Loans Car Loans Mortgage Rates Credit Cards Go! Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2016 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
Main Menu News Subscribe About Us Advertise Shop Print Edition Jobs Donate Campaigns Contact More Print Edition Campaigns Jobs Advertise Contact News Categories Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Account Management Login / Register THE PEOPLE'S DAILY FIGHTING FUND YOU'VE RAISED: £9526 WE NEED: £8474 12 Days Remaining Donate Today Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Features Rebuilding unions takes both lobbying and organising Sep 2016 Thursday 8th posted by Morning Star in Features ACCORDING to two US leading labour lawyers, to win better lives and rebuild the union movement, workers must do two things at once: organise and lobby. The lawyers are Judith Scott, general counsel for the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) and Richard Griffin, general counsel for the National Labour Relations Board (NLRB). They spoke at a recent symposium in Washington on labour law. They described what is now the fastest-growing movement among low-wage workers — the “fight for 15 and a union,” which is being led by SEIU.Scott recalled that it started in November 2012, with 200 fast-food workers in restaurants in New York City. They struck for the right to unionise without employer harassment. “Now it’s spread to thousands of workers in at least 30 cities,” Scott said. “And workers in six countries overseas have launched solidarity movements. “We in the SEIU didn’t send people into small cities in Arkansas, but we got calls from fast food workers there. ‘We’re on strike,’ they said. ‘What do we do now’?” The first priority of the movement, which Scott said also restored the right to strike in many locations, was not to win union recognition and collective bargaining. Instead, workers made gains through winning new legislation. The results have been dramatic: raises in minimum wages in cities and states across the US. For example, fast food workers in New York City and New York State won legislation raising their minimum wage to $15 an hour and the establishment by Governor Andrew Cuomo of a commission to investigate low-wage workers. They did this through building political power. To illustrate the importance of low-wage workers organising into unions and fighting for political clout at the same time, Griffin cited the movement of Wal-Mart workers to unionise into the United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW). The campaign has as one of its objectives the establishment of nationwide wages and hours standards to cover Wal-Mart workers. However, the UFCW has had to fight store by store. The US Supreme Court several years ago barred it from a nationwide class action suit charging wage and promotion discrimination against female workers.“The organising process has been slow and fraught with obstacles,” Griffin said. “There’s a steady stream of cases, and handling them efficiently is a challenge.” The NLRB has convicted Wal-Mart officials at least 288 times for violating the rights of workers. But those convictions did not influence Wal-Mart to change its anti-union practices, Griffin said, because the penalties involved are so small. All Wal-Mart had to do was to shell out some back pay and post notices in its stores and warehouses informing workers of their rights. Wal-Mart continues to disregard these rights with impunity. Griffin said: “The National Labour Relations Act has not necessarily been flexible enough to accommodate workers.” What’s needed is new, stronger legislation to protect workers’ rights. Such legislation has been blocked by big business and the Republicans. To effectively fight back, Scott said, workers from many different industries must join together. “In the service sector of the economy,” she said, “we are looking at putting together fast food workers, retail workers, port truckers, Wal-Mart workers, warehouse workers, home healthcare workers, and adjunct professors.” “It’s important not to suffer from a lack of imagination,” she said. Griffin concluded: “The fight for $15 and a union has the same strategy and mobilisation tactics as Black Lives Matter, the environmental justice movement and the campaign for LGBT rights. “Sooner or later,” he predicted, all four movements “will have a convergence on their issues,” with all four supporting each other. This article first appeared at peoplesworld.org. Related Tags: usa Latest ‘I don’t know how he has the Gall’ Syria: Three groups eye up town of al-Bab Neoliberals ‘fuelled rise of demagogues’ MPs attack blow to Chagossian hopes Owned By Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter It looks like you've got Adblock Plus installed. The Morning Star relies on advertising revenue — please consider unsubscribing or placing us on Adblock Plus' whitelist. Job Listings Organisers in Training , Britain Unite Subscribe Have the Morning Star at your fingertips, wherever you are. Subscribe Now Advertisement The Morning Star All Rights Reserved Owned by Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Info Privacy Policy Terms of Use Returns Policy Published by Companies House Number: IP12750R Registered office: William Rust House, 52 Beachy Road, London E3 2NS, UK Telephone: 020 8510 0815 Website Designed and Developed by LemonDigits Ltd
No Ads Wednesday | November 9, 2016 Trending Mainstream Media Scream: NBC praises 'extraordinary, magical' Hillary 11/07/16 07:39 PM Trump's final speech a message of hope to Michigan voters 11/08/16 01:34 AM D.C. Republicans ready 'Trump dumpster fire' celebration 11/08/16 11:18 AM Voto secreto Trump? Most Hispanics back deportation, want immigration cap cut in half 11/08/16 04:36 AM Black voting low, threatens Clinton 11/08/16 03:50 PM David Brooks calls for third party for voters 'capable of exercising freedom wisely' 11/08/16 12:26 PM Pa. panic for Clinton, Obama on Philly radio, 1,500 GOTV callers needed 11/08/16 02:29 PM Buchanan: Trump's candidacy permanently 'emasculated' political elite 11/08/16 12:46 PM Biden on election eve: 'There has never been a more important tomorrow' 11/08/16 12:41 AM Latin American election observers cheered by FEC Dem 11/07/16 01:28 PM Brazile: 'My conscience is very clear' about CNN question sharing 11/07/16 01:25 PM Byron York: The candidate who never quit 11/07/16 11:46 PM Assange: Americans are 'better informed' thanks to WikiLeaks 11/08/16 11:51 AM Hillary Clinton wins Dixville Notch midnight vote 11/08/16 12:16 AM AP readies for Clinton: Don't call Bill 'first gentleman' 11/07/16 10:45 AM Trump sues Nevada over voting hours, judge rejects 11/08/16 01:13 PM Political media need a reality check 11/08/16 12:01 AM Torch songs 11/08/16 12:03 AM PARSING THE POLLS, 2016 Prediction: A Big Electoral College Win for Hillary 11/07/16 08:36 PM Trump touts populist movement: 'Nobody's ever seen anything like this' 11/07/16 07:22 PM Limbaugh: George W. Bush voted for Clinton 11/08/16 02:05 PM Donald Trump: I'm voting for myself 11/08/16 07:55 AM Trump booed as he votes in New York City 11/08/16 11:20 AM 'Strong leader' seen as most desirable trait for next president in early exit poll 11/08/16 03:27 PM Trump Jr. slams CNN: Not a 'fair and balanced' system 11/08/16 08:47 AM Ted Nugent: Tell 'these numbn—s' not to vote for a 'lying scam artist' 11/08/16 12:14 AM WATCH: Team Clinton does the mannequin challenge 11/08/16 12:20 PM Paul Krugman: FBI 'rigged' election 11/07/16 10:24 AM Biden upbeat while casting ballot in Delaware 11/08/16 09:20 AM Spokesman: Bush 43 did not vote for Trump or Clinton 11/08/16 06:14 PM Electoral map prediction: Clinton 308, Trump 230 11/08/16 11:01 AM CBS' Schieffer on Election Day: 'I feel really bad' 11/08/16 02:15 PM Beltway Confidential hour-by-hour election night guide 11/08/16 10:31 AM Illegals 5% of workforce, but take 26% farm, 15% construction jobs 11/07/16 09:02 AM Colorado woman casts ballot while in labor 11/08/16 03:17 PM Obama sticks with basketball on Election Day 11/08/16 10:23 AM Dems pull out all the stops for Clinton in Philadelphia 11/08/16 12:01 AM Visitors flock to Susan B. Anthony's grave on Election Day 11/08/16 12:07 PM Clinton borrows Bon Jovi: 'Living on a prayer' until votes are in 11/08/16 02:30 AM Vote because it's your civic duty, not because Madonna promises sexual favors 11/08/16 12:16 PM Exit poll: 71% of voters bothered by Trump's treatment of women 11/08/16 05:55 PM Lights out? Fears of EMP Election Day attack, 50M in dark 11/07/16 07:14 AM I'm 'That Republican Guy,' but I didn't vote for Trump 11/08/16 10:09 AM Amnesty tax: $15,000 per household, $1.2 trillion 11/05/16 12:02 PM Carter and Nixon were more popular than either Clinton or Trump 11/08/16 01:03 PM Graham abandons Trump, votes for third-party candidate 11/08/16 05:00 PM Last majority white election, minorities to give Democrats White House through 2060 11/06/16 01:32 PM Gisele Bundchen says she and Tom Brady didn't vote for Trump 11/08/16 05:16 PM Abortion, immigration top Election Day Google searches 11/08/16 05:46 PM The party of small government shouldn't try to make the media fair again 11/08/16 04:46 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us Hillary Clinton has sought to distance herself from Walmart's Walton family in recent years and has returned donations from the company in the past after they became controversial. (AP Photo) Walmart's Walton family backing Clinton By Sean Higgins (@seanghiggins) • 9/7/16 5:56 PM Sean Higgins Senior Writer The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/HeadshotHiggins_Sean.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More The heirs of late Walmart founder Sam Walton are backing Hillary Clinton for president. Collectively, the leading members of Arkansas' Walton family have given about $714,000 to the candidate and the Democratic Party during the current election cycle, federal records show. The donations are an example of the longstanding ties between the Walton and Clinton families. It is an awkward situation for the candidate, a former Walmart board member, since most of her allies in organized labor and the broader liberal movement detest the Waltons, mainly because of the company's anti-union stance. Clinton has sought to distance herself from the family in recent years and has returned donations from the company in the past after they became controversial. Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation's capital and beyond with curated News Alerts from the Washington Examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for Washington Examiner News Alerts. You should receive your first alert soon! But the connections continue to follow her: Emails from when she was secretary of state that were publicly released Friday show that she met privately with top Walmart executives in 2011 and that the agency assisted the company's effort to buy a South African retail chain called Massmart despite union opposition. Federal Election Commission filings show that Alice Walton and Sam Rawlings Walton, respectively Sam Walton's daughter and grandson, each gave $353,400 to the Hillary Victory Fund in late 2015 and early 2016. The fund is a joint project of the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic committees of 32 states and Puerto Rico that allows wealthy donors to provide the maximum allowable donation to all 35 entities at once with one check. The records also show that Alice and Sam Rawlings Walton each gave the Clinton presidential campaign $2,700 in 2015, the maximum allowed under federal law during the Democratic primary. Sam Rawlings Walton's wife, Tillie Walton, gave another $2,700 during the primary. Alice Walton also gave $25,000, the maximum allowed under federal law, to the super PAC "Ready for Hillary" during the 2013-14 cycle. Clinton family allies such as political strategist James Carville run the organization, now called the "Ready PAC." Also from the Washington Examiner McCrory overcomes bathroom bill, wins re-election North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory won his re-election bid over Attorney General Roy Cooper Tuesday night in the highest profile gubernatorial contest in the U.S. McCrory's victory came despite backlash to the highly-criticized bathroom bill he pushed for and defended throughout the past eight months. The bill, known as House Bill 2 (HB2), created a firestorm after it was passed in March, which forced transgender individuals to use the bathroom of their biological sex, not the gender they identify as. Cooper's campaign was centered around a repeal of HB2, arguing that it "writes discrimination into our law," adding that it has been a "disaster" for the state's economy. By Al Weaver • 11/09/16 5:14 AM The Walmart Foundation and the Walton Family Foundation each has given between $1 million-$5 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to its website. A search of election commission filings didn't show any donations by the Walton family to Republican nominee Donald Trump's campaign. The various donations run counter to the widespread perception of the Waltons as staunch conservatives. Clinton's ties to the Bentonville, Ark., retail chain go back to 1986, when she joined its board of directors while serving as the state's first lady. She remained on the board until 1992, when husband Bill Clinton ran for the White House. Sam Walton himself had called Clinton and asked her to serve on the board, she recalled in a 2004 speech. At the time, the company was being criticized for its lack of diversity. A 2007 Los Angeles Times story reported that it was Alice Walton, who knew Clinton socially, who suggested her as a board member. Also from the Washington Examiner With Trump as president, what's next for the Republican Party? The Washington Examiner examines the future of the Republican Party. By David M. Drucker • 11/09/16 4:57 AM Clinton received $18,000 annually for serving on the board and a bonus of $1,500 for each board meeting she attended, a 2006 Associated Press story reported. The Clinton family amassed $100,000 in Walmart stock by 1993, which was put into a blind trust after Bill Clinton was elected president that year. The Clintons flew on the Walmart corporate jet 14 times during 1990 and 1991. Labor leaders in particular hate Walmart for its anti-union stance. The company employs more than 1.3 million people in the U.S., making it the nation's largest private-sector employer. By all accounts, Clinton never challenged that stance during her time on the board. Instead, she reportedly pushed the company to hire more women and to focus on environmental issues. She was a public booster of the company. "I'm always proud of Walmart and what we do and the way we do it better than anybody else," she said at a 1990 stockholders meeting. "She was not a dissenter," said Don Soderquist, vice chairman during Clinton's tenure, told the Los Angeles Times in 2007. Clinton has distanced herself from the company in recent decades. He tenure on the Walmart board gets a single passing mention in her 2003 memoir Living History. She returned a $5,000 donation from Walmart's political action fund in 2008 after it became an issue in the Democratic presidential primary that year. She said at the time that the company's policies "do not reflect the best way to do business and the values that I think are important in America." Her campaign did not return another $20,000 in contributions from Walmart executives and lobbyists, though. As recently as 2014, she held a book signing event for her second memoir, Hard Choices, at a Little Rock, Ark., Walmart. Bill Clinton defended her board tenure in a 2008 interview with ABC, saying that they "lived in a state that had a very weak labor movement ... She knew there was no way to change that, not with it headquartered in Arkansas." Correction: This article originally incorrectly attributed Samuel Rawlings Walton's $2,700 donation in 2015 as having been made by his father, Samual Robson Walton. Top Story TRUMP TRIUMPHANT Trump's election is the culmination of Americans' dissatisfaction with the established political order. By Gabby Morrongiello • 11/09/16 2:35 AM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Sean Higgins | Labor | Hillary Clinton | 2016 Elections | Walmart | Endorsements Subscribe to Alerts + News + Sean Higgins + Labor + Hillary Clinton + 2016 Elections + Walmart + Endorsements Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2016 Washington, DC Politics 2016-09-07 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/walmarts-walton-family-backing-clinton/article/2601211 2016-09-07T17:56 2016-09-08T17:23 Walmart's Walton family backing Clinton The heirs of late Walmart founder Sam Walton are backing Hillary Clinton for president. Collectively, the leading members of Arkansas' Walton family have given about $714,000 to the candidate and the Democratic Party during the current election cycle, federal records show. The donations are an example of the longstanding ties between the Walton and Clinton families. It is an awkward situation for the candidate, a former Walmart board member, since most of her allies in organized labor and the broader liberal movement detest the Waltons, mainly because of the company's anti-union stance. Clinton has sought to distance herself from the family in recent years and has returned donations from the company in the past after they became controversial. But the connections continue to follow her: Emails from when she was secretary of state that were publicly released Friday show that she met privately with top Walmart executives in 2011 and that the agency assisted the company's effort to buy a South African retail chain called Massmart despite union opposition. Politics,News,Sean Higgins,Labor,Hillary Clinton,2016 Elections,Minusextra,Walmart,Endorsements http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-096c3e5a835de6e461be0b8183092fe4.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-096c3e5a835de6e461be0b8183092fe4.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Top Leaderboard, Site wide Left Masthead November 18, 2016 HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate Trending: bernie sanders donald trump election 2016 noam chomsky nodapl wall street Most Read The Secret Cost of Chinese Buffets, Part 2 Bernie Sanders Continues His Political Revolution Investigative Reporter Greg Palast: GOP Stole 2016 Election Using Voter Suppression, Purging Ploys Jon Stewart Reflects on the Election: Not All Trump Voters Embody ‘the Worst of His Rhetoric’ Why Every Person at the DNC Should Be Fired Most Comments Most Shared REPORTS None of Them Have Ever Been My President By Glen Ford / Black Agenda Report Donald Trump’s Business Empire May Present ‘Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History’ By Deirdre Fulton / Common Dreams Bernie Sanders Continues His Political Revolution By Sonali Kolhatkar Ear to the Ground 18 Journalism Groups Send Letter to President-Elect Donald Trump for Press Access Top WikiLeaks Editor: Democrats Should Be Happy About the Organization’s Commitment to Transparency We Are One GOP-Controlled Statehouse Away From a Convention to Rewrite the Constitution Elizabeth Warren Sends Letter to Trump: ‘You Already Appear to Be Failing’ on Campaign Promises A/V Booth Robert Scheer and Kali Nicole Gross Dissect a Startling Crime Jon Stewart Reflects on the Election: Not All Trump Voters Embody ‘the Worst of His Rhetoric’ Animation A Cartoonist’s Apology (Video) Arts & Culture Kurt Vonnegut’s Call to Save the Planet Is Just as Timely Now as It Was Four Decades Ago By Kurt Vonnegut / Alternet Through a Looking Glass, Darkly By Mr. Fish Frackopoly By H. Patricia Hynes Journalism Icon I.F. Stone’s Words Ring Truer Than Ever in ‘All Governments Lie’ By Jordan Riefe The Destruction of the European Jews By Raul Hilberg The Chain $26.99 Jr. Hoodie $35   Working-Class Struggles in Southern California Symbolize Blue-Collar Blues Across America Posted on Sep 7, 2016 By Bill Boyarsky   Daniel Anseko Vaina, an independent truck driver, on a highway bridge overlooking the Port of Los Angeles. (Bill Boyarsky) It should be named “the exploitation highway.” The path begins at the Los Angeles Harbor and extends about 100 miles east to the warehouses that process goods for Wal-Mart, Amazon and other retailers. These products are unloaded from container ships from Asian manufacturing plants, where labor is much cheaper than in the United States. Here, far from the noise of the Donald Trump-Hillary Clinton brawl, are painful examples of what this presidential campaign should be about—$10-an-hour working people struggling to raise their families out of poverty, straining to send their kids to school, falling through holes in the safety net. At the port, truck drivers—classified as “independent contractors”—wait in long lines to pick up loads. Driver Daniel Anseko Vaina told me he might get $185 a load to carry a container of Wal-Mart merchandise. From this, he subtracts $35 for fuel, $60 for the transportation company from which he leases his truck and another 5 to 10 percent for insurance, leaving him with less than $50 or $60 a day. Advertisement Square, Site wide The trucks carry the containers to warehouses. Most are east of Los Angeles, in the area known as the Inland Empire. There, goods are stacked, often precariously, on pallets, and then sped to sorting tables. Warehouse workers told me they receive about $10 an hour for dangerous work that offers no health or retirement benefits. One pallet knocked down Alejandra Lopez, 56. The company sent her to a clinic, which approved sending her back to work, despite extreme pains in her abdomen. She couldn’t make it. An attorney helped her get workers’ compensation, which paid for surgery. She cried as she told me her story. I met these workers while pursuing another story. We’d been talking at Truthdig about whether white blue-collar manufacturing workers, left behind in the current economy, would vote for Trump. But Latinos are now the largest single ethnic group in California, especially in the southern part of the state. Manufacturing jobs are declining. The white blue-collar workers I interviewed earlier in my career have diminished in number, along with the auto, aerospace and other manufacturing plants that once employed them. Instead of the story I set out to cover, my attention was caught by an article by professor Juan Lara of the University of Southern California: “Warehouse Work: Path to the Middle Class or Road to Economic Insecurity?” That was connected with another story of working-class economic insecurity: that of truck drivers, deprived of regular pay, classified as independent contractors—as if they owned a business. Together, they amount to a story: the exploitation of hard-pressed working people, no matter their ethnicity. Barb Maynard, a communications consultant for the Teamsters Union, which is trying to organize the drivers, introduced me to Vaina, a truck driver who goes by the nickname Seko. We drove around the edges of the Port of Los Angeles, which occupies 7,500 acres of water and land. The adjoining Long Beach Port sprawls across another 7,600 acres. The shipping industry says these two ports account for nearly half of the sea cargo coming into the United States. Classifying drivers such as Seko as independent contractors is a good deal for the trucking companies, which he said don’t have to pay salaries or benefits (drivers are paid by the company that receives the shipment upon delivery). Rather, money comes to the trucking companies from the drivers’ lease payments and parking fees for their trucks. The drivers buy fuel and supplies from the company—at the company store, you might say. As Tennessee Ernie Ford sang in “16 Tons,” “Saint Peter, don’t you call me ‘cause I can’t go. I owe my soul to the company store.” The companies say the arrangement gives the drivers the life of independent business people, able to choose their hours and working days. But the drivers’ days don’t allow for much independence. Seko said drivers begin lining up at the port at 3:30 a.m. to get a chance for a load when the gates open two hours later. “I start out at 5 or 5:30,” said Seko, who drives his truck until 3 a.m. Drivers circle the docks filled with containers, but there’s no guarantee of a load. “There’s no work,” the dispatcher could say, Seko told me. The warehouse workers have a different kind of bad deal. I met them through Sheheryar Kaooji of the Workers Resource Center, which is organizing warehouse workers to pursue rights guaranteed by law, such as safety and wage protections. He arranged for me to meet with five warehouse workers at the center, located in Ontario, Calif., a small city near the warehouses. They spoke Spanish and another resource center worker translated. They earn $10 an hour, the minimum wage. “Today, I made enough for my ride to work or to pay the babysitter,” said Marian Garcia, 45. She pays for her daughter’s transportation to college. To earn extra money, Garcia sells clothes and pots and pans bought off the internet. Warehouse work is dangerous. “There are so many injuries and accidents, you end up paying [your wages] for medical expenses,” said Rafael Sanchez, 54. “Boxes are stacked high, and there are injuries when boxes fall on top of you. Stacks topple over.” Speed for the quick movement of goods is all-important. “They used to time us,” said Sanchez. “We stopped that. Now they stand in front of you and stare. You will feel the pressure.” The workers are up against a business community fixated on recovery from the recession. I talked to Christopher Thornburg, director of the Center for Economic Forecasting and Development at the School of Business Administration at the University of California, Riverside. According to him, take-home pay for workers is understated. “Median earnings in the Inland Empire … is running $42,000 a year,” he said, adding that that’s what warehouse workers receive. But USC professor De Lara noted that that figure includes management and high-skilled jobs. If you count just unskilled, blue-collar workers, the annual pay is $22,000. For women, it’s $19,000. Generations ago, there were strong unions—the autoworkers, steelworkers, machinists, longshoremen and others. But an unfriendly judicial and regulatory system has made it almost impossible for unions to organize drivers classified as independent contractors or warehouse workers in scattered facilities, each with a different owner. That should be part of the presidential campaign. It took courage for the workers to meet with me. The bosses could retaliate by cutting their hours or not giving them work. I asked why they’d agreed. One said, “We want our children to have a better life.” Another told me, “The reason we are struggling is not just for our children, but for everyone who works in a warehouse.” I was stirred by those words and touched by their stories. They were far different from anything we’ve heard in the presidential campaign. TAGS: amazon asia blue collar donald trump economy election 2016 hillary clinton inland empire labor unions long beach port los angeles manufacturing port of los angeles united states wal-mart warehouse worker resource center working class Related Entries None of Them Have Ever Been My President Jon Stewart Reflects on the Election: Not All Trump Voters Embody ‘the Worst of His Rhetoric’ Donald Trump’s Business Empire May Present ‘Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History’ 18 Journalism Groups Send Letter to President-Elect Donald Trump for Press Access Email to a friend Get truth delivered to your inbox every day. New and Improved Comments If you have trouble leaving a comment, review this help page. Still having problems? Let us know. If you find yourself moderated, take a moment to review our comment policy. Join the conversation Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Right 1, Site wide - BlogAds Premium   Right 2, Site wide - Blogads Right Skyscraper, Site Wide Right Internal Skyscraper, Site wide         New on Truthdig None of Them Have Ever Been My President Posted on Nov 18, 2016 Robert Scheer and Kali Nicole Gross Dissect a Startling Crime Posted on Nov 18, 2016 Jon Stewart Reflects on the Election: Not All Trump Voters Embody ‘the Worst of His Rhetoric’ Posted on Nov 17, 2016 Donald Trump’s Business Empire May Present ‘Most Blatant Conflicts of Interest in History’ Posted on Nov 17, 2016 HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate A Progressive Journal of News and Opinion Publisher Zuade Kaufman | Editor Robert Scheer About Us | Contact Us | Advertise or Partner with Truthdig | User Agreement | Privacy Policy | Comment Policy © 2016 Truthdig, LLC. All rights reserved. Website development by Hop Studios Like Truthdig on Facebook  
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Thornography Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - People are rooting for Donald Trump to fail 11-17-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Christian Fauria says "Posse up!" 11-17-16 Dale & Holley   2016 AL Cy Young Award Winner Rick Porcello with Dale, Holley and Thornton Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on the late non-call against Gronk - 11/14/16 Enough About Me   Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Mookie Betts comes up just short for American League MVP,... Hot Stove Show: John Farrell talks contract, managing DH... Latest Columns Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a v... Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offs... Latest Audio 2016 AL Cy Young Winner Rick Porcello Hot Stove Show - Debating the MVP Race between Mookie Betts... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Julian Edelman’s childhood memories of 49ers games... Nate Solder’s absence from Patriots practice not injury... Latest Columns Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested ch... Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could... Nov 20 SF NE Latest Audio Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Kevin Durant on animosity for snubbing Celtics: ‘What can... Isaiah Thomas continues to bail Celtics out as rest of team... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... @8:00 PM Bos GS Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction by DJ Bean Latest Blog Posts 5 Things We Learned as Bruins fall to Wild on last-minute... Bruins, down David Pastrnak, go for road trip sweep against... Latest Columns New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar Final Min 1 Bos 0 Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Projecting the Domino Effect If MLB's Biggest 2016 Hot... Updating the Hottest Questions of the 2016-2017 MLB... NFL Matt Miller's Week 11 NFL Scouting Notebook: DeShaun Watson... NFL Kickers Fascinate, Infuriate and Have Some Wondering If... NBA Michael Jordan Comments on Russell Westbrook's Loyalty to... Bulls vs. Jazz: Score, Highlights, Reaction from 2016... NHL NHL Trade Rumors: Latest on Andrew Hammond, Islanders'... Stock Watch for Goalies Battling for Starting Spots in the... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Hour 2... Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Hour 1 2016 AL Cy Young Award Winner Rick Porcello with Dale,... 2016 AL Cy Young Award Winner Rick Porcello with Dale,... A little roasting of Jerry Thornton on his way out of the... Popular Audio  K&C - Gerry had the most painful day of his life; Chris... K&C - Donald Trump has made people go insane; Gerry and Kirk... Latest Podcast  Boston Sports 101 - Breaking the Curse K&C Recap Show - Minihane away, McNamara stories in play 11-17-16 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Devin McCourty says only thing to calm fans is to play better Devin McCourty recalls Colin Kaepernick winning 2012 game vs. Patriots » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Purchase a $50 eGift Card at JCPenney, get an additional... Station Events Miller Lite at Cask n Flagon... Fri, 11/18/2016 5:30 pm Whole Foods Jam the Van with... Fri, 11/18/2016 1pm-3pm » More Events Contests Win Big Y Gift Cards! Enter here for your chance to grab a $10 gift card to Big Y! 2 lucky winners will be upgraded to win a $80 gift card! Check out Big Y's... Kovalev vs. Ward Signed Glove/Custom Belt Enter to win an autographed boxing glove signed by both Andre Ward and Sergey Kovalev or a limited... » More Contests NFL New England Patrio.. Bill Belichick Tom Brady Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Yoan Moncada struggles in his first stint with the Red Sox 9-7-16 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Yoan Moncada struggles in his first stint with the Red Sox 9-7-16 Sep 7, 2016| Yoan Moncada has struck out in 7 straight at-bats, and the Red Sox have decided to sit him for a little bit. Glenn, Lou and Christian talk Sox and get into what the Sox should do with Buchholz in the long term. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. All you read me. Peace or no way we're moaning and 48. Right now on Sports Radio WEEI. I six point 77797937. Targets of football gonna get in the baseball here in the in a second. And we'll hear from Jimmy drop below coming up in this hour eleven through life you've talked in the media. That's onus would rather he's been through but he did buy that vehicle you're much. To operate one thing before we get a two Brothers are watching you use a baseball where it's been talking about how well we. Hard Knox is this year. So they get the the fifth episode last night. And it it was by far the best but only because. LaMarcus Joyner is totaled don't. We aren't dinosaurs again the journalists don't work Wal-Mart yup he wants or at Wal-Mart he's not gonna start the which role coach so he's on Eric reader hello welcome to Wal-Mart the election. And he he's walking out into the field and and so well. A Fisher Jeff Fisher asked him if he had overslept and he responds don't even warm. Right now then got another scene in which east sit there restocking of the secondary coach he said the rams can have their money man. And it goes on and on I work hard and if I'm not gonna start medical work. I did it. Ultimately full plate escape from money. I don't play but I don't go to each candidate I did notice I watched that show anymore it's. Her brother footballers. At a rock of love that watch all six the other day REI got a mollid ethic is seven may be actually of that show. Could ever want it easy watch a lot of parties to join an additional. You always has also been on the boat is always doubt and the hot hand tonight Paula welcome right now. The cameo. In it to wherever the football we're gonna win any awards. But it's nice to Atlantic. About it in my eye candy not the bathing suit on a mom's life on. Forums that he needs a lot. Of drugs sex and and so limited nudity he had a terrible people hope disguised orchestra on TV. You look like a complete idiot you're lucky. Talented pitcher lucky to be able to play in the National Football League and certainly becoming but the series. The only totally serious I know he was totally serious where's it hit from Arkansas. Through that horrible market. Is where where they started quarters up out of that Bob's discount whatever it like it's the worst part of it isn't as Wal-Mart started the Arkansas the port as the Jeff Fisher has the most going to be donors. Report won't know is that wal mart's stock here that can. Or could argue it should you're basically starting you're part of our nickel package and getting used a nickel awful so you're going to be out there unlawful illegal. It started and have decent. Website it says Wal-Mart shopper or shall all the pictures of all of it. We you're gonna go to Wal-Mart and outages oddities that exists with Wal-Mart shopper through this you think he can walk into Wal-Mart behead him issue the first week. It doesn't well to be huge sweep floats. If you don't like away or not. He's out of there is an American. Gay don't make me dead come out. Just that you would you rather like. That your hand off work just. It just. And stories. Are let's get to well let's get to the Red Sox. Com. How many things I can be. Warned about. With a it's harder to death. Project that probably sell it for what you got to go back to how many times have you changed your opinion I haven't changed my towards your ritual and it would defeat since I did you change your opinion when we're seller goes out there and he's competing for Cy Young years at Peking is going to be. A Boston they vastly overpaid in the war with the thinking. Going out and paying him just because he was 26 years old. He may be coming into the peak of his career should start results when you start a book I'm gonna get the book at them get to I'm. So I get the personal couldn't be more wrong about ports and I can't tickets or for a while Hanley Ramirez. Though wrong he has not been at the level. Or anywhere close to that or solo I thought it was going to be total Boston it was going to be disaster but they are for disaster. He is been fine he's been better than fine he hasn't been an issue. Eight if I think this secret his offensive numbers believe it or not. Ehrlich second or third for first base in this position itself a democracy well he's been terrific and I was wrong got one out of the room did you brought it up. That's when he bombs 89 stakes. So I bet that's that's stationary to 84 right in septa said. Of these days of it in 3035 whatever but he beat me twenty to 25 and driving coast on the out of the O 280 commit these. He's been better than I ever ever ever thought you would think so I say I'm wrong about that when he went to Clay Buchholz. The thing was I didn't want to give him away I think you wanted to give them what you with a year ago a year ago you wanna get away this year on the but I started like boat people that houses Don when the season start of it. While we do this again about god so. I never thought that he would be able to come back because. Specially since he's been up and down and throw multiple open he's back as the stars back the ball but he's back as part of me I always feared. That teaches us. Mentally tough now to be able to fight through this and say F you know I'm gonna show you how good idea. And I got to give credit that bouncing around like that. If you're a guy that's fairly weak if you have some issues some you don't. Self esteem issues or whatever. That's enough to knock you down to the point where you can't go out there and do what you need to do. He's defying all of us would get more critical I never saw the stuff. In a three year that's virus. It would give him a white practice news I don't wanna give that equity was in that rotation. They're visible -- no ball play buckle to history but we talked about we noble buckle to sister talked about the negative but I understand why is that pissed you off. Don't we talk but the positive enough. And it's we if you really know his history. And you know they've run is in there. What he'll be the best pitcher and your staff. As it happens every single year. Mean look at the last couple years when all three years for six years whatever it is look at it. There's always 1112 game stretch. When used lights out. It just happens it quite frankly last year if he took Alec the second start of the year was pretty much all year long before he got hurt Emmys can turn every year. We forgot about the positive. And when he's on a twelve game run if you pull them out of their rotation that we re week four that you missed eight or nine outstanding starts every user gets hurt. We have very goes over that run we'll get our number. But there's no about sort of saying is that there was above and half left right so. And it is and is ideal but it clip buckles gonna be good for awhile get hurt and suck for awhile. Why not do that from April to July yeah. And at the guide in August September haven't run which is what he's in the middle of what you brought in bright he brought in Rodriguez. How's it look like right now I think that that they wish they put Stephen right and it DL stint or little. A rehab start. I'm gonna have second thoughts and says the did you look all this crap these gold right now read that coughing up to big league baseball games in the pennant race. What would normally has birth signs raider tendinitis. At at night and nobody thought they were seated autos are you so get two opinions by about that nothing but double dealing with the pain. That might get a little injection in there and your fine ability to want to come back. To me like they wanted to in my review is hundreds hundreds of late is that exactly my deal with the buckles was. You know you always do that you had skilled yet talent. Just knew it was a ticking time bombs are going to be an injury overs because she was gonna mentally implode when you just on reliable in combustible just waiting for it to happen. But based solely on the Agilent dot he can do that even going back to his wife up in the book big topic and active and nothing Elvis speak. Click anything you raising money to have a charity event in a mocking his wife but you could get any worse but he's close and his job is getting demoted. I would say that under the circumstances. I'm not gonna say he's mentally competent and strong but he's handled this it's like Steve brought yes I did a bit lucky that you write and. See I I always thought that he had these runs and that. Because if you go back to 2013. They don't win. Without that run he had where he won his first what 91011 games something like that so he's always had these runs we know that. The key was tough enough. To be able to mentally tough enough to be able to battle back when they're tossing him now. He was basically don't mop up guy get out of the bullpen and you know got he's a mentally collapse yeah authority right wrapped and you know they were trying to penalty at all over the league to see if they can get something back. And he just couldn't get enough back to make it look good. Now we're at the point power at the point. Blue wrap this up while blacks are given credit on this one where you're looking to pick up what is that thirteen and half million bucks for next. Yet but it's not for me it's not for the reasons of keeping. It's. You know if you see what he does yeah the last few weeks. And Richard it was gonna be freeagent. Out of matches at Dodgers might try to lock him up if he could finish as strong as well before leaving gets to a over chills not they're click buckles the best pitcher and free agent market got market the best pitcher to free agent market you have for thirteen and a half million dollars. Why wouldn't you pick that up. And move. What was the sidewalk it's not good for clay. Right because you turned on the option it's nice little deal we pick up the options go one year deal doesn't help him out but as an organization what would you pick and a. I think you would write in mobile up. And he's got enough so now outs. Questions about it this is a thorn in September of think he's going to be fine so this is a team that's gone over the if you look at from the all star break and so that's a fairly large sample. The one thing that we feared the most in the first of the season I certainly it was there's going purchase. Starting pitching has been literally as good as any team in the American League right in the eighth inning. Believe that it maybe he'll let the recent killer. Well it in and not timely hitting in that lol we are going to at least a bit wary least of their worries. It really it if you if you're looking at the rotation for the for the policies which is something else we feared. You feel better about David Price don't you you certainly feel good about report cell round consistent. In the you're looking at your third in your fourth I mean based on. Roger is when Eduardo Rodriguez feels under percent and he feels good physically. He's got pitcher is is it too early hours it isn't just back and forth to give it back on it did Joseph Kelly train. We agree on bottom and jokingly told that a bit harder to secure votes are to throw us off. As I've I don't you never got up but I'll let you get out like jump back god is there room for one please blessed with a gold mine and I think it all else. And yet get the eighth inning. What the other day. There's just last night and it was like man I came in the eighth inning. And it was 99 it was 99 it was off speed 85 than it was 99. At it was a great eighth inning. Uga Uga vote two weeks year. And yeah you rotations is set. In my mind you at five guys right. Thanks comic view you appreciate the effort got to believe that that much damage happened the next liked it if you look at slide recently it's like back in the second base. I don't champ that a little bit but for the love of god. Europe pitcher which shall automatically us. But he does know a little bit of disarray and I think it missed the whole year because of that little woman's body it's not as not just Baghdad rotation this I don't know it a mile product out. It's a nice city here in the next week or so you go low leverage restart didn't. They'll bad start to give you something and Kelly and with your coaching gets in there so you'd. Like I would get some what's gonna step up some what's gonna figure this thing out musical are still in the mix. Vicious cut ziglar. Johnny can use them. Christ. I'll just say in right I mean I don't get this why did at a guy bigger ambient avid avid user I don't get the bleep out of get the sequence and I really don't summary doesn't believe in yeah. I don't know what it is he doesn't see him as of these are written into the Portland god right right and that's what it was it was isn't a sixty get a big a car whatever you're right but anyways. They got low but it time here. And they get to mark Joseph Kelly was a guy that you could sit here. You know what took so long. Honestly TC until the last cup outings while it was this now on this roster. The last two weeks of August that's a good deal them brought him back September 1 minute Kelly the last two weeks of August that's really gonna help the couple games Olympic cup from up. It was a tired that's what you do right shelf for weeks at a rest. You know and then send them back a much a let's get to my accountant who. Is striking out at every single at bat. Which at seven in a row or something like that it's had its neighbors Angela. He's really. You you could see it and I'm not a lesson misses. The kids coming in here in a tough situation. He's coming in it was gone through the cultural change over the last year and then you're asking him to go win there and suddenly they're developing a book on him. You could see it is struggling with a curve ball. Check the safeties Chris Kidd hit curve ball. And today and hear her at all and every fastball he gets us outside the strike zone you you can see it is that the book yet I can't market. And they and they know exactly what he is right now so what do you do with them you don't wanna give up obviously advocate he's got too much optional. Scott and memo of all. He he certainly looks like a player off the the scandal was confident he does appear he's on an extra calories before long programs. This is my bit it's and he came up in a dispute. You know because many more polished on the bases the ball almost in the field he's got a better idea the zone when he she'd been attendee up the playing. In the slipping John Husseini handles everything ready handles power fastballs he handles those sinkers away changeup curve ball. Is he left the up there is Paula fastballs in and he didn't sliders the other way you change it the other way or fastballs way the other way just covered all play. You know social Q2 what got a can do. Nokia's get a fastball. Well let's see begin to break a ball off it and let's begin to quick book you go right to a breaking ball simple yet. Up pull the trigger on hangers. He can't lay off the ones in the dirt like I said he's not get a learn how to hit a curve ball overnight this level that it just wake up tomorrow San Diego or in Toronto but second curve ball it starts with being laid off want. They'll lay off of it and don't miss the fastball curve also deepens don't right now he's missed a fastball he stuck in between he's in trouble so you sit appropriate for days. Now I give him go to test and I give below is the occasional star. Maybe it's one game at Toronto maybe it's not I don't know come back home give them a stark primary date anthrax in our own two days off I just. Now gonna bring it back a little bit you denounce the world these are start their basement every day or night got a real back. And he got to play Trevor shock poll tonight a team accused fight for his job. The night before eagle three for five of three for six when a bomb five RBIs. And into the field for three days. And you get left now. Now I don't know. That's not always stop at left is here at their base. We just it drives me go to remotely testing you want but you're going to take that doesn't sit CO2 both colts wouldn't say big hit a you know it it's their allegiance didn't matter where we want to type of giving you the answer I think they're bros list with animal you along. It's good that starting middle because they're gonna need at the skits of the fall calls his art in new report hi art. I don't. But it. Climate on the lookout no issue. Why do we are rationing and we're a little bit tender right. Oh I college actual oh the twentieth. News. I would that would bring up a clash in in the in the latter I don't know it beaten. You would if all your scene he's written a book warning. Well that's why it's not because of him. He came up because of the guys the big league level or get it done Bradley not hitting Bogart's anything. Well it. Didn't play enough or hitting OR that's why it's insane it wasn't him it was more of. He used to mention the other ticket for a price yet that this rally there I think. Day yes but he wasn't. He was not meaning for the longest time so they needed bats and he was killing it in triple. As Ben attendee was and that's why they brought him OK a double he was killing. So and they brought him rabbit disrupt traffic shock is the reason why he came up. Be honest with. Liggett Trevor shot the left handed bat was swayed in about consistently and well won't cut that would never be apparent Q what he's going. But he wasn't he wasn't out he was struggling now. He started to make about a contact and it to call the kid up and up she goes three for sixty and it with a bomb but if he was doing his job accountable and up in the first place. It's garlic Buchholz accused doing his job early on it still have a job in his rotation. Like Napa art I can totally understand my ball to those guys came to the big X. It makes all the sense in the world they were hitting and now you've got National League games were it's difficult to put David Ortiz into the lineup. Needed even more I mean take David Ortiz out of that lineup you could say it's it's a lot different. A lot different. I'd six point 77797937. 1145. You will hear from Jimmy drop life from fox. On air online via FaceBook Twitter and it's grab more of or wade were loading and 48 right now. Sports Radio WEEI. Why are growing Fauria talk a little baseball mixing in with the football they're from much illegal ruffle. But he thinks that. Polls show. We'll have that is in a few minority or better way it is really. Tightening up if you look this is going to be an unbelievable month between the start of the football season. And a month in which the Red Sox are going to have to fight and claw their way. Into the postseason because it is really tightening up right now the blue jays in the Red Sox or tied for first place in the elite Baltimore's only game now. We have to worry about right now is if you don't win the division. You're on a battle would Detroit and Houston. For a wild card spot. And by the way the Yankees have been playing some decent baseball as well though they're three and a half out in a while cardinal to get good enough you think David after. No I don't but the but the problem too is that you know the month of September he played division. I think these the best division. And amass the best team. Texas might be that but is our topic Texas. Houston plays the the eighties we saw that you want to let three should've won three three to pay the angels sock. In the that it twins the White Sox in in your division. You gotta go play the race who we've seen him in that they get good pitching. They got to explode bullpen did pick up some power they can be chipped in L and yankees playing outstanding right now yeah they are so you know that it's to have. It's one of the issues that you feel the Red Sox and you look at Theo. No real these last few games here we don't really have any easy once complained. Terry and I'm still amazed I was saying this weeks ago and I'm still saying especially with the improve. The improvement of the of the starting pitching. At the Red Sox are are tied in the division and still. You know a spec away from not even make it into the post season there at the offense there's a lot of recent look at starting pitching. What does not come down to the bullpen. And the manager. Basic music that he ever to break if a driving emergency brakes on a little bit if elect eagle pretty good regulate I should go better ship and I guess also emerged breakdown Diego. It's called emergency brake from now he smelled so it's not follow him for what Michael it's not him I don't these good manager you know is in the last few games they lost is nothing on him I mean Kimberly comes in a way back some most loss that's the right move record nuts about it he should know old. He can't come in now actually recently he's been doing just fine weaving in and see situation he's got a committed an ugly situation what is. But he but he hasn't done well in the past so you should know what's on him that's. Ansonia only shoot at me it's on the play that's on him but he brought ziglar yes particulars of milk cart you don't do you put a big poster in the back of jobs and apple over shoulder and I got out of Boca it's not significant is it and it's love affair with Pedro. And this Ramallah I hear the music coughed up games that cost them games that's why this. Did that they shouldn't be tied it before five games up on us. In the scheme of things in the annual look at those you'll look at those games and you've got to have some remote rightly everything's got chemical perfectly right there's going to be up you know a 5050 decision like I you know you just guessed wrong. It to me it's it's. Africa's rich is that the team league got to win the games this poster yes. That's a sick coughed up games I'll sit there it's July. But it it is they've they've coughed up games in my mind yes under sixty twos can be gained had a crappy team whose pitcher who's best pitchers. Just great Oakland then San Diego which got the lost those two games. But could endorse good scoring runs right but there's other I'm talking both those games and struggled games that given way. Whether the bullpen late had a couple of at a couple like you know block off error wins or losses are revival out. Up up eight to nothing and used again. They're they're been some bizarre games I just look at them and look at the offense look at the starting pitching now. And I would say they have the best starting pitching in the division. The bullpen is shaking put rentals ball. They're having all sorts of issues right now duke and shoot Toronto gives up of the lead me eight the other day an open trial of the truck and bought typical. Ticket the auto soda and ticketing problems all year long night before they lost the Yankees Angela read an article without read a Boston Globe with a Errol. Is that it's offered to wait too inconsistent. The coaches great offense but you inconsistent. And that's where ya what the Red Sox score all those runs c'mon score one run the next few nights I take two teams this would be a shame and it would be a disaster. If this team did not make it to the policies. It would give you what I'm away I know that I know that's that's out of saying it's insists this is scary when you look at where they are in the stand. And it's you could win the division. Or you could be totally out of this that. And housing and you know looking at New Yorkers looking up a run you know they've been on two and as you know where the rat I mean this is a team that was basically selling everybody. Is getting rid of advice of put pretty well for a team that's. The league gave up by so listen we're focused on next year and all the studs evident can't afford any stumble all know I had only lip slightly point one aliens well screen well the two teams of mean I believe it in the in the east like you said their that's the best division so you can have three teams Boston Toronto and Baltimore. I mean and you gotta look at the wild card in your rear grip against. Detroit it's a Boston Toronto Baltimore when you must have obesity just goes to Houston New York Kansas City. But the point is that Detroit. You know you recently played Baltimore right grind it out in a four game series and it Blaine Minnesota. It and eagle from Baltimore to New York who's playing great baseball and they go to Chicago White Sox right. Or Houston I think they're kind of they're on the outside but still there rated gas. Same thing you grind in a Baltimore Toronto and New York or playing good both side order Tampa Bay was kind of sneaky. And they got us the seven game home stand against Oakland and LA. The angels this would be an absolute. Disaster. If the Yankees made it in as the world record in the red so right when you can. Better than what we you can suggest that the Yankees blew up their team. And blew up three headed monster out of it would it would be out anything that would leave this date this should be off the charts as. Asked to go win this division I I agree they got to win the division I accustomed to when I'm not so sure play teams come out of this interest because of that scenario played out. Baltimore Toronto Boston all played each other New York's play each other vote grind it out. The better when it division developing preteen to come in the east that I do think team like Detroit. It's gonna get another wild card just because of who they've got mail. They've got Chicago and Minnesota got a bunch of games with them the right let's go to Matt that's implement IMAP. I don't. Well upon. Back until Kelly. I've never remembered usual no labor it must start. But after seeing them accountable and our potential Kelly it's stale Altman pitcher he burned out on by a Florida it's 999 and I 85. His pitch and it seems so much better it would only goal to enrich our reality to him that he he went to a little one yeah. Even warmer. It seemed like you know. He comes out and you know he isn't it all the children and our bullpen right now need someone like that. I agree I I Iowa studies better rentable that he's a two pitch guy throws pure heat out there. He is of open. That there aren't they also won New York has Joba Chamberlain unfortunately east you fiddle but. Don't you just killed in the bullpen that what I'm not a starter in terrible on that are made to those 67 inning the right to know. Two props. Yeah I got to find them it's you don't wanna give up on him as a starting your hope is Wade Davis. You know so yeah he could be I I just. I can't believe he was not appear before. A diet I have no idea he could change last two or three weeks for this team to be one more game. It is out that's out of there you don't at the island combat give him a break right now OC a coach you can look like that's gonna be a big one. Of course you can demoted to all the ball anything close to what we're accustomed to or is gonna be a guy's going to be at this hour. All great Gonzales come on people actually before it is outcome of the DL yeah as he both. For a reason charge show what makes you think he's gonna be any good is openly coach he's different. Third year and roadways and our children that I mean after awhile you figure out he's got only so many miles in him and then he just can't do it. It's a great question I don't know why they didn't take this hour put him on the sidelines with the afraid that he was not gonna handle well. I mean amicus Kelly was doing what he's doing now if I wanted to finally Eric is so much this year yeah for some weeks analyst. I don't get yours David in Florida I gave. What are gentleman I was doing. Thought I don't want then. Go out there and got an hour I rarely. Passionate about some help on how you vote. The ball is being I eat and go out at the current. Product I'm comfortable. That the simplest I mean. Batting out. In a band or attic. I bullied that over the next couple weeks. That it will be extension to get them double and Jimmy Kennedy that the despite demand. I. Am I handicap how integral they are all. About California angels pitcher credit Telecom I wake up and at. Yes. I'd just go light on me. I really didn't we have got abused or. No down side of baseball pitcher wearing kind of like hockey goalie mask. Crocker and inhibit their vision doc and border but now that I hate or beat or they make I mean you know. I mean not eagle eagle no amount I mean. I'm that they that they require. Pitcher to Wear some sort of element. Among now. At an album cages or whatever batting ailments but one thing except that in almost pitches ago. Probably feel uncomfortable with the and like anything else that takes a while right you do you work through the the comfort level and you get to the to a minor leagues like everything so in those that crop comes the big leagues there wearing at the comfortable don't know what's gonna throw one little. Wilhelm right now we just don't wanna do our let's check and see what Jimmy go rob poll asked the states and able do that coming up next. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Ryan Hannable11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly [..] + Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Rob Bradford11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her [..] "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets [..] + Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Christopher Price11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested [..] FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few [..] + Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Rob Bradford11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real [..] I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help [..] - Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could [..] What's wrong with the Patriots defense? Where are the sacks? Where are the turnovers? Is [..] + DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - DJ Bean11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over [..] + It Is What It Is11/18/16 08:05 am EST Julian Edelman’s childhood [..] - It Is What It Is11/18/16 08:05 am EST Julian Edelman’s childhood memories of 49ers games aren’t exactly like Tom Brady’s FOXBORO - This Sunday in Santa Clara will be a homecoming game for both Tom [..] + Big Bad Blog11/17/16 10:55 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins fall [..] - Big Bad Blog11/17/16 10:55 pm EST 5 Things We Learned as Bruins fall to Wild on last-minute goal A meeting between the goaltenders with the league's best and second-best mark [..] + Full Count11/17/16 08:57 pm EST Mookie Betts comes up just short [..] - Full Count11/17/16 08:57 pm EST Mookie Betts comes up just short for American League MVP, loses to Mike Trout Mookie Betts will have to wait his turn. The Red Sox outfielder finished second [..] + Big Bad Blog11/17/16 07:09 pm EST Bruins, down David Pastrnak, go [..] - Big Bad Blog11/17/16 07:09 pm EST Bruins, down David Pastrnak, go for road trip sweep against Wild Nobody in the NHL has been better away from home than the Bruins. The start to [..] + Big Bad Blog11/17/16 06:30 pm EST Marc Savard on career-ending hit: [..] - Big Bad Blog11/17/16 06:30 pm EST Marc Savard on career-ending hit: ‘I don’t know what’s wrong here, but I’m dying. I can’t see anything’ These days, Marc Savard collects paychecks from the New Jersey Devils. Last [..] + It Is What It Is11/17/16 05:03 pm EST Nate Solder’s absence from [..] - It Is What It Is11/17/16 05:03 pm EST Nate Solder’s absence from Patriots practice not injury related, 4 players limited FOXBORO - The Patriots had two players miss practice on Thursday, but only [..] + Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello [..] - Red Sox11/17/16 01:21 am EST Day to remember: Rick Porcello gets his award, Kate Upton doesn't get her way "Everything that drowns me makes me wanna fly." This is the saying that greets all [..] + Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts [..] - Red Sox 11/16/16 09:14 am EST Would you rather have Mookie Betts or Mike Trout? It's become a very real conversation I asked two scouts the same question: "Who would you rather have for the next five [..] + Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play [..] - Patriots11/17/16 10:03 am EST Patriots more prepared to play without Rob Gronkowski than ever before With Rob Gronkowski missing Wednesday's practice with a chest injury and reportedly being [..] + Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to [..] - Patriots 11/16/16 03:50 pm EST Patriots’ responses to late-season losses have traditionally tested championship character FOXBORO — Every season is different. Every team is different. But if the last few years [..] + Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask [..] - Bruins11/15/16 09:39 am EST Reacting to the Tuukka Rask reaction The "Tuukka Rask is actually good, after all" columns have been written over and [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 4192 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device. Post to Facebook Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one Jennifer Jolly, Special for USA TODAY 7:40 a.m. EDT September 9, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Ready for Apple's latest and greatest iPhone? Tech columnist Jennifer Jolly has tips on what to do with your old device. This thing is absolutely huge. (Photo: Reviewed.com / Kyle Looney) It happens every September like clockwork. Apple unveils a new smartphone, marking the unofficial start of the fall gadget season, and the official start of people everyone wanting the newest hottest handset. Before you fork over fistfuls of hard earned cash for the next new thing — here’s how to make  bank on what you already have lying around: Sell it to Apple Apple’s new iPhone trade-up program offers store gift cards for iPhone 4’s or newer models. Apple’s flat rates are more static than other trade-in options, which means you won’t likely see them shift much from day to day or week to week. However, the current prices for the iPhone 6 and later are some of the best around, with Apple offering as much as a $250 gift card for an iPhone 6 Plus in great condition. That’s less money than some of the other services, as you’ll read here in a second, but again, many other prices will drop dramatically over the next few days. (The company only accepts iPhones from whatever the previous generations might be though, so I’m out of luck with my 6S until the 7 arrives.) Sell it to a reseller Resellers such as Glyde and Gazelle are great picks again this year too. You go online and answer a few questions about what you have, they estimate how much they’ll pay you for it and send a box for you to mail it in. The last time I checked, Glyde offered $297 for a 64GB iPhone 6 in great condition. The site also warned that it expects prices to drop at least 15% by the time the new iPhone 7 comes out. That’s an issue across the board with many of these services if you don’t have another phone to use between now and getting the new one. USA TODAY What to expect (and what we want) from iPhone 7 Gazelle - Of all the bulk resellers, Gazelle is the most popular, and we’ve talked about it many times here before. Gazelle’s known for great trade-in values and fast payment turnaround times. All you have to do is select the phone, carrier, storage size, and condition from the easy-to-use trade-in tool and then wait for your pre-paid shipping box to arrive. Then, once you have your phone packed up, send it to Gazelle and wait for the cash to roll in. If you don’t want to worry about waiting for your phone to sell elsewhere or making a listing on an auction site, Gazelle is the ultimate no-brainer. If you have an iPhone 6s in decent condition, you can score hundreds of dollars for it. The exact amount will vary depending on the carrier and storage size — for example, a 16GB iPhone 6s on Verizon is worth $242 in excellent condition, but that same phone on T-Mobile is worth $238 — but as long as you’ve kept your phone in good shape, you can expect a solid lump of cash for it. If you have time to do some comparison shopping, double check the prices with Glyde, and others such as Nextworth, which runs a similar trade-in system, and see which one offers the most cash at the moment. uSell - You might not have heard of uSell, but if you’re determined to get the most for your phone you should definitely be considering it as an option. Unlike most other trade-in sites, uSell is actually a hub for many different resellers to attempt to outbid each other for your iPhone. These companies post their best offers on the site, and uSell organizes and matches you with whichever one is promising the best payout. Because of the competitive nature of the site, uSell’s prices can often exceed those on Gazelle and elsewhere, if only by a few bucks. USA TODAY Apple unveils iPhone 7, kills headphone jack Amazon - The world’s largest retailer got into the trade-in game a handful of years ago, and today it’s one of the most popular options. To get started, simply search for the iPhone model you own and see what prices are being offered. Chances are, the value will be similar to what is being offered elsewhere, but because Amazon also takes into account the color of your device, you might discover that your Rose Gold iPhone is worth a tad bit more than the Silver model with the same specs. Once you accept the trade-in offer, you can print a pre-paid shipping label and send the device out at your earliest convenience. The really nice thing about Amazon’s program is that once you lock in your trade-in price you have a full 30 days before Amazon expects it to arrive at their doorstep, which means you can use your phone for those precious couple of weeks until your brand new iPhone shows up. Walmart - If you hadn’t heard, Walmart is all about trade-ins these days, and the iPhone is no exception. You can browse the values for used iPhones on the Walmart site and see exactly how much they’re willing to pay you for your phone. Unlike most other trade-in options, Walmart’s criteria for a trade-in seem much more laid back, with only two quality options — either working or not — and no questions about the color of the device itself. You can trade in either online or in-store, but the one major drawback here is that you are paid in a Walmart gift card, rather than cash, which means you’ll have to buy your new iPhone from Walmart as well. Sell it yourself! If you’re no stranger to the likes of eBay and Craigslist, you might be able to get an even bigger payout than you could at any resale site or store. eBay specifically can be a great place to get lucky with bidders trying to outdo each other, but there’s also a very real risk of a bidder not paying for the phone once they’ve won an auction. That’s a risk for sure, but the reward is a potentially bigger bump in your bank account if it pans out. USA TODAY Incremental Apple should 'swing for the fences' As for Craigslist, there are some who absolutely love it, and if you list an iPhone you’re going to get plenty of attention. As always, try to price your device in line with what the resellers are offering to make sure you don’t get ripped off, and always make your exchange in a public place so you don’t fall victim to some punk trying to run off with your smartphone. Don’t forget to back it up and erase your info No matter how you choose to sell your phone, you should always keep your privacy and security top of mind, and that means wiping your device so that none of your personal info can be salvaged by the buyer. Here’s how to do it: First, sign out of your iCloud account by going into the Settings menu, selecting iCloud, and then tapping Sign Out. If you’re on an older iPhone which is still running iOS 7, you’ll tap Delete Account instead. Once that’s taken care of, go back into your Settings menu and select General, then Reset, and then tap Erase All Content and Settings. Verify your decision and then wait for your phone to wipe itself and reboot. The last step before parting ways with your iPhone is to remove the SIM card, which is located in a small slide-out panel on the side of the device. Find the SIM card slot and open it by inserting the SIM card removal tool into the small hole. If you don’t have a SIM card tool, a paperclip, thread end of a small needle (the more blunt part), or even an earring post (yep, just did it) work well too. Once the slot slides open, just remove the small card inside and close the SIM door again. Now it should be all ready for the next owner to make it their own! When all else fails, recycle responsibly. If your old iPhone isn’t worth the price of someone even paying postage for it, the Apple Renew program is an easy way to dispose of it securely and responsibly. Drop it off at an Apple store or ship it in — they make sure your personal data is destroyed — and then hand it off to Liam. According to Apple, Liam’s a freaky-awesome futuristic “line of robots than can disassemble an iPhone every 11 seconds.” It can also sift, sort, and save more high-quality components than previous methods, recycling more precious materials than ever before. While squirreling away old gadgets might just be a distant cousin to real hoarding — not serious enough yet to have its own reality TV show — there’s no reason to sit on a mountain of old devices. If you have questions, be sure to send us a note or use the comments below. Jennifer Jolly is an Emmy Award-winning consumer tech contributor and host of USA TODAY's digital video show TECH NOW. E-mail her at techcomments@usatoday.com. Follow her on Twitter @JenniferJolly. 4192 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 9 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 11 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? The Martin Agency Reduces Staff by Nearly 6% By Lindsay Stein. Published on September 07, 2016. Reprints Reprints A scene from the Martin Agency's 'about us' video. Credit: The Martin Agency Two months after losing its Walmart business, The Martin Agency has reduced its staff by 5.6%, or 29 people. The reduction, which leaves the Interpublic Group shop with 486 staffers, did not affect its London office, said Dean Jarrett, chief communications officer at the agency. He said "the vast majority" of the layoffs were in the Richmond, Va., office, where most employees are based, though a few people were cut from the New York office. Related Stories Publicis Groupe Creates New Entity for Walmart to Handle U.S. Creative, In-Store Marketing Harry Jacobs, Chairman Emeritus of The Martin Agency, Dies at 87 Geico's 'Unskippable' From the Martin Agency Is Ad Age's Campaign of the Year 2016 The workforce reduction is due to a number of factors, such as clients reducing spend, losing Walmart in July and The Martin Agency looking at how to realign resources for clients, Mr. Jarrett said. While he did not have a breakdown of the levels or roles that were let go, he said the agency had to look across all areas "to make sure we have the right mix of talent and skill sets across our organization," as well as "bandwidth left for new business." While Mr. Jarrett said it's a sad day for the agency to lose staff, it's looking to pick itself up and move forward. In July, Ad Age reported that Publicis Groupe and Walmart were creating a new entity to house the retailer's U.S. creative and in-store advertising, along with other pieces of business that do not involve advertising. The retailer had already been working with Publicis Groupe's Saatchi & Saatchi on creative, as well as The Martin Agency, which wound up losing all creative work for the business. In June, Harry Jacobs, chairman emeritus of The Martin Agency and the man who proved that great advertising did not have to come from New York, passed away at his home at age 87 in Richmond. At the beginning of the year, The Martin Agency's "Unskippable" campaign for Geico was lauded with Ad Age's first-ever Campaign of the Year award. The campaign also earned the Film Grand Prix at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity in 2015. In this article: Agencies Retail TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue

Facebook Pinterest Instagram 
    Kitchn
  Search Everyday Cooking Meal Planning Grocery Shopping Budget Smart Tips Kitchn Meal Plans Kitchn Menus How To Cooking Lessons Baking Lessons Knife Lessons Meat Lessons Pro Technique Surprising Ideas Cooking School Baking School Living At Home With... Kitchn Life Opinion LOL Healthy Living Children Travel Organizing & Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Tools Organizing Rental Kitchens Pantry Set Up a Kitchen Gather Kitchn Gatherings Cocktails Dinner for a Crowd Great Gifts Weddings Etiquette Holidays Gift Guides Shopping Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Snacks Dessert Cocktails Baking Thanksgiving-o-Matic Videos We Tried Patti LaBelle's New Desserts for Walmart and Here's What We Thought On Trend We Tried Patti LaBelle's New Desserts for Walmart and Here's What We Thought Ariel Knutson Sep 6, 2016 Dessert Dessert Products Feature Formats Food News Home Share Pin It Email Share Email (Image credit: Christine Han) Share Email Last fall Walmart released Patti LaBelle's sweet potato pie into the world and the internet couldn't get enough of the sweet treat. A review of this pie garnered a ton of attention on YouTube — over five-million views to date — and Walmart essentially sold out immediately. Well, Walmart is back at it again with four new Patti LaBelle treats to serve its customers nationwide. Are any of them worth trying? Would they live up to the success of the sweet potato pie? I obviously had to find out. The Goods Walmart released four new Patti LaBelle desserts nationwide: three cobblers and one cake. There is also a sweet potato loaf that Walmart released, but it has a limited release, and we did not get a chance to try it. The cobblers are sold pre-baked at Walmart. You can eat them cold if you're about that life, or reheat them in the oven for 12 to 16 minutes based on your preference. Here's what you should know about all of them based on the description on the packaging and ingredients listed. Patti's Good Life Berry Cobbler, $6.98 Walmart's description of the cobbler: "Loaded with raspberries, blackberries, blueberries, and boysenberries." A serving size of this cobbler (there are eight servings), contains 270 calories, eight grams of total fat, and 32 grams of sugar. Patti's Good Life Apple Cobbler, $6.98 Walmart's description of the cobbler: "Sweet Fuji apples loaded in a flaky top and bottom crust." A serving size of this cobbler (there are eight servings), contains 240 calories, 8 grams of total fat, and 30 grams of sugar. Patti's Good Life Peach Cobbler, $6.98 Walmart's description of the cobbler: "Flaky top and bottom crust bursting with sweet peaches." A serving size of this cobbler (there are eight servings), contains 280 calories, 13 grams of total fat, and 28 grams of sugar. Patti's Good Life Apple Pecan Cake, $9.98 Walmart's description of the cobbler: "Delicious blend of apples and Georgia pecans baked inside of a Southern-style layer of cake finished with buttercream icing and caramel." A serving size of this cake (there are eight servings), includes 320 calories, 17 grams of total fat, and 31 grams of sugar. The Results But first, a hit from Pattie LaBelle that you should probably be familiar with. Please play this song while you read the results of our research. For this not-very-scientific taste test, I let all the hungry people in our office have at the cobblers and cakes and asked them for their opinions. I did not heat up the cobblers beforehand — I could try to convince you that I did this for a reason, but really I just forgot. Plus, the cobblers are sold in the bakery section at Walmart, and you could very well just grab one for a last-minute picnic. Let's go with that explanation. The resounding winner of the taste test was the berry cobbler. Some of our editors went back for seconds (and thirds) on this treat. I was super impressed with all the different kinds of berries in this cobbler — it almost tasted like it was fresh. If I was feeling a little lazy before a potluck where I was supposed to bring a dessert, I would consider picking this up — especially if I could heat it up and top it with vanilla ice cream. The peach cobbler was also well-received in our office, but was noticeably sweeter than the berry cobbler. I would also recommend this for a lazy potluck. The apple cobbler was the sweetest of the cobblers, and was the least favorite in our office. The cinnamon flavor was a bit overwhelming for some of my colleagues, and the gelatinous nature of the dessert made it seem less fresh than the others. I was very excited to try the apple pecan cake — it looks so pretty! — but it was simply too sweet for me. The texture of the cake was great, and I loved the apple flavor, but the frosting was just too much. If you have a big sweet tooth, however, or know someone who does, this might be a nice option for a birthday. It's also only $10, so that's pretty awesome. Have you tried any of Patti LaBelle's new desserts for Walmart? Did you try the sweet potato pie last fall? Let us know in the comments! Share Email Submit a story Got a tip, kitchen tour, or other story our readers should see? Tell us about it! © 1994–2016 AT Media. Advertise With Us About Contact Press Privacy Policy Our Team Jobs Site Map Created with Sketch.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Barred broker suspected of stealing from 85-year-old woman: Mayfield Heights Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on September 07, 2016 at 12:18 PM, updated September 07, 2016 at 12:21 PM comments MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio Theft, Rosebury Court: A woman, 85, along with her attorney, reported Aug. 26 they suspected her personal broker was taking money from her account. She said she had not received her income tax return and after she questioned him about it, he came to her home and brought her a check for $542. He told her it was her tax refund, but the check was from a bank and not the U.S. Treasury. She had also provided the Bainbridge man, 46, with a check for $21,000 to purchase certificate of deposits, but he never provided proof that he had. After she involved her attorney, they learned the man had been permanently barred in 2014 from acting as a broker or from selling securities to the public. The suspect has not responded to the attorney's request of the woman's records and also failed to answer a call from police. The incident is under investigation. Theft of credit cards, Mayfield Road: A man reported Aug. 21 his credit card was used fraudulently to make a $500 purchase at Giant Eagle on Aug. 19. He said he was at work in Seven Hills at the time of transaction and he was still in possession of his credit card. His bank is investigating the incident. Fraud, Mayfield Road: A doctor reported Aug. 25 one of her employees called in prescriptions for controlled medications for a patient to pharmacies using her DEA number. The patient had not been prescribed one of the medications and the employee called in a higher dosage and usage frequency on another. She said she had since questioned the employee and the patient and the employee, a 43-year-old Solon woman, admitted she fraudulently called in the prescriptions and split the medications with the patient. She fired the woman from her position and told the patient to find another doctor. The local DEA office advised the doctor to file a police report. The incident is under review. Theft, Mayfield Road: A man reported Aug. 27 someone stole his wife's purse from the cart return at Walmart at he located the suspects across the street at Circle K. He and his wife had returned to Walmart after they realized the purse was left behind. It was missing, but the man recognized a vehicle at Circle K that he knew was parked next to their vehicle. He went to Circle K and confronted one of three women that were with the suspected vehicle. She denied having the purse, but the man saw it emptied out in the vehicle. He reached in and collected the purse and its belongings, but was still missing a credit card. It was believed one of the women tried to use the card at the pumps but it was denied because she didn't know the proper zip code to enter. The suspects left the area, but the man took a photo of its license plate. Responding officers spoke to a Walmart employee, who said he had stopped one of the women for shoplifting. He did not identify her though because he isn't a loss prevention employee. The main suspect is a 24-year-old Cleveland woman. The incident is under investigation. Animals, Golden Gate Plaza: A woman, 26, was warned about leaving a dog in a vehicle Aug. 28 and she said she and her boyfriend were in Chuck E. Cheese for just a few minutes. Her boyfriend, a 24-year-old Cleveland man, was found to have an active warrant in the city and subsequently arrested. Theft by deception, Marsol Road: A woman, 65, reported Aug. 28 she was defrauded out of $27,000 after she was lead to believe she won a sweepstakes on Facebook that was sponsored by Mark Zuckerberg. She was contacted in February by a woman, who claimed to work for Facebook and told her check would be withheld until she paid $27,000 worth of taxes and fees associated with the winnings. On several occasions, she wired payments between $1,000 and $3,000 to various people in Nigeria and California. She also had checks deposited into her bank and credit card accounts and was instructed to wire a portion of the money, in which she did. She later learned the checks were fictitious. On one occasion, she bought four iPhones and sent them to California. She became suspicious of the scam after she told the woman she would not send any more money and was then told she would be arrested for money laundering. The suspect has since closed the Facebook account. The incident is under investigation. Harassment, Eastwood Avenue: A man reported at 8:38 p.m. Aug. 28 a neighbor came to his home demanding he and his adult son come out and fight him. He believed the man was drunk and upset over an incident that occurred more than a year earlier. The man, 35, left prior to officer's arrival and was not at his home, but charges for menacing were signed against him. Disturbance, Mayfield Road: A man said Aug. 28 the mother of his son struck him with her car in the Walmart parking lot. He said he was behind her vehicle and trying to prevent her from leaving until she told him who was with their son. Officers spoke to the woman at her Mayfield Heights apartment, where she had left her son with her boyfriend. She said the man and his wife were punching her car windows and yelling at her. The man asked to prosecute, but was told surveillance video would need to reviewed. He showed signs of injury. Fraud, Mayfield Road: A manager of Howard's Jewelry and Loan reported Aug. 30 a former employee initiated a fraudulent loan for himself in February in the amount of $2,150. She said the Solon man, 50, quit his job the day before forfeiture notices were sent out and they realized what he had done. She said he had since made no effort to repay the loan and wanted to file theft charges. Officers called him at his new place of work and asked him to contact them when he was available to talk. The incident was forwarded to the prosecutor for review. Theft, East Miner Road: A resident reported Aug. 24 his bike, valued at $100, was stolen out of his driveway. There were no suspects or witnesses identified. Harassment, Maplewood Road: An apartment resident said Aug. 26 a neighbor told her to mind her own business and she has an ongoing problem with her. Officers spoke to the neighbor, who admitted making the comment and said it was because the woman follows her around the complex. She said she just wanted the woman to leave her alone. Officers told the woman what the neighbor said, but she continued to claim the woman stalks her by walking past her windows on the way into the building. She said she parks in certain spots for the sole purpose of walking past her windows. Officers suggested she get management involved in the situation, but the woman said "they are useless, just like the police." See more Mayfield Heights news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit Fall & Winter photos The seasons are changing & there's a chill in the air. It's time for fall and winter adventures near & far. Send us your fall & winter photos ... Share your photos» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Hillcrest news in your inbox Sign up for our Hillcrest newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Hillcrest HS News Latest Mayfield HS News | Latest Richmond Hts HS News | Latest Hawken HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Walmarts in poor neighborhoods get the worst Yelp reviews, analysis says bayonnewalmart The Walmart at Bayonne Crossing (Journal file photo) Print Email Craig McCarthy | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Craig McCarthy | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 07, 2016 at 10:56 AM comments A recent report claims that Walmart locations in communities of color and lower incomes have the worst ratings.  The study by Adam Reich analyzed the text of reviews and ratings on Yelp of more than 35,000 postings for 2,840 Walmart locations across the United States. The associate professor at Columbia claims the results show a correlation between a community's race and income and the average Yelp review of the local big-box retailer. Reich says his findings show that reviews of Walmarts in white, rich neighborhoods are more likely to feature adjectives such as "friendly" or "typical." But in low-income communities with a predominant population of black or Latino residents, stores receive lower ratings. Reich blames the subpar service on understaffing in these areas. Walmart called the report "flawed and without merit," according to Business Insider. The study published in the May issue of Context, a quarterly publication of the American Sociological Association, doesn't detail the number of positive and negative reviews. The study's reliance on only Yelp reviews limits the researchers from taking any of the reviewers' preconception on the store or specific locations.  Craig McCarthy may be reached at CMcCarthy@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @createcraig. Find NJ.com on Facebook.      Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties A purpose-driven life offers surprising protection against Alzheimer's These 25 hospitals got the top grade in safety ratings MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: These Dividend Aristocrats Are Delivering Disappointing Dividend Growth Companies such as Wal-Mart, AT&T, and Procter & Gamble are among the most respected dividend stocks around, but they are delivering disappointing dividend growth lately. Andrés Cardenal (TMFacardenal) Sep 7, 2016 at 9:47AM Image source: Getty Images. Dividend aristocrats are a select group of high-quality dividend stocks. Among other requirements, a company must have increased its dividends for 25 consecutive years or more to be considered a dividend aristocrat. Past performance is no guarantee of future results, but a solid track record of dividend payments can say a lot about the health of a business. On the other hand, many dividend aristocrats have been delivering lackluster dividend growth lately. This includes widely popular dividend stocks such as Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), AT&T (NYSE:T), and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), which are raising their dividends at anemic rates.  The retail giant is asleep On Feb. 18, Wal-Mart announced its most recent dividend increase, raising dividends by $0.01 per share, from $0.49 to $0.50 quarterly. This was the third consecutive year in which Wal-Mart increased payments by only $0.01, so lackluster dividend growth is becoming a trend for the discount retailer. The retail industry is aggressively competitive, and things are tougher than ever for brick-and-mortar operators because of increasing pressure from online players in the past several years. Wal-Mart is actively investing in people and technology to expand its online presence, and the company recently announced the acquisition of Jet.com for $3.3 billion to gain ground in e-commerce. Management is doing the right thing by putting the company's long-term strategic position above current profit margins. However, investments for online growth are taking a toll on profit margins, and consolidated operating income excluding the sale of Chinese e-commerce marketplace Yihaodian declined 7.2% last quarter. The stock is paying a dividend yield of 2.7% at current prices, a premium over an average dividend yield of 2.3% for companies in the S&P 500 index. In addition, Wal-Mart has a conservatively low dividend payout ratio of around 46% versus earnings forecasts for the current year, so dividend sustainability is not in question. However, as long as earnings remain under pressure, chances are that Wal-Mart will continue raising its dividends at a modest rate over the middle term.  Connectivity problems AT&T stock is paying an attractive dividend yield of 4.7% at current prices. On the other hand, the company has raised dividends by only $0.01 annually since 2009. These minuscule dividend increases are barely enough for AT&T to retain its status as a dividend aristocrat, but the company is really not offering much in terms of dividend growth. The telecom business is going through massive challenges since internet and related technologies are reducing communications costs across the board, which is putting considerable pressure on different industry operators. AT&T acquired DirecTV in 2015, and the company is now the biggest provider of pay TV services around the world. However, the pay-TV industry is also facing a major threat because of cord-cutting and the online streaming revolution, so AT&T is on the wrong side of major technological trends in its two main businesses. Wall Street analysts are on average estimating that AT&T will produce $2.86 in earnings per share during the current year. This puts the dividend yield at nearly 67% versus earnings expectations. Unless the company can materially accelerate earnings growth over the middle term, this doesn't allow much room for rapid dividend increases going forward. A business in transition Procter & Gamble made a series of mistakes over the past several years. The company entered too many markets, and product innovation didn't work out as expected. This produced a stagnation in revenue growth at the consumer-staples giant.  In order to jump-start performance, the company is transforming itself into a nimbler and more flexible organization. Procter & Gamble has sold nearly 100 underperforming brands over the past couple of years, and the company is embarked on an ambitious cost savings program. In cost of goods sold alone, Procter & Gamble has achieved over $7 billion cumulative savings since 2012. This transformation will probably be a good thing for investors in Procter & Gamble over the long term, but dividend growth has materially decelerated lately. The company raised dividends by 1% in 2016, a considerable slowdown from 3% dividend growth in 2015 and 7% in 2014. The dividend payout ratio is in the area of 70% versus earnings estimates for 2016, so the company will need to improve earnings growth if it's going to revitalize dividend payments in the future. The dividend yield is above average, though, in the area of 3.05%. The Foolish bottom line Don't get me wrong: Dividend aristocrats such as Wal-Mart, AT&T, and Procter & Gamble are solid and dependable dividend stocks, and they're good candidates for investors looking for defensive plays and current income. On the other hand, those looking for vigorous dividend growth should focus on younger companies with superior potential for expansion over the coming years. Andrés Cardenal has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrés Cardenal (TMFacardenal) Andres Cardenal, CFA is a tenacious researcher of the best investment opportunities around the world. Andres is an economist and CFA Charterholder living in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Naturally flavored. Follow me on Twitter for more investment ideas: Follow @andrescardenal Article Info Sep 7, 2016 at 9:47AM Consumer Goods Stocks AT and T NYSE:T $37.56 up $0.15 (0.41%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $68.97 down $0.22 (-0.32%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.65 down $0.42 (-0.51%) Read More 2 Stocks that Turned $1,000 Into Millions How Did the 5 Biggest Media Mergers Turn Out? How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year AT&T to Undercut Everyone in Pay TV Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Weather Blog 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Weather Cams School Visits Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Watercooler Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Let's Ask America Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Lifestyle + Home & Garden Diva of DIY Family Community Calendar Horoscope Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live Marketplace + BBB KCLive.TV About Us + Seen On TV Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Fill The Fridge Support 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 45° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 67° LO: 56° HI: 47° LO: 32° HI: 44° LO: 25° More Weather Traffic current alerts 2 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Florida sex offender lists Walmart as home address Sheriff's office: It's legal Mike Mason 7:43 PM, Sep 6, 2016 8:25 AM, Sep 8, 2016 Share Article Previous Next Fox4 finds sex offender listing his home as Walmart WFTX Sex offender 'living' at Walmart Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next LEHIGH ACRES, Fla. (WFTX) - A registered sex offender is officially listed as living at a Walmart in southwest Florida. Isaiah Jones, 27, was convicted of using a computer to lure children for sex, leading to his status as a sex offender. When approached by reporters of Fort Myers' WFTX-TV with an image of Jones, one of the store's employees recognized him. This month, Jones reported the Walmart in Lehigh Acres, Florida as his main residence. "Are you kidding me? He's registered as he lives here? There's no possible way," said one parent who was shopping at the store on Tuesday. Jones has a history of trouble with the law. In 2011 he was arrested twice; once for battery and domestic violence. Seven months later he was arrested for disorderly intoxication and causing a disturbance. In 2012, Jones was busted and charged with "using a computer to lure a child to engage in sex." "The way the world is today there's always a bad person no matter where you're going to go," said one shopper. Jones listed his status as "transient", or homeless, and registered his main home address as the Walmart location in Lehigh Acres. The store's manager told WFTX that he "knew nothing about Jones living there" and promised he "will tell his store manager" and they will "take action". Meanwhile, some shoppers plan to steer clear of the location until they know the coast is clear. “I'm probably never going to come back here unless I absolutely have no other recourse," said one shopper. The Lee County (Florida) Sheriff's Office said Jones' move is completely legal. They said it's up to Walmart officials to serve Jones with a trespass notice in order to have him kicked off the property. [Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story did not indicate investigators don't have any evidence Jones lived in or around the store.  We apologize for the lack of clarity in the original story.]   Copyright 2015 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Comments Top Stories Trending Now TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video WeatherSupport KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar Let's Ask America Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote How the one year, $99 Apple Music coupons work Posted on Wednesday, September 7th, 2016 at 8:07 am. PT Written by Dave Mark Earlier today, I linked to the Walmart offer for one year of Apple Music at $99. I went to the site and made the purchase. I got an email, immediately, telling me that the purchase was made. About an hour later, I got a second email with a link to redeem the offer. I clicked the link, was taken to iTunes, entered my Apple ID password, and clicked to redeem the code automatically entered from the Walmart page. I was then presented with a button that said “Extend My Apple Music Membership”. I clicked the button and got a message telling me my Apple Music subscription was extended through the end of September, 2017. More importantly, the message said my subscription would automatically be renewed at the $99 rate. It was not clear if I had to go back to Walmart to pay that $99. I suspect that Walmart is now out of the picture, that future payments will strictly be between me and Apple. I do not have a family membership, so it is not clear how that will work. If someone with a family membership does give this a try, please ping me on Twitter and let me know and I will update this post. Matt I bought the year membership at Walmart.com and clicked the link. I received the same message as you but, if I go to my account–either on an iOS device or my laptop, its shows my subscription as expiring next month and not in September 2017. What does your iTunes account say for the expiration date? Michael I’m having the exact same issue. Per Dave’s suggestion, I’m discussing with @AppleSupport and will update once I have some clarification from them on this. Mark Same issue here – subscription shows that it expires on 9/30/16. I haven’t opened a support case with @AppleSupport yet. Kris404 This ‘Apple Music Gift Card’ is a fiasco. I redeemed the $99 Walmart coupon code on a non-trial account and it crapped out with a strange message. Apple support made me sign up for a 3-month trial and there is no indication if my $99 “used” coupon will kick-in after. Matt Here is a confusing update, I just looked at my subscriptions setting on my Apple TV and that shows a one year Apple Music subscription auto renewing next year at $99. However on my computer, iPad and my iPhone I still see nothing showing a one year subscription. Michael Interesting. Apple Support asked me to try changing my subscription. When I informed them that the only option I had was “Individual (Month)” (no Family or Year options), they claimed that having no options signified that my yearly sub would kick in on Sep 30 2016. Dougie Shirlaw I’m holding off until I see how / if the family sub works. John Goodman Did you get any updates regarding how this would work with a Family Membership, Dave? Wal-Mart is still offering the deal… By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Time Tracking Sucks. Deal With It. Or Use Timing. Thanks to Timing for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2016 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
Oklahoma Gazette DW Focus NEWS Capital City Chicken-Fried News City government Education Election Election Metro Opinion State View all Chicken-Fried News: Stop the presses! - 1 day ago Chicken-Fried News: Safety coverage - 1 day ago Chicken-Fried News: Sticky fingers - 1 day ago Chicken-Fried News: Banking woes - November 16, 2016 Chicken-Fried News: Laid-back booth - November 16, 2016View all Law language of State Question 777 is major issue for opponents, as supporters preach its protections - November 2, 2016 Cover Story: The Nov. 8 election isn’t scary. We help you know what’s on the (very full) ballot - October 26, 2016 2016 Election: Joe Exotic’s White House run just the beginning of his political aspirations - October 26, 2016 2016 Election: As Election Day approaches, many seek help navigating flack attacks - October 26, 2016 2016 Election: Oklahoma ballot questions explained - October 26, 2016View all Teacher pay remains at the forefront of citizens’ minds after the election - November 16, 2016 School leaders debate the merits of a continuous school calendar - November 16, 2016 Cover Story: Poverty impacts disproportionate number of OKC residents - November 11, 2016 With majority of state in favor of teacher pay raises, question becomes how to fund them - November 2, 2016 Voters weigh $180 million bond package for OKC schools - November 2, 2016View all Letters to the Editor: Nov. 16, 2016 - November 16, 2016 Teacher pay remains at the forefront of citizens’ minds after the election - November 16, 2016 Law language of State Question 777 is major issue for opponents, as supporters preach its protections - November 2, 2016 Voters weigh $180 million bond package for OKC schools - November 2, 2016 Commentary: State questions require voter diligence - November 2, 2016View all Letters to the Editor: Nov. 16, 2016 - November 16, 2016 Teacher pay remains at the forefront of citizens’ minds after the election - November 16, 2016 Law language of State Question 777 is major issue for opponents, as supporters preach its protections - November 2, 2016 Voters weigh $180 million bond package for OKC schools - November 2, 2016 Commentary: State questions require voter diligence - November 2, 2016View all Cover Story: Poverty impacts disproportionate number of OKC residents - November 11, 2016 Childhood obesity hits Oklahoma hard - November 11, 2016 Oklahoma native creates online marketplace for space - November 10, 2016 Oklahoma City-County Health Department holds town hall meetings to get community insight - November 9, 2016 Voters weigh $180 million bond package for OKC schools - November 2, 2016View all Chicken-Fried News: Stop the presses! - 1 day ago Chicken-Fried News: Safety coverage - 1 day ago Chicken-Fried News: Sticky fingers - 1 day ago Letters to the Editor: Nov. 16, 2016 - November 16, 2016 Commentary: What have we done? - November 16, 2016View all Dakota pipeline protests swell local and national sovereignty and human rights struggles - 1 day ago Cover Story: Poverty impacts disproportionate number of OKC residents - November 11, 2016 Law language of State Question 777 is major issue for opponents, as supporters preach its protections - November 2, 2016 Cover Story: The Nov. 8 election isn’t scary. We help you know what’s on the (very full) ballot - October 26, 2016 2016 Election: As Election Day approaches, many seek help navigating flack attacks - October 26, 2016View all MUSIC Music features Music reviews El Reno couple opens a bar and venue to bring music and youth culture to their hometown - November 16, 2016 UPDATE Legendary musician and Tulsa Sound pioneer Leon Russel dies at 74 - November 13, 2016 Music legend and Tulsa Sound pioneer Leon Russell dies at 74 - November 13, 2016 Rapper Sturk draws inspiration from his brother and hometown - November 11, 2016 Lucius brings ’80s-styled synths and harmonized vocals to ACM@UCO Performance Lab - November 10, 2016View all Singer Cami Stinson and Vastye release a new song to follow up a star-studded September EP - 55 mins ago Kyle Dillingham & Horseshoe Road walk strong with fearless new release - November 4, 2016 Hannah Wolff uses new music to begin a new chapter of her life - September 14, 2016 Blake Lusk’s experimental To Be Human is one of Oklahoma’s most compelling releases of 2016 - July 21, 2016 Rapper Josh Sallee presents his strongest offering yet with new album Hush Hush - July 15, 2016View all LIFE Active Community Culture Leisure Features OKC Thunder partners with Uber to make traveling to and from games easier - about 1 hour ago Beer yoga combines physical and mental wellness with adult beverages - 1 day ago OKC bikeshare program gets user-friendly updates - November 10, 2016 OK Ale Trail 5K Run gives runners plenty of incentives - October 28, 2016 American Cancer Society’s 5K walk raises money for breast cancer awareness and research - October 27, 2016View all Cover Story: Studying the storied history of banning popular literature - September 30, 2016 Local therapist offers conflict resolution for bands - September 30, 2016 The Cattle Baron’s Ball is set to make its annual contribution to American Cancer Society - September 23, 2016 Heritage Hills Historic Homes Tour offers a chance to appreciate local architecture - September 21, 2016 AIDS Walk OKC and RED Run set for Sept. 25 - September 15, 2016View all MarriageMelody crafts custom love songs to make unforgettable wedding memories - 55 mins ago Alternative Thanksgiving celebrations offer a respite from stress - 1 day ago Red Earth’s Treefest expands in its second year - November 16, 2016 Lights on, Broadway! brightens up the holiday season in Automobile Alley - November 16, 2016 Cover Teaser: HOLIDAY CHEER! What do, see, eat and drink this season - November 15, 2016View all Edmond company takes its photography business to the skies - November 11, 2016 OKC bikeshare program gets user-friendly updates - November 10, 2016 Cover Story: Tricks! Treats! Frights! Delights! OKG’s Halloween event roundup is here - October 21, 2016 Cover Story: Studying the storied history of banning popular literature - September 30, 2016 The Of the Earth exhibit showcases Cherokee Nation’s relationship with the planet - September 23, 2016View all Kickin’ Route 66: Hit the road this fall to learn more about state, American history - September 22, 2016 Oklahoma City writer returns home to teach his craft - August 12, 2016 Oklahoma author Julia Thomas debuts first novel, The English Boys - July 6, 2016 Festival of the Arts celebrates 50th anniversary Tuesday through April 24 at Bicentennial Park - April 13, 2016 Fashion show raises funds for local nonprofit - March 23, 2016View all ARTS Arts Features Performing Arts Visual Arts Film Movie Reviews A background in skateboarding fast-tracked Steven Walker’s design career - August 19, 2016 Iranian-born artist Behnaz Sohrabian makes Oklahoma her second home - August 18, 2016 Art Gone Wild lets Oklahoma City Zoo critters get creative - August 17, 2016 Baloney Rodeo improv troupe returns to IAO for reunion shows - August 17, 2016 Painter AK Westerman and silversmith Nancy Jackson team up for Turn - August 12, 2016View all Local dance students will take the stage with Moscow Ballet for Great Russian Nutcracker - 1 day ago Comic Darren Knight enjoys the meteoric rise of Southern Momma - 1 day ago Cameron Buchholtz invites comedy fans to Opolis for a free taping of his live album - November 16, 2016 Touring group entertains veterans with ’40s-style show - November 9, 2016 Multitalented performer Ben Vereen brings his show to OKC - November 9, 2016View all Artist Mike Wimmer takes up residence at the historic Skirvin Hilton hotel - 55 mins ago Art Hall brings a public gallery to The Rise in Uptown 23rd District - November 11, 2016 Artist Christie Owen’s work grew from a means of self-therapy - November 9, 2016 Small Works, Great Wonders is a more manageable way to buy art - November 9, 2016 Visual artists Robert Peterson and Karam bring exhibits to JRB Art at the Elms - November 9, 2016View all Celebrate Native American Heritage Month with these film streaming options - 55 mins ago Doctor Strange shatters the god complex in one of Marvel’s best movies yet - November 11, 2016 DreamWork’s Trolls toys with a brightly colored musical wonderland - November 4, 2016 Many streaming options available at home this Halloween - October 27, 2016 Week of Ed Harris screenings and events benefits Norman’s Women’s Resource Center - October 26, 2016View all FOOD Food Features Food Reviews Restaurant listings OKG Eat Rococo owner Bruce Rinehart plans menu update - 60 mins ago Chesapeake Energy Arena upgrades food menus for Thunder basketball season - 1 day ago Habana Inn’s popular bars welcome new management - 1 day ago Food Briefs: Jonathon Stranger, Bedré chocolate, Oklahoma Visual Arts Coalition - November 16, 2016 Meet the Brewer: Bruce Sanchez of Twisted Spike Brewing Co. - November 16, 2016View all Tarahumara’s Mexican Cafe & Cantina is the place to be for mole in the OKC metro - 1 day ago Indulge in comforting soul food at Aja Bleu Café - November 3, 2016 Royal Bavaria offers authentic Bavarian fare in OKC - October 27, 2016 Del City’s Korean House is changing locations but keeping the menu diners love - October 20, 2016 Taqueria El Rey’s expansive menu keeps diners happy and satisfied - October 12, 2016View all View all Gazedibles: Party time - 60 mins ago Gazedibles: Snack attack - November 11, 2016 Gazedibles: Fresh meat - November 4, 2016 Gazedibles: Longtime favorites - October 28, 2016 Gazedibles: Wine heroes - October 21, 2016View all Programs OKC Restaurant Week Best of OKC Media Capital City Digital Flipbook Gazette 1 Gazette Next In Your Ear A&E Podcast Photo Blog Calendar List View Calendar View Submit an Event Event submission guidelines Contact Us About Us Staff Directory Gazette Locator Privacy Policy Submit a Letter to the Editor Advertise Recent: Celebrate Native American Heritage Month with these film streaming options - 55 mins ago MarriageMelody crafts custom love songs to make unforgettable wedding memories - 55 mins ago Singer Cami Stinson and Vastye release a new song to follow up a star-studded September EP - 55 mins ago Artist Mike Wimmer takes up residence at the historic Skirvin Hilton hotel - 55 mins ago Rococo owner Bruce Rinehart plans menu update - 60 mins ago Jason Isbell brings his even-keeled Americana to The Criterion By Jezy J. Gray   |   September 7, 2016 Jason Isbell (Wes Frazier / provided) On Monday, Jason Isbell — a former member of acclaimed Southern rock outfit Drive-By Truckers — brings his soulful brand of Americana to The Criterion along with Memphis folk-punk darling Lucero. Isbell gave a shot in the arm to those believers of country music when the Alabama-born singer-songwriter’s album Something More Than Free debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Country Music chart in 2015. (It also topped U.S. folk, rock and indie charts.) This might sound contradictory, but it isn’t: The same year that “bro-country” cash machines dumped radio-friendly and clichéd hits on genre fans, Isbell found success with integrity and a whole lot less radio play. “It’s kind of like the difference between Wal-Mart and a family-owned grocery store. Some people love Wal-Mart and they go to Wal-Mart when they don’t have to,” Isbell said during a recent Oklahoma Gazette interview. “You know, they actually enjoy being there. I worked at one when I was 16 or 17 years old, and I saw about as much of Wal-Mart as I think I ever want to see.” Isbell offers more than an alternative to this decade’s model of mega pop stars. His music weaves together a vibrant tapestry of autobiographical experience, alternative country, Southern rock, classic country, Americana and even gospel genres and themes. Indeed, he offers an altogether different model of white male Southern artist. Genre bender One of the things making Isbell’s genre bending significant is that he is one of few commercially successful country-styled singer-songwriters in the 21st century brave enough to sing about the realities of white masculinity in the American South. On “Different Days,” from 2013’s Southeastern, Isbell laments “another drunk daddy with a white man’s point of view.” On “Flying Over Water,” a character looks out the window of a Southern-bound plane to consider a “little empire . . . built by slaves.” By acknowledging that the world — and the South, in particular — means different things to different people, Isbell’s narrative bends the modern country and Americana playbook toward a richer account of American life. Isbell’s songs also portray women as human beings with complex motivations and desires. Tunes like Isbell’s “Children of Children,” in which the narrator reminds a character born to a young mother about “all the years you took from her just by being born,” are a far cry from Luke Bryan’s “Country Girl (Shake It for Me).” “Children of Children” is deeply personal for Isbell, he explained, because his mother was 17 years old when she gave birth to him and raised him in rural north Alabama. When asked about the song, Isbell pointed to the fundamentals of storytelling. “There are just bigger and broader stories out there” he said. “The difficulty is telling a story that’s bigger than yourself without being vague. You have to choose the right details. And if you’re writing from someone else’s perspective, you better be able to empathize.” Empathy is something Isbell has, and it’s part of what separates his signal from the noise of much of today’s modern music. Instead of flattening and over-simplifying other perspectives, Isbell renders them with sharp emotional intelligence and a remarkable sensitivity for human detail. Jason Isbell plays 7 p.m. Monday at The Criterion. (David McClister / provided) “I feel like what we’re doing is more of a boutique thing,” he said. “My goal, really, is to communicate with people more than anything else — more than selling them something.” Bettering business To that end, Isbell called the music industry what it is: a business. Making and selling music is a job, after all. He started playing music as a boy, and his grandfather taught him how to play mandolin. “They’re trying to make as much money as possible,” he said. “That’s what all of ’em are trying to do. If they tell you any different, they’re lying to you.” While Isbell maintains autonomy from that world, he acknowledged he still has a foot in it. He lives in Nashville, the epicenter of the country music establishment, and has enjoyed many of the traditional markers of industry success. Isbell recognizes that value, but he’s careful not to get too engrossed in it. He’s married to singer-songwriter Amanda Shires, and the couple had a baby girl a year ago. Shires also helped Isbell find sobriety in 2012 and recruited valuable industry friends to help. She, with Isbell’s manager Traci Thomas at Thirty Tigers (who also manages musicians like Oklahoma’s John Moreland and Alabama Southern soul act St. Paul and The Broken Bones) and musician Ryan Adams — who himself battled life- and career-threatening addiction around a decade ago — held an intervention and found Isbell treatment. He has said his Southeastern album is largely informed by that experience and his newfound, whiskey-free clearheadedness. “I’m lucky to have a second chance at all this. I don’t remember a lot of the good times from my days with the Truckers,” he told The New York Times in a 2013 interview. During the Gazette interview, he added, “Being at the top of the charts was exciting. It was really fun for a week or two. … Because it’s another thing that says, ‘You get to be a successful musician. You don’t have to go back to pushing shopping carts.’ But it’s not a reflection of the quality of what we’re doing. Those things are arbitrary.” Real life is what matters to this singer-songwriter. These days, he focuses on his live shows and touring. The troubadour has more than two dozen concerts planned through October in venues spanning arenas, music halls and clubs. Isbell performs with Lucero 8 p.m. Monday at The Criterion, 500 E. Sheridan Ave. Doors open at 7 p.m. Learn more at criterionokc.com. Lucero and Isbell also perform Saturday at BOK Center’s Mother Road Revival show in Tulsa. Visit bokcenter.com for more details on that show. Jason Isbell with Lucero 7 p.m. Monday The Criterion 500 E. Sheridan Ave. criterionokc.com 405-840-5500 $30 Print headline: Real deal, Singer-songwriter Jason Isbell shares more than music with his audiences — he shares the bittersweet glory of the human experience. Sharing Twitter0 Facebook0 Google +0 Linkedin0 Email this article Print this article Tags addiction, Amanda Shires, American South, americana, BOK center, concert, country, Drive-By Truckers, folk, jason isbell, john moreland, live music, lucero, Luke Bryan, masculinity, singer-songwriter, Something More Than Free, south, St. Paul and the Broken Bones, The Criterion Jezy J. Gray This article was written by an Oklahoma Gazette contributor. To reach an editor, please email jchancellor@okgazette.com with this story's headline in your subject line. Related posts El Reno couple opens a bar and venue to bring music and youth culture to their hometown Kyle Dillingham & Horseshoe Road walk strong with fearless new release Announcement: Norman Music Fest 10 headliners include Thee Oh Sees, Oddisee and more OKG e-News Signup * Email Name * Lists OKG Music OKG Art & Entertainment OKG Youth OKG Active OKG Dining * = Required Field @okgazetteMy Tweets Oklahoma Gazette Music Jason Isbell brings his even-keeled Americana to The Criterion Oklahoma Gazette About Gazette Media | Contact Us | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Home Copyright © 2016 Tierra Media Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction of content in any manner without permission is prohibited. To obtain permission, contact us. Top WordPress Lightbox

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 4192 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device. Post to Facebook Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one Jennifer Jolly, Special for USA TODAY 7:40 a.m. EDT September 9, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Ready for Apple's latest and greatest iPhone? Tech columnist Jennifer Jolly has tips on what to do with your old device. This thing is absolutely huge. (Photo: Reviewed.com / Kyle Looney) It happens every September like clockwork. Apple unveils a new smartphone, marking the unofficial start of the fall gadget season, and the official start of people everyone wanting the newest hottest handset. Before you fork over fistfuls of hard earned cash for the next new thing — here’s how to make  bank on what you already have lying around: Sell it to Apple Apple’s new iPhone trade-up program offers store gift cards for iPhone 4’s or newer models. Apple’s flat rates are more static than other trade-in options, which means you won’t likely see them shift much from day to day or week to week. However, the current prices for the iPhone 6 and later are some of the best around, with Apple offering as much as a $250 gift card for an iPhone 6 Plus in great condition. That’s less money than some of the other services, as you’ll read here in a second, but again, many other prices will drop dramatically over the next few days. (The company only accepts iPhones from whatever the previous generations might be though, so I’m out of luck with my 6S until the 7 arrives.) Sell it to a reseller Resellers such as Glyde and Gazelle are great picks again this year too. You go online and answer a few questions about what you have, they estimate how much they’ll pay you for it and send a box for you to mail it in. The last time I checked, Glyde offered $297 for a 64GB iPhone 6 in great condition. The site also warned that it expects prices to drop at least 15% by the time the new iPhone 7 comes out. That’s an issue across the board with many of these services if you don’t have another phone to use between now and getting the new one. USA TODAY What to expect (and what we want) from iPhone 7 Gazelle - Of all the bulk resellers, Gazelle is the most popular, and we’ve talked about it many times here before. Gazelle’s known for great trade-in values and fast payment turnaround times. All you have to do is select the phone, carrier, storage size, and condition from the easy-to-use trade-in tool and then wait for your pre-paid shipping box to arrive. Then, once you have your phone packed up, send it to Gazelle and wait for the cash to roll in. If you don’t want to worry about waiting for your phone to sell elsewhere or making a listing on an auction site, Gazelle is the ultimate no-brainer. If you have an iPhone 6s in decent condition, you can score hundreds of dollars for it. The exact amount will vary depending on the carrier and storage size — for example, a 16GB iPhone 6s on Verizon is worth $242 in excellent condition, but that same phone on T-Mobile is worth $238 — but as long as you’ve kept your phone in good shape, you can expect a solid lump of cash for it. If you have time to do some comparison shopping, double check the prices with Glyde, and others such as Nextworth, which runs a similar trade-in system, and see which one offers the most cash at the moment. uSell - You might not have heard of uSell, but if you’re determined to get the most for your phone you should definitely be considering it as an option. Unlike most other trade-in sites, uSell is actually a hub for many different resellers to attempt to outbid each other for your iPhone. These companies post their best offers on the site, and uSell organizes and matches you with whichever one is promising the best payout. Because of the competitive nature of the site, uSell’s prices can often exceed those on Gazelle and elsewhere, if only by a few bucks. USA TODAY Apple unveils iPhone 7, kills headphone jack Amazon - The world’s largest retailer got into the trade-in game a handful of years ago, and today it’s one of the most popular options. To get started, simply search for the iPhone model you own and see what prices are being offered. Chances are, the value will be similar to what is being offered elsewhere, but because Amazon also takes into account the color of your device, you might discover that your Rose Gold iPhone is worth a tad bit more than the Silver model with the same specs. Once you accept the trade-in offer, you can print a pre-paid shipping label and send the device out at your earliest convenience. The really nice thing about Amazon’s program is that once you lock in your trade-in price you have a full 30 days before Amazon expects it to arrive at their doorstep, which means you can use your phone for those precious couple of weeks until your brand new iPhone shows up. Walmart - If you hadn’t heard, Walmart is all about trade-ins these days, and the iPhone is no exception. You can browse the values for used iPhones on the Walmart site and see exactly how much they’re willing to pay you for your phone. Unlike most other trade-in options, Walmart’s criteria for a trade-in seem much more laid back, with only two quality options — either working or not — and no questions about the color of the device itself. You can trade in either online or in-store, but the one major drawback here is that you are paid in a Walmart gift card, rather than cash, which means you’ll have to buy your new iPhone from Walmart as well. Sell it yourself! If you’re no stranger to the likes of eBay and Craigslist, you might be able to get an even bigger payout than you could at any resale site or store. eBay specifically can be a great place to get lucky with bidders trying to outdo each other, but there’s also a very real risk of a bidder not paying for the phone once they’ve won an auction. That’s a risk for sure, but the reward is a potentially bigger bump in your bank account if it pans out. USA TODAY Incremental Apple should 'swing for the fences' As for Craigslist, there are some who absolutely love it, and if you list an iPhone you’re going to get plenty of attention. As always, try to price your device in line with what the resellers are offering to make sure you don’t get ripped off, and always make your exchange in a public place so you don’t fall victim to some punk trying to run off with your smartphone. Don’t forget to back it up and erase your info No matter how you choose to sell your phone, you should always keep your privacy and security top of mind, and that means wiping your device so that none of your personal info can be salvaged by the buyer. Here’s how to do it: First, sign out of your iCloud account by going into the Settings menu, selecting iCloud, and then tapping Sign Out. If you’re on an older iPhone which is still running iOS 7, you’ll tap Delete Account instead. Once that’s taken care of, go back into your Settings menu and select General, then Reset, and then tap Erase All Content and Settings. Verify your decision and then wait for your phone to wipe itself and reboot. The last step before parting ways with your iPhone is to remove the SIM card, which is located in a small slide-out panel on the side of the device. Find the SIM card slot and open it by inserting the SIM card removal tool into the small hole. If you don’t have a SIM card tool, a paperclip, thread end of a small needle (the more blunt part), or even an earring post (yep, just did it) work well too. Once the slot slides open, just remove the small card inside and close the SIM door again. Now it should be all ready for the next owner to make it their own! When all else fails, recycle responsibly. If your old iPhone isn’t worth the price of someone even paying postage for it, the Apple Renew program is an easy way to dispose of it securely and responsibly. Drop it off at an Apple store or ship it in — they make sure your personal data is destroyed — and then hand it off to Liam. According to Apple, Liam’s a freaky-awesome futuristic “line of robots than can disassemble an iPhone every 11 seconds.” It can also sift, sort, and save more high-quality components than previous methods, recycling more precious materials than ever before. While squirreling away old gadgets might just be a distant cousin to real hoarding — not serious enough yet to have its own reality TV show — there’s no reason to sit on a mountain of old devices. If you have questions, be sure to send us a note or use the comments below. Jennifer Jolly is an Emmy Award-winning consumer tech contributor and host of USA TODAY's digital video show TECH NOW. E-mail her at techcomments@usatoday.com. Follow her on Twitter @JenniferJolly. 4192 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu
null
Reportar Comentarios Cerrar Reportar un comentario Estás reportando este comentario a la redacción Debes completar todos los campos obligatorios para poder continuar. Los campos (*) son obligatorios ¿Por qué quieres reportar este comentario?: Seleccionar un asunto... Abuso personal Ofensivo Lenguaje inapropiado Datos erróneos Spam Copyrights Asuntos legales * Agrega algo más a tu reporte: ENVIAR Cancelar Reportar Comentarios Cerrar Tu mensaje ha sido enviado con éxito. Cerrar Article Español RSS APPS 18 November Home News Videos Multimedia Opinion Analysis Audio You're the Reporter Ciudadano Suscribe to the Bulletin Suscribe to the Bulletin In Depth Colombia's Elusive Peace Trump Presidency CIA in Ecuador Venezuela Recall Referendum Live Audio Only News > Latin America Workers in Puerto Rico Shut Down Biggest Walmart The protest forced Walmart to temporarily closed its doors after the police intervened. | Photo: Facebook / Juventud Trabajadora PPT Published 6 September 2016 Comments - “Walmart represents poverty, looting, exploitation, oppression and discrimination,” said the MST in a communique. The Socialist Movement of Workers, MST, protested inside the Walmart Supercenter in Santurce, Puerto Rico, Monday, denouncing under-employment and converting the U.S. Labor Day holiday into the “Day of Unemployment." RELATED: 21st Century Colony: US Picks Businessmen to Rule Puerto Rico The protest forced Walmart to temporarily closed its doors after the police intervened. “Walmart represents poverty, looting, exploitation, oppression and discrimination,” said the MST in a communique. “This megastore is the symbol of the life conditions and exploitation which want to doom us with the Fiscal Board,” it added, referring to the recently Washington-imposed board that will oversee the financial restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt. “Walmart not only displaced a number of small and medium businesses, but also gave very low-paid jobs to workers here, who are now unable to find good wages,” said MST spokesperson Hugo Delgado. “Under-employment, in our opinion, is just as problematic as unemployment. Today, on Labor Day in Puerto Rico, we are celebrating something that does not exist: employment.” According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the unemployment rate in Puerto Rico reached over 11 percent in July—totaling about 130,000 people, with a 0.2 percent increase compared with the previous month. “The issue with unemployment and underemployment in Puerto Rico is that it is not correctly monitored: each employee counts twice if they are working in two different companies,” explained Delgado. According to the MST spokesperson, the sectors the most affected by under-employment are service, retail and the food industry. Tags United States Puerto Rico debt crisis Puerto Rico Poverty inequality and development Caribbean Labor rights Walmart metro-El Vocero by teleSUR / md-RT-mk Read More Puerto Rico's Debt Board Couldn't Be Better for Creditors Protests Against 'Colonial' PROMESA Debt Plan Rock Puerto Rico 21st Century Colony: US Picks Businessmen to Rule Puerto Rico Vulture Funds Attack Puerto Rico Despite Bailout 'Rescue' Videos Opinion Was the US Election Stolen ...Yet Again? by Eric Draitser Will President Trump's Hands Be Tied? by Dr. Arshad M Khan After U.S. Election–Agitate, Educate, Organize: Willie Baptist by teleSUR ALBA and the Moral Poverty of the West by Tortilla Con Sal What Are the Prospects for Palestine Under Trump? by Max Ajl Newsletter Get our newsletter delivered directly to your inbox Boletines Your email has been successfully registered. Tell Us Your Story Have you got more information on any of our stories? Or have you got an original story to tell? Let us knowHERE Related News Puerto Rico's Debt Board Couldn't Be Better for Creditors Protests Against 'Colonial' PROMESA Debt Plan Rock Puerto Rico 21st Century Colony: US Picks Businessmen to Rule Puerto Rico Vulture Funds Attack Puerto Rico Despite Bailout 'Rescue' Puerto Rico Might Default Despite New Unelected Oversight Board Comment on facebook () Comment on teleSUR (0) Comment 0 Sign In or Register to leave a comment, use the forums and more Sign In Register Or log in with: Post with no comments. Terms of Use About teleSUR About Us Contacts Team Terms of Use teleSUR Apps Satellite Coverage RSS Public Procurement Sections Latin America World Sports Culture Technology Opinion Multimedia Videos Services Services Catalogue Spanish Subscribe to our news bulletins La nueva Televisión del Sur C.A. (TVSUR) RIF: G-20004500-0 © 2014 Telesur

null
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Trump effect on Calif. vote? 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro, police say Homelessness drops across nation, but California count rises Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State New A’s president Dave Kaval focused on stadium, community Jalen Richard’s ascent with Raiders a surprise even to him Cal’s Chad Hansen makes name on field, in end zone Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Business News Roundup, Nov. 18 Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Board-says-Richmond-Walmart-strikers-were-wrongly-9206306.php Board says Richmond Walmart strikers were wrongly punished By Bob Egelko Published 5:26 pm, Tuesday, September 6, 2016 The National Labor Relations Board says six Walmart employees who held a peaceful 90-minute strike at a Bay Area store in 2012, protesting their employment status and an abusive supervisor, acted within their rights and were illegally disciplined by the retailer. The supervisor’s actions included placing a rope on a counter of the Richmond store and telling an African American employee, “If it were up to me, I would put that rope around your neck,” the board said. It ordered Walmart to rescind its disciplinary actions, prohibit supervisors from threatening workers and repeal a policy that now disallows employees in its California stores from wearing union insignia on their clothing. “The employees were engaged in a (legally) protected work stoppage” that “sought to resolve pressing problems,” the board said in a 2-1 ruling, issued last week. The dissenting member disputed the legality of the protest and said it should have been conducted outside the store. The ruling “sets an important precedent: Retail workers have rights, too,” said a support group, Making Change at Walmart. Walmart said it was considering an appeal to a federal court. “No customers or associates should be prevented from shopping or working because of a group demonstration,” said the company, which refers to its employees as “associates.” The Arkansas-based retail giant has resisted all efforts at union organization. A month before the protest that was the subject of the ruling, a larger group of employees at the Richmond store held a one-day strike in October 2012. When they returned to work, the board said, supervisor Art Van Riper told other employees not to talk to them, predicted they would lose their jobs and said, “If it were up to me, I’d shoot the union.” Employees sent a letter to the store’s managers, complaining about Van Riper and seeking permanent jobs for temporary workers on a store remodeling project but got no reply. On the morning that the remodeled store was due to open in November 2012, six employees, including three who had taken part in the strike, walked away from their workplaces about 35 minutes before the reopening. They headed to a customer service area where two managers offered to meet with them individually but refused a group meeting, the board said. After the store opened at 6 a.m., the strikers were joined by as many as a dozen non-employee protesters, wearing shirts and carrying signs supporting the employee organization OUR Walmart. At one point the protesters moved briefly to an aisle near the main entrance, but they never got in the way of customers or other employees, the labor relations board said. A manager told them to leave and was joined by two uniformed police officers. The employees then punched their time cards and left the store around 6:55 a.m. Walmart issued all of them disciplinary citations, known as “coachings,” saying they had abandoned their work and denied access to a main customer aisle. The company fires employees for any misconduct after a third “coaching,” the board said. In ruling the protest legal, the board majority said the strikers had acted peacefully without disrupting business or interfering with Walmart’s property rights, had no other outlet for airing their grievances as a group and had not been warned they would be disciplined. The ruling was issued by two Democratic appointees, Kent Hirozawa and the board chairman, Mark Gaston Pearce. The dissenter, Republican appointee Philip Miscimarra, agreed that the protest had been peaceful but said it was unduly long and misdirected. The employees had “ample opportunity to present grievances to (Walmart) individually,” Miscimarra said. He said federal labor law does not protect employees who “enter a retail establishment and engage in disruptive conduct in the presence of customers.” Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: begelko@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @egelko Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FIERCE OBAMA CRITICS CHOSEN Trump makes picks for 3 top cabinet positions Trump reportedly considering Romney for secretary of state Latest News Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating BS from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps 17 questions to ask yourself before taking a new job Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as U.S. says goodbye SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 3 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 4 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the... 5 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland 6 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 7 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 8 Grandmother accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving... 9 The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as America says goodbye to... 10 Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions Latest News Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics ANF AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) vs. Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Walmart stock is a better deal. Here's what you need to know. Sep 9, 2016, 6:00 am EST  |  By Laura Hoy, InvestorPlace Contributor     Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) are both heavy hitters when it comes to discount shops, but the two companies have very different business models. For investors looking to beef up the retail section of their portfolio, determining which of the two is a better buy is essential. When stacked up head to head, Walmart stock and Costco stock are both good investment options, but WMT gets my vote for the better buy. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr On paper, COST may look like a better buy. The firm’s sales growth over the last five years has far surpassed that of WMT and the company also boasts a more favorable debt-to-equity ratio at 34.08% versus Walmart’s 55.86%. Those figures suggest that Costco is running a much tighter ship, and that appears to be true when you look at Costco’s business model. Costco’s Advantage The majority of Costco’s operating profits come from membership dues. Those fees represent nearly pure profit for COST, and renewals are even more lucrative because they require virtually no marketing spend. However, this model only works if Costco is able to get, and more importantly, keep new members every year. So far, the company appears to be doing this relatively well. 7 Energy Stocks You Can Actually Trust in Retirement In the second quarter, Costco’s renewal rates around the globe came in at 87.6% and in the U.S. and Canada that figure was 90.4%. Both of those numbers fell by a tenth of a percentage point from the previous year, and while that does raise some concerns, those are still pretty solid figures. Walmart Stock’s Strength Costco’s business model has proven to be a profit machine, but COST is also much more expensive than Walmart stock — WMT’s price-to-earnings ratio is just 15.69% versus Costco’s 29.87%. Walmart also pays a much higher dividend with a yield of 2.74% compared to Costco’s 1.14%, so Walmart stock offers value investors a much more compelling deal. Not only that, but Walmart appears to be setting itself up for a bright future a bit better than Costco has. Both stores have fallen prey to Amazon.com, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AMZN) growing popularity, but Walmart appears to be doing more to counter this threat. Walmart has been working to improve its e-commerce options, and last quarter’s results showed that those efforts are paying off as online sales grew by 11.8%. The firm also recently acquired Jet.com; a move that many believe will boost WMT’s online presence even further. Amazon still has the clear advantage when it comes to online shopping, but Walmart is playing to its strengths (think, thousands of physical locations and huge warehouses) by offering services that Amazon can’t — like a click-and-collect grocery service. WMT has also stepped up to the plate against Amazon’s Prime membership by offering an unlimited 2-day shipping membership of its own, for nearly half the price of a Prime membership. Costco, on the other hand, has done very little to beef up its own online offerings. This could end badly for COST because other than a pleasant in-store experience, Costco members may find very few reasons to continue their memberships in the years ahead. Already, WMT is able to rival Costco on price, and at Walmart, customers aren’t locked in to buying in bulk. If online shopping continues to gain momentum, Costco may struggle to hold on to members who are unwilling to pay a membership fee without the convenience of free shipping. The Bottom Line on WMT vs COST For investors looking far into the future and those looking for a value play, Walmart stock is a better pick. The discount retailer is struggling to come out from under Amazon.com’s shadow, but if WMT can successfully bolster its online presence, then the firm has the potential to regain its place at the top of the retail food chain. As of this writing, Laura Hoy did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 5 Stocks to Buy for September The 10 Best Cheap Stocks in the World Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/wmt-vs-cost-walmart-stock-costco-stock/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Is the Trump Boost Over for BAC Stock? Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Clock ticks down on overtime rule changes for businesses, could impact 52,000 Arkansans by Kim Souza. Published Sep 8th, 2016 4:13 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Joe, an assistant manager in the retail sector, earns a salary of $36,000 annually and typically works 50 hours a week. But come Dec. 1, his employer will either have to cut his hours to 40, raise his base pay to $47,765, or pay him time and a half for every hour he logs over 40 in a week. On the surface it sounds simple but the federally-mandated shift in salaried worker pay has been of concern in the business community. On May 18, the U.S. Department of Labor issued a new overtime law that will make 4.2 million salary workers like Joe eligible for overtime pay at an estimated cost to employers of $2.9 billion over the next decade. The DOL estimates that U.S. employers will spend $592.7 million to comply with the new rule in the first year alone. The law could impact around 52,000 workers in Arkansas, according to the DOL. The new rule is effective Dec. 1 and has been widely debated because of its arbitrary nature, said Michael Harvey, chief operating officer for the Northwest Arkansas Council. “For at least a year out businesses surveyed by the local Chambers of Commerce have voiced concern over this added regulation. They are nervous about it and the impact it would have on their operations. Many see it as burdensome and resent that it was imposed by unelected bureaucrats without Congress taking action,” Harvey said. “I know there are some abuses in play but this regulation will force some employers to make decisions that negatively impact jobs and likely produce a ripple effect through the economy.” Harvey said businesses most likely impacted by the new rules will be in retail, services and manufacturing. He said most businesses can’t raise someone’s salary from the threshold of $455 a week to $913 a week just because someone in Washington tells them to. A more likely scenario for employers facing this new regulation is to require them to work a straight 40 hours and track that time while paying overtime if necessary. In some cases it might make sense to split the 50 hours worked between two employees who might work 25 hours each. “Businesses will have to figure out what works best for their operations, but in some cases it will mean hours lost and in some cases more pay for the workers impacted by the new rules,” he added. “There will be winners and losers with this action.” Wal-Mart Stores and Tyson Foods were asked for comment on the new rule but neither company responded. At the store level, a large portion of Wal-Mart’s management is paid an hourly wage and the retailer uses a time clock to track those hours. But in the corporate offices there are a large number of salaried employees who do typically work more than 40 hours a week. If those workers already earn more than $47,476 annually they would not fall under the new rules. At the high-end of the salary rule the new regulations will also apply to workers earning at least $100,000 but less than $134,004. The same is true for Tyson Foods in its plant operations and home office. The new regulations also allow companies to apply up to 10% of non-discretionary bonus or commission pay to the base salary and that in some cases will make keep employees from earning overtime pay. Harvey said assistant managers and shift managers at the manufacturing level are the two areas possibly impacted from the law. In manufacturing, a plant’s ability to run at its optimum pace is key to its overall profitability, and tampering with workforce hours could cause a plant to run less efficiently. Jack Murders, plant manager of Marshalltown Tools in Fayetteville, said the facility does have a limited number of employees who will be affected by the new standards. “We have a plan to make sure we remain in compliance and it involves a couple of different approaches depending on job responsibility, current pay, etc. I’m not ready to discuss specifics because the employees in question do not yet know what our plans are,” Murders said. He said overall the plan to deal with the new rule change won’t likely have a major impact on the business or the employee’s pay. Harvey said companies are working to comply with the rule but another regulation is the last thing they want to deal with. Fayetteville-based Casestack officers say the new rule won’t create problems, but CEO Dan Sanker said work agreements should be between companies and employees without outside interference. “Rules like this don’t always work in the favor of employees. I’ve personally had opportunities in my career that I wouldn’t have had because a company had the freedom to hire me for an unpaid internship, or at a lower rate with potential upside. I appreciate that the government thinks it’s helping, but rules about how people get paid can take away stepping-stones that give employees and employers a chance to take a risk with each other. Millions of those small risks launch careers and build businesses,” said Sanker, who is also the founder of Casestack. Harvey said small businesses could be those most impacted from the rule change, as even the Council has one employee that may fall under the new rules. He said owners will have to keep a much tighter watch on the hours worked by salaried employees or pay out overtime which may not be in the budget. Steve Clark, CEO of the Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce, said they recently held a seminar in conjunction with the Arkansas State Chamber to educate small businesses on the new rule changes and the response from the nearly one dozen local companies who attended the session was somewhat surprising. “We thought we would have a few companies scream like their hair was on fire with this new rule change but once the entire law was explained and discussed we saw these businesses change their tune. Many thought they would have to raise the salary to the $47,476 range and that would likely bankrupt them. But when they realized what they really needed to do was better monitor the hours worked among their salaried staffs and adhere to the 40-hour a week maximum that was somewhat a relief,” Clark said. He said the small companies began to reflect on their operations and quickly decided a good strategy would be to examine the business closely and determine how many hours it takes do a particular job and then realign the staff. “The old adage, ‘Work ’til you get the job done,’ won’t fly any more under the new rule. Now it will have to be go home at five o’clock, or if you stay late, you will go home early tomorrow or come in later,” Clark said. “There will also be more policing of hours for instance that 90-minute lunch is probably out and the 25-minute conversation around the water cooler about last weekend’s game will have to stop.” Clark said the rule comes at a time when many businesses have been running skeleton crews and are hesitant to hire more workers because of they don’t know what’s around the bend. “We used to say to do more with less, but that’s got to change if a business is going to be in compliance with the new rules on Dec. 1,” Clark said. “One business owner admitted that perhaps some owners have worked small crews hard over the past few years to the point of diminishing returns. In other words, running short one or two people makes the staff tired and less productive by the end of the day. That has got to change.” Clark said the chamber is making some staff changes because of night events that might extend a staff members work 2 hours of more. He said none of the businesses in the workshop were prepared to raise their salary workers pay to $47,476 and few plan to pay much overtime, so workers will likely have more time off at the same pay and that alone could help company morale and performance. “I was pleasantly surprised to see the group we had see this as an opportunity to reflect on their own operations and perhaps make them better managers with a good understanding of what it takes to do every job they have,” Clark said. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 4shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Trump effect on Calif. vote? 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro, police say Homelessness drops across nation, but California count rises Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State New A’s president Dave Kaval focused on stadium, community Jalen Richard’s ascent with Raiders a surprise even to him Cal’s Chad Hansen makes name on field, in end zone Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Business News Roundup, Nov. 18 Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Coke-Walmart-bungle-9-11-display-Lauer-woes-9211259.php Coke, Walmart bungle 9/11 display; Lauer woes; 49ers’ Amazon deal Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 4:11 pm, Thursday, September 8, 2016 Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Matt Lauer looks on during the forum. Matt Lauer looks on during the forum. Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Coke, Walmart bungle 9/11 display; Lauer woes; 49ers’ Amazon deal 1 / 1 Back to Gallery D’oh! Honoring local firefighters and the people who died on 9/11 might be a noble cause, but not when you stack a bunch of Coke cans to look like the World Trade Center. After getting mocked online, Walmart removed such a display from its Panama City Beach, Florida, store, saying “there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display.” A photo on Twitter showed the twin towers built of Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner said, “We will never forget,” with the Coca-Cola and Walmart logos in a corner. Hashtag this #LaueringTheBar After Wednesday’s national security forum that featured interviews with presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, plenty of people on Twitter had a clear message for NBC host Matt Lauer: Don’t quit your “Today“ job. Some didn’t like what the host allowed to be said, what he didn’t challenge, how much time he spent on certain issues and generally how unqualified he seemed to be. Tailgating with Amazon The 49ers and Amazon Prime Now are teaming up to help fans get stuff delivered for their tailgate parties. Amazon spokeswoman Amanda Ip said deliveries will be available for the last four hours before 49ers home games in various parking lots. Prime costs $7.99 for one-hour delivery, but what about evading Levi’s Stadium’s notorious traffic? Ip said workers will walk, bike, take mass transit or drive to make their deliveries. No drones (sigh). Compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at sfgate.com. Twitter: @techbriefing Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FIERCE OBAMA CRITICS CHOSEN Trump makes picks for 3 top cabinet positions Trump reportedly considering Romney for secretary of state Latest News Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating BS from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps 17 questions to ask yourself before taking a new job Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as U.S. says goodbye SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 3 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 4 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the... 5 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland 6 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 7 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 8 Grandmother accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving... 9 The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as America says goodbye to... 10 Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Opinion The Conversation Florida Walmart takes heat for soda-themed 9/11 memorial FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart will now let you pay with your phone at all 4,600 stores nationwide. With Walmart Pay, the cashier scans a QR code on the phone screen to complete the payment. The effort The Associated Press FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart will now let you pay with your phone at all 4,600 stores nationwide. With Walmart Pay, the cashier scans a QR code on the phone screen to complete the payment. The effort is part of Wal-Mart's overall strategy to making shopping easier and faster. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart will now let you pay with your phone at all 4,600 stores nationwide. With Walmart Pay, the cashier scans a QR code on the phone screen to complete the payment. The effort is part of Wal-Mart's overall strategy to making shopping easier and faster. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) (The Associated Press) By Abby HamblinContact Reporter Panama September 11 Attacks The 15th anniversary of the terrorist attacks in America on Sept. 11, 2001 is this weekend, and one super store's attempt at a memorial is falling very short. In Panama City, Florida, a Walmart built a display that included twin towers made of Coca-Cola Zero, and an American flag behind it made of other red, white and blue Coke product packaging. Above the display was a banner that said "We Will Never Forget" which also included the symbols for Coca-Cola and Walmart. And oh yeah, there was a sign showing the Coke products used were on sale. The Panama City Walmart display Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The photo, posted Tuesday by Twitter user @online_shawn has been retweeted and liked thousands of times, leading to a slow build of outrage across social media. "One of the lamest things I've ever seen." Pure outrage. @online_shawn @geeoharee Oh man, they have GOT to be kidding.— Truly S. (@hotincleveland) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn @RedSoxPres This is just wrong.— Jerry Swider (@bassetcats1) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn Is that real?! Dear God, tell me that isn't real.— Vagenda of Manocide (@librarianatrix) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn I have no words. @CocaCola @Walmart Pitiful. Making a $ off of lives lost and the attack of our Country. Disgusting.— Julia Hassett (@juliebeams) September 8, 2016 Some people were blaming the entire state of Florida. @online_shawn pic.twitter.com/4WUuwYO6a2— Fim Oshin (@TheRealOshin97_) September 6, 2016 However some people found the display to be appropriate. @online_shawn What is the problem here? Coca Cola is paying tribute to our fallen. Find something important to be offended about!— Kelcey (@Kelceyrae1) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn to all here who are offended by this..........why....?— Aaron (@Cmonnn145) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn nothing wrong with this display...way to go making a simple tribute into a controversial topic...— Jerry Le (@lerugby09) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn Who cares? We have serious problems in the country and people are upset over a soda display?— Wave of Liberty (@waveofliberty) September 8, 2016 A Walmart spokesperson told Orlando Weekly that the display has since been taken down. He also said the idea for the display was ultimately approved by Walmart. Sadly, this Walmart isn't alone in trying to cash in on the memorial over the years. One Twitter user pointed to this outrageous tweet by SpaghettiOs in 2013. Uh-oh SpaghettiOs And the 2013 "Brand Hall of Shame" champion welcomes a new challenger https://t.co/959tgKeF2W @online_shawn pic.twitter.com/unYrOHxiGF— Judson (@judsontwit) September 7, 2016 We apologize for our recent tweet in remembrance of Pearl Harbor Day. We meant to pay respect, not to offend.— SpaghettiOs (@SpaghettiOs) December 7, 2013 Out of touch or thoughtful? You tell us. Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 58°
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»Walmart Makes Twin Towers 9/11 Tribute Out Of Coke Cans WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19  Euro +0,358 +0,55 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 09:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 65,03 65,18 16:31 64,99 65,11 16:31 08.09.2016 | 23:27 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Walmart Makes Twin Towers 9/11 Tribute Out Of Coke Cans BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - Walmart was heavily criticized after the retail giant stacked up packages of soda cans to look like the World Trade Center at a Florida store. The retail giant meant it to be a tribute to 9/11 victims ahead of the 15th anniversary of the terrorist attack, however, it backfired and was mocked and criticized by everyone. The World Trade Center towers were recreated using Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A printed sign above the display read 'We will never forget' with a photo of the twin towers and the logos for Walmart and Coca-Cola in a corner. Walmart, in a statement, said the display was removed. 'We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display,' it said. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 16:22 RBC Capital senkt Ziel für Wal-Mart - 'Underperform' Das Analysehaus RBC Capital hat das Kursziel für Walmart von 75 auf 72 US-Dollar gesenkt und die Einstufung auf "Underperform" belassen. Dies schrieb Analyst Scot Ciccarelli in einer Studie vom... ► Artikel lesen 15:52 Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target ► Artikel lesen 15:28 Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart ► Artikel lesen 13:04 Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Kulmbach - Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Martin Weiss, stellvertretender Chefredakteur vom Anlegermagazin "Der Aktionär", rät in einer aktuellen Aktienanalyse... ► Artikel lesen 12:26 Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety With Test of Blockchain Technology ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart WAL-MART STORES INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19 +0,55 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Latin Grammys 2016 Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony Seal Latin Grammys 2016 Performance With a Kiss Soccer and Rebirth: Carlos Vives Teases New CD/DVD Project, 'Carlos Vives + Amigos' Prince Royce & Gerardo Ortiz Talk Banda Version of 'Moneda' During Facebook Live Marc Anthony Honored by Colleagues During Person of the Year Ceremony: 'I Feel More Alive Than Ever' Tiesto & Budweiser Team Up for Branded Beers Following Tomorrowland Partnership 9/8/2016 by Kat Bein FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Jordan Loyd Tiesto onstage at Tomorrowland Festival.  Next time you're in England heading to the UK's version of Walmart, you can grab yourself a Budweiser with Tiesto's logo on it. Hold up, what? Tiesto has been working that Budweiser grind for about a year and a half, and it's a corporate sponsorship unlike most others in that parent company Anheuser-Busch InBev is down to do wild and crazy things – like surprise 30,000 unsuspecting campers at Tomorrowland with an exclusive, one-hour Tiesto performance. “They realized it was me as soon as I walked into the DJ booth,” Tiesto said. “The energy was crazy when they saw I was the special guest. It was fun seeing the reactions on their faces.” Watch Tiësto Trick EDC Las Vegas Attendees Into Thinking He's Marshmello The night before festival gates opened, Tomorrowland held a special party on a major stage just outside of Dreamville where campers make their home for the weekend. It was a lineup of mostly local acts, and no one could have ever expected Tiesto to make an appearance. There was a 10-minute intro complete with next-level spectacles like dancers descending from the sky, fireworks, and insane imagery. The first clue was a Tiesto voice-over talking about how excited he was to be there, but the real reaction came when he hit the stage. “You don't get to do a surprise set for 30,000 people very often,” Tiesto's manager Andrew Goldstone said. “It was totally fun, and he had a great time because he felt free to play a lot of different stuff.” You know he dropped his recent collaboration with Jauz, “Infected.” The track was made in partnership with Budweiser special for the Tomorrowland season. Tiesto & Jauz Team With Budweiser and Tomorrowland to Create Explosive Collaboration 'Infected' “Jauz is an extremely talented producer with a unique sound and style and it was great to work with him,” Tiesto says. “He put things in the track I would never have thought of. I think that the track blows you away. So much energy.” The idea with Budweiser goes that a truck full of Bud was parked next to the stage so that the beer could be “infused” with the power of Tiesto's bangin' beats. That special bpm-injected brew is now being sold in Asda stores throughout locations in England, Ireland, and elsewhere. Americans probably can't get their hands on it without resorting to the internet or friends and relatives overseas. True superfans always find a way. “A lot of brands are like 'we just want something EDM,' and that's not what ( Anheuser-Busch InBev) is about at all,” Goldstone says. “They get the value of integrating in the experience without hitting people over the head with it.” Don't hit your friend over the head with your limited-edition Tiesto Budweiser either, okay? Or maybe don't open it at all. If you're looking to snag one yourself, hit up Asda online. You're welcome.  FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Live Event 4 mins ago WATCH LIVE: Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan opens the Halifax International Security Forum Canada September 8, 2016 4:24 pm Updated: September 8, 2016 4:52 pm US man in hot water after floating to Canada on air mattress By Staff The Canadian Press ; A man relaxes on an inflatable lilo along the Mediterranean Sea on August 7, 2016. FILE - JOSEP LAGO/AFP/Getty Images What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen SAINT JOHN, N.B. – A young U.S. resident, driven by what he said was a desire to protect his Canadian girlfriend, used an air mattress to float across the St. Croix River in southeastern Maine and illegally enter New Brunswick late Wednesday, a Crown prosecutor says. Twenty-five-year-old John Bennett told police he had earlier tried to cross the border at Calais, Maine, but customs officers denied him entry because he was facing mischief charges in the U.S., lawyer Peter Thorn said Thursday. Story continues below “He was told by the officer that until he got those cleared up, he wouldn’t be admitted into Canada,” the prosecutor said. Bennett was sentenced Thursday to two months in jail. Thorn said the provincial court in Saint John, N.B., was told Bennett purchased an air mattress at the local Walmart, inflated it and later used a wooden board to paddle across to an area near Ledge Road, southeast of St. Stephen, N.B. READ MORE: 1,500 people returned to Michigan after floating across Canadian border However, a local resident spotted the man, and he was later arrested by the RCMP and charged with failing to appear at the border crossing as required by the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. “He was wet and carrying his boots … (and) walking towards the town,” said Thorn, a lawyer representing the federal Public Prosecution Service of Canada. Before Bennett pleaded guilty to the charge Thursday, he told police he had to reach his pregnant girlfriend in Canada because he was worried for her safety, Thorn said. “He said she had an ex-boyfriend who was threatening her, but that hasn’t been confirmed by the other party,” he said. Bennett has no fixed address but is believed to live in Calais. The prosecutor said he had heard of people swimming across the river before, but he said the air mattress method was a novel approach. As for the judge hearing the case, Thorn said he told the accused: “Pardon the pun, but it seems to me you wanted to get there, come hell or high water.” WATCH: Americans accidentally invading Canada on rafts rescued by coast guard    © 2016 The Canadian Press Report an error air mattress border crossing on an air mattress canada air mattress illegal entry to canada Maine New Brunswick Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Expert weighs in on 14-year-old girl who wins right to be cryogenically frozen WATCH NOW Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Two accused of causing crash while fleeing Eastlake police (photos) Print Email Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com By Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 08, 2016 at 5:14 PM comments Brandy TillettEastlake police  Joshua Bailey.jpgEastlake police  EASTLAKE, Ohio -- Two Cleveland residents are accused of causing a car crash following a short police chase Sunday in Eastlake. Officers tried to stop a 2006 Ford after learning the people inside were suspected of shoplifting at Walmart on Vine Street. The driver refused to stop and crashed into a van on Euclid Avenue, police said. The crash pushed the Ford into a street sign and several trees and caused it to overturn. Officers arrested a passenger in the car and arrested the driver hiding nearby, police said. The driver, Brandy Tillett, 32, of Cleveland, is charged with theft, receiving stolen property, failure to comply, reckless operation and driving without a valid license. Her passenger, Joshua Bailey, 32, of Cleveland, is charged with theft, receiving stolen property, resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer. Tillett and Bailey pleaded not guilty during their arraignments Tuesday in Willoughby Municipal Court. Both are scheduled to appeared at preliminary hearings Sept. 13, records show. A Walmart employee reported just after 8:45 p.m. that two people loaded a cart full of merchandise into their car and drove away. An Eastlake officer spotted the car turning onto SOM Center Road from Vine Street. The driver ignored the officer's order to stop and kept driving onto the Lakeland Freeway toward Interstate 90. The van hit the Ford's passenger side at Euclid Avenue, police said. The van's passengers were taken to Hillcrest Hospital for treatment of non-life-threatening injuries. At least one person in the van suffered a broken shoulder, court records show. Officers arrested Bailey in the overturned Ford. They found Tillett hiding in a recycling bin outside a house on East 267th Street, police said. Neither Bailey nor Tillett was injured. Investigators later learned the Ford had been reported stolen in Elyria, records show. To comment on this story, please visit our crime and courts comments section. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit Fall & Winter photos The seasons are changing & there's a chill in the air. It's time for fall and winter adventures near & far. Send us your fall & winter photos ... Share your photos» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Eastlake news in your inbox Sign up for our Eastlake newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Eastlake HS Sports Latest Eastlake North HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Top Local Stories Deontae Mitchell case: Last defendants to be sentenced in murder News Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Trump official: Rep. Mike Pompeo to be nominated for CIA director Elections Henry Ford College to hold adjunct faculty job fair Business Bakery associated with Capuchin Soup Kitchen broken into News 60-year-old man shot, killed at front door on Detroit's west side News Metro Detroit weather: Could break record high today Weather Man arrested for having gun at Detroit Metro Airport checkpoint News Mom points no fingers in son's accidental shooting death Washtenaw County FBI joins investigation after 3 women rescued from suspected sex trafficking ring in SW Detroit News FBI raids New York church after civil rights activists intervene News Trump offers Flynn job of national security adviser News Minnesota Mom Sues Her Trans Child Over Gender Reassignment News News Florida Walmart faces backlash over 9/11 Coke display Display has reportedly been removed By Shannon McLellan - Social Media Producer Posted: 2:33 PM, September 08, 2016 Updated: 4:28 PM, September 08, 2016 PANAMA CITY, Fla. - A Panama City Walmart is facing backlash over a Remember 9/11 Coca-Cola display at their store. The black Coke Zero cans are built in two tall columns, resembling in the World Trade Center, while other Coca-Cola cans form an American flag in the background. The banner that hangs over the display reads: "We Will Never Forget."  Twitter user Shawn Richard tweeted a picture of the display, which sparked outrage on Twitter. According to Orlando Weekly, Walmart initially approved the design. It has since been removed.   Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. Latest Videos 60-year-old man shot, killed at front door on Detroit's west side Metro Detroit weather: Could break record high today Man arrested for having gun at Detroit Metro Airport checkpoint Mom points no fingers in son's accidental shooting death U.S. and World News Official: Trump to announce national security team Sources: Trump asks Rep. Mike Pompeo to be CIA director China is ready to pounce if Trump axes Pacific trade deal Trump official: Rep. Mike Pompeo to be nominated for CIA director Entertainment News Teen hits back at ISIS by sculpting Nimrud's ruined artifacts Eminem's flop debut album 'Infinite' getting another look Watch the "Hob Nobble Gobble" Presented by Ford on Local 4, Friday at 8 P.M. Court blocks release of 'Making a Murderer's' Brendan Dassey Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Live Event 4 mins ago WATCH LIVE: Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan opens the Halifax International Security Forum World September 8, 2016 2:55 pm Updated: September 8, 2016 3:29 pm Teen who grew up homeless recognized for giving shoes to homeless man By Jenny Rodrigues Multimedia Producer  Global News WATCH: Phil Powell said he will always be willing to give to someone in need. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A teen working as a Walmart greeter in Georgia was honoured by his school district on Tuesday after he was photographed taking off his sneakers and giving them to a homeless man. “I looked at his appearance, and I realized he had no shoes, oversized shirt, oversized pants on, and his wife had holes in her socks, so I just knew, ‘Something’s not right,'” said Phil Powell. “I know he needs shoes, so let me just be a blessing for somebody else.” Story continues below Powell told NBC-affiliate WXIA that he experienced homelessness, off and on, for 10 years. READ MORE: Homeless man who lost his family to be treated to day of luxury from Calgary businesses “I’m 18 now and my last time being homeless was last year, right around my birthday,” he said. During difficult times, he felt buoyed by others’ acts of kindness towards him. “I was turning 13, and there was this man at my church, and he didn’t actually know it was my birthday, but I had complimented him on his shoes, and he said, ‘Do you want them?'” he recalled. “Most people just don’t understand, like, what something so little can mean to somebody else in their life.” READ MORE: Police officer pays for hotel and food for homeless woman and baby who escaped alleged abusive home Earlier this summer when he noticed the homeless couple at Walmart, he paid it forward by removing his own shoes – pink Converse sneakers – and giving them to the man. “I have some people who come to Walmart and tell me, they’ve seen the man on the side of the road, they’ve seen the pink Converses on,” he said. The high school senior was honoured Tuesday evening at a Douglas County Board of Education meeting with recognition for his act of kindness. “We are proud that he is one of ours,” school officials said in a statement. Powell hopes to continue his giving back by going into the medical field to study allergies. “My life is not the best. But at the end, I’m trying to make it the best,” he said. “Whether I have something to give or not, if I see someone in need, I will always be willing to give.” Follow @jennynotjen © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Act of kindness Converse Sneakers Georgia Homeless Man Homeless Teen Gives Shoes Teen Gives Homeless Man Shoes Walmart Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Expert weighs in on 14-year-old girl who wins right to be cryogenically frozen WATCH NOW Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.


null
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › News › World Wal-Mart store's Coke display stacked like Twin Towers removed Published 08/09/2016 0 Comments Share Wal-Mart store's Coke display stacked like Twin Towers removed BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Wal-Mart said a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Centre at a Florida store has been removed and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the September 11 attacks. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/walmart-stores-coke-display-stacked-like-twin-towers-removed-35033828.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article35033827.ece/52166/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-a7cafaa2-9ea5-4f0e-a91d-7e242ef685e4_I1.jpg Email Coca-cola apologised over the display Wal-Mart said a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Centre at a Florida store has been removed and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the September 11 attacks. The display was criticised online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and BuzzFeed wrote about it. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The photo showed the World Trade Centre towers built with Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. Wal-Mart said the display was removed on Wednesday. It said: "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended." The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honour local firefighters. It apologised and said the display has been replaced. AP Related Content Texas mattress company apologises for 'tasteless' 9/11 ad Read More Seven from same family killed amid Aleppo bombardment in Syria  Intensive bombing has hit rebel-held eastern areas of the city of Aleppo in Syria, hitting an area housing hospitals and reportedly killing seven members of the same family. German teenager accused of editing Islamic State propaganda  An 18-year-old has been charged in Germany with supporting a terrorist organisation by translating Islamic State propaganda and correcting errors. Suicide attackers leave civilians dead in Nigeria city attacks  Suicide bombers have attacked a checkpoint and bustling bus station in a Nigerian city, with four of them killed as well as two civilian defence fighters. 365 migrants 'dead or missing' after Mediterranean shipwrecks  The UN's migration watcher has said it now believes 365 people are dead or missing from Mediterranean shipwrecks in recent days. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World US court stops Making A Murderer inmate's release  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on websites  World The Shining actress Shelley Duvall reveals mental illness  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Fantasia Barrino slims down after struggling with 'pressure of perfection' Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Patricia Cornwell: 'When I was outed as a lesbian, I didn't leave my house for a month - I was afraid, horrified and humiliated' Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Jet isn’t actually cheaper than Amazon, study finds Gus Lubin Sep. 8, 2016, 2:32 PM 3,378 facebook linkedin twitter email print Remember when Jet.com promised mind-blowing discounts? Jet.com Jet.com launched last year with the promise of "mind-blowing" discounts against Amazon. More than a year later, however, the startup is struggling to match Amazon in prices and key inventory, according to new data. Boomerang Commerce conducted a study for Business Insider shortly after Walmart announced it was acquiring Jet for $3.3 billion in August.  Boomerang compared 331 best-sellers from Amazon that were listed and in-stock on Jet. It found that Jet was cheaper on only 16% of the items, while Amazon was cheaper on 44%. Meanwhile, Jet’s list prices were 16% more expensive than Amazon’s on average for items in the study. The study did not include Jet’s proprietary basket building savings, where prices fall when you buy items that can be shipped together. Even considering those, which add a 5% discount for the average basket, according to Jet, Jet is struggling to beat Amazon. Jet is also failing to match Amazon on key inventory. Of 1,600 best sellers from Amazon picked for the study, only 24% were listed on Jet. And that's just key inventory: Amazon's vast inventory blows away Jet's selection for less common items. Jet performed much better in a similar study conducted by Boomerang for the Wall Street Journal in September 2015. In that study, Jet was cheaper on 73% of items, while Amazon was cheaper on only 24%, even if Amazon was 3% cheaper on average. Jet’s inventory looked better at the time, too, with listings for 31% of the 1,600 best sellers from Amazon. Jet’s original business model promised discounts of up to 15% for customers who paid a $50 annual membership fee, subsidizing prices with the sales commission it collected from merchants. In October 2015, however, the startup abandoned its membership fee, while still promising discounts of around 5%. In November 2015, the Journal reported that Jet was bleeding money. Brandon Young at Boomerang said Jet appeared to stock items only when it could get a good deal: "Where Amazon is an endless aisle and sells items forever, Jet is more flash sale." Young said Jet’s selection, not to mention pricing, could improve after a merger with Walmart: "They’re now dealing in much bigger volumes. They may be able to leverage that to get much bigger deals." Jet, for its part, says it is beating Amazon where it counts. "For those items viewed on Jet, we are more frequently at parity with or below Amazon shipped and sold but the more important point is that our baskets cost less when people shop smarter using our proprietary system," the company said in a statement. Amazon did not respond to requests for comment. Even if Jet is slipping in price against Amazon, some people will stick with it. Indeed, this reporter recently started using it. In short, Jet is cheaper on some basic items, sells fresh groceries in some areas, and offers free two-day shipping for orders over $35. If that’s all you care about, it’s a good deal. By comparison, Amazon’s basic service doesn’t have fresh groceries and requires you to spend $49 for free two-day shipping; Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service has free two-day on many items and a bunch of bonus online content but no fresh groceries; Amazon’s $299-a-year Prime Fresh service has all Prime features and fresh groceries. Amazon also has a wonderfully robust review system, while Jet has no reviews at all, so Jet customers may find themselves frequently checking Amazon anyway. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: How Amazon is taking over retail in one chart DON'T MISS: There's an Uber for every letter of the alphabet NOW WATCH: These are the best watches at every price point Loading video... More: Amazon Jet.com eCommerce facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Jet isn’t actually cheaper than Amazon, study finds Jet isn’t actually cheaper than Amazon, study finds Jet.com launched last year with the promise of... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all Previous Next Walmart and Coca-Cola are slammed for disrespectful and 'tacky' 9/11 tribute in Florida store just three days before 15th anniversary Staff set up the display in the branch in Panama City, Florida  Packed Coca-Cola, Sprite and water in the shape of the Twin Towers Sign reading 'We Will Never Forget' was set up next to adverts for bargains Furious social media users then slammed the display as 'tacky' and wrong'  Walmart took down the display following the barrage of criticism The superstore have since blamed Coca-Cola, saying design was their idea Both companies have apologized for the display   By Wills Robinson For Dailymail.com Published: 13:53 EST, 8 September 2016 | Updated: 17:14 EST, 8 September 2016 e-mail 1.7k shares 426 View comments A Walmart store's shocking tribute to 9/11 has sparked fury just three days ahead of the 15th anniversary of the terror attacks. Tone-deaf staff at the branch in Panama City, Florida, decided to stack up packs of Coca-Cola, Sprite and water in the shape of the Twin Towers. Above the disrespectful display was a sign reading 'We Will Never Forget' alongside a banner advertising a 'Rollback' on the $3.33 soft drinks. On Sunday, people will gather at ceremonies across the country to remember the 2,996 people killed in the terrorist attacks.  The superstore slammed Coca-Cola, saying the design was their idea. Both firms have since apologized. Clueless: Staff decided to stack up packs of Coca-Cola, Sprite and water in the shape of the Twin Towers just days before the 15th anniversary of the attacks Above the disrespectful display was a sign reading 'We Will Never Forget' alongside a a banner advertising a 'Rollback' on the $3.33 soft drinks A customer took a picture of the arrangement and uploaded it to Twitter.  Shawn Richard posted a picture of the display which presented Coke Zero in place of Ground Zero. He told BuzzFeed: 'We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god. 'Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn't very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.' Furious social media users then slammed the display as 'tacky' and wrong'.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next GMA's Robin Roberts tells Tom Hanks how she saw 'Miracle on... Families of 9/11 victims describe the 'pain in their hearts'... Long-lost flag from famous 9/11 photo is found in Washington... 'They don't know it yet, but they're going to pay for it':... Share this article Share 1.7k shares Staff at the store (pictured) have since taken down the display. Both Walmart and Coca-Cola have apologized  Furious social media users then slammed the display, prompting Walmart to take it down Andrew Baker showed his frustration online, saying it was 'tacky' The display was taken down after the image started to circulate.  Walmart said the display was removed Wednesday.  A spokesman for the company said: 'We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended.' Coca-Cola said the display was meant to honor local firefighters. It apologized and said it has replaced the display.  It is not the first time 9/11 tributes have been condemned for being tone deaf. In 2014, the cheerleading squad from Lumberton High School in Texas was slammed for performing a routine to God Bless the USA with audio of the first news reports of the attacks on that fateful day. The same year a Birmingham-based tie company tweeted a photograph of the burning Twin Towers, asking their followers to get them 2,296 retweets In 2013, AT&T tweeted an image of a phone snapping a picture of the World Trade Center's tribute lights. They quickly deleted and tweeted an apology.  One customer said the display was 'disgusting' and 'unacceptable' and vowed never to shop in their stores again  Truly S wrote on Twitter that they thought the actions of store staff was a joke  This person said the arrangement was 'sick', but 'not in a good way'        Read more: Shawn (@online_shawn) on Twitter People Are Pretty Pissed About Walmart's 9/11-Themed Soda Display - BuzzFeed News Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.7k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B is 'frustrated' talking about Spice Girls reunion with Emma and Geri... and that it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear'  Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Divorce in the US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying Married substitute teacher's aide, 42, 'had sexual contact including oral sex with two male high school students - and made her husband drive one home after a tryst' 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Out of the shadows for the first time in 45 years, the disfigured hermit who hid away from society aged 15 but now faces his demons to pay respects to late Thai king  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Walmart in Florida removes Coke display in shape of doomed World Trade Center Dan Mangan | @_DanMangan Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 1:54 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Walmart&#039;s Coke Zero display depicts Ground Zero</p> <p>The big box retailer and Coca-Cola face heat on social media over a store display in Florida.</p> Walmart's Coke Zero display depicts Ground Zero    Friday, 9 Sep 2016 | 9:30 AM ET | 00:33 Here's a really — really — bad way to honor the victims of 9/11. A Walmart store in Florida has taken down a large display of Coke products that depicted the doomed Twin Towers at the World Trade Center after a Twitter user posted a photo of it. A large banner showing the skyline of lower Manhattan with the Twin Towers hung over two pillars made up of stacked cartons of Coke Zero, with the words "We Will Never Forget." The banner, carrying the logos of Coca-Cola and Walmart, also said "9-11-01," the date of the terror attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people in Manhattan, the Pentagon and Shanksville, Pennsylvania, 15 years ago Sunday. Right below that banner was another sign saying, "Rollback $3.33," referring to special price for the the Coke Zero, Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite and other soft drink cartons that comprised the boneheaded display. "Florida c'mon man," tweeted @online_shawn on Tuesday after snapping a photo of the arrangement. Tweet The tweet has been retweeted more than 2,500 times, and favorited more than 4,000 times. The Orlando Weekly reported that a Wal-Mart spokesman told the newspaper that the display had been erected in a store in Panama City, Florida, and that it would be taken down. The spokesman also said that Wal-Mart approved the display after it was suggested by Coca-Cola. A Coca-Cola spokeswoman said, "This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization's upcoming event." "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display," said Kimberly Kuo, the Coke spokeswoman. Dan ManganReporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- KO --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 59° 59° Low 50° High 77° Sat 53° 71° Sun 54° 67° Mon 51° 65° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Florida Wal-Mart Removes 9/11-Themed Coke Display After Photo Sparks Backlash Posted 10:39 AM, September 8, 2016, by Tribune Media Wire, Updated at 12:34pm, September 8, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email A 9/11-themed Coke display at a Wal-Mart in Panama City Florida prompted outrage after pictures of it circulated on Twitter this week, according to KTLA sister station WGHP. Shawn Richard tweeted a picture of the display, which presented Coke Zero in place of Ground Zero. The photo spurred thousands of angry retweets about the beverage company’s marketing ploy. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 “We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god,” Richard told BuzzFeed News. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.” A Wal-Mart spokesman told the Orlando Weekly that the company initially approved the display. He said Coca-Cola usually approaches them with ideas for display ideas, but that Wal-Mart ultimately has final approval. The display was eventually taken down, the publication reported. Sunday will mark the 15th anniversary of the terror attack. A total of 2,977 people were killed in New York City, Washington, DC, and outside of Shanksville, Pennsylvania, after 19 men hijacked four fuel-loaded commercial airlines bound for California destinations on Sept. 11, 2001. @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again. — Eric Kabakoff (@erickabakoff) September 6, 2016 And the 2013 "Brand Hall of Shame" champion welcomes a new challenger https://t.co/959tgKeF2W @online_shawn pic.twitter.com/unYrOHxiGF — Judson (@judsontwit) September 7, 2016 i mean actually this is the most american thing i have ever seen, and it makes me want to die slow and painful https://t.co/kzcLvnjFjh — debbie down n out (@_mxdean) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn @tovangar2 sick. And not in a good way. — Mrrwraoh (@mrrwraoh) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn @NeilGortz Tacky beyond belief. :/ — Daniel Gintner (@DreadJesterBatt) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn @JohnRiversToo Yikes! Bad taste. 😣 — craw (@cwforshizzle) September 7, 2016 This is THE ultimate in brand 9/11 cash-in tackiness and nothing will ever ever ever top it https://t.co/3VWNTcKfmx — Natasha Daly (@natashaldaly) September 7, 2016 CNN contributed to this story. 30.158813 -85.660206 Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Facebook Popular Arizona Grandmother’s Accidental Invite to Wrong Teen for Thanksgiving Dinner Goes Viral Texas Teacher Impregnated by 13-Year-Old Student She Had Sex With ‘on Almost Daily Basis’ Pleads Guilty: Report JetBlue Flash Sale Offers Flights as Low as $34; Book by Wednesday Video Shows Chili’s Manager Taking Away Free Meal From Army Veteran in Texas Latest News LA Auto Show- Opening Day Holidays at Disneyland Resort McDonald’s to Offer Table Service, Touch Screen Ordering at US Locations Fire Crews Respond to Pallet Yard Fire Burning in Perris Nation/World Mother Gives Birth in Checkout Line at Utah Wal-Mart, Insists on Paying for Merchandise Nation/World Photo Shows Dead Deer in Shopping Cart at Wal-Mart in Virginia Nation/World Texas Police Launch Investigation After Facebook Photos Show Man Apparently Dragging Girl By Hair Through Wal-Mart Nation/World Texas Baby Dies After Being Left in Hot Car for 9 Hours in Wal-Mart Parking Lot While Dad Was at Work Nation/World 1 Dead, 2 Injured as Good Samaritans Save Mom, Baby From Attackers Outside Wal-Mart in Kansas Money Smart Nation/World Nearly 1 Million Wal-Mart Workers Awarded Cash Bonuses as Part of Incentive Plan Local News Mom Arrested After Allegedly Leaving Baby in Car While Shopping at Wal-Mart in Palm Springs Nation/World Stranger Grabbed, Choked 4-Month-Old in Wal-Mart Checkout Line, Kansas Mother Says Nation/World Texas Teacher Brought to Tears When Good Samaritan Pays for Her School Supplies at Wal-Mart Nation/World Wal-Mart Now Selling Original Golden, Chocolate Deep-Fried Twinkies Nation/World Woman Dies After Being Run Over by Her Own Vehicle in Parking Lot of Memphis Wal-Mart Nation/World Idaho Teen Allegedly Raped by Truck Driver He Met Through Craigslist Ad Nation/World Wal-Mart to Cut 7,000 Jobs, Offer Workers New Role in Company Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Deadline Business TIFF 2016: Hipness Is Fleeting, But The Toronto Film Festival Still Cr… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News FanDuel & DraftKings Agree To Merger Deal Top Stories Awards TV Academy Elects Hayma Washington Chairman & CEO by by Michael Cieply TV ‘Hawaii Five-O’: Masi Oka Exiting After Seven Seasons by by Michael Cieply Film Netflix Scores Legendary’s Sci-Fi Pic ‘Spectral’ by by Michael Cieply International Amazon Prime To Launch Worldwide With ‘Grand Tour’ by by Michael Cieply Business TIFF 2016: Hipness Is Fleeting, But The Toronto Film Festival Still Crushes With Numbers by Michael Cieply September 8, 2016 10:09am 0 Business News 2016 Toronto Film Festival The Magnificent Seven TIFF 2016 MGM Hipness fugit. That a certain dusty counter-cultural festival had lost it forever was clear last week, when the Wal-Mart in Rocklin, Ca., put a Burning Man display just inside its front door, complete with a two-page checklist of supplies and a table full of cheap LED flashlights and bottled water. Related 'Blue Jay' Triple Threat Mark Duplass On Recruiting Sarah Paulson For B&W Indie: "We Were Really Chasing Something" One could argue that the Toronto International Film Festival is also little less hip than it used to be. Oddly, the festival lost some of its street cred with the move some years ago from the Yorkville district, where movie stars and Harvey Weinstein wafted in and out of those classy hotels, to new quarters in the Bell Lightbox and environs. The music tents and displays on the closed streets outside have a slightly pre-packaged quality, sort of like Universal City Walk (or, now, the Santa Monica Promenade). Too, some of the season’s more urgent movie questions won’t be answered here. Denzel Washington is on hand for Thursday evening’s opening screenings of The Magnificent Seven. But Fences, of which he is star and director, will wait for a later debut; so there’s no way to know whether that film will ultimately steal energy from The Birth Of A Nation, which screens here Friday, and become a standard-bearer for those who would like to see African-American cinema better represented this Oscar season. Likewise, Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk, from Ang Lee, won’t be here. So, until it appears at the New York Film Festival, it’s hard to tell whether the film, with its ultra-high frame rate, will bring the viewing revolution that failed to occur last year with Robert Zemeckis’s equally radical but little-seen The Walk, which had its premiere at the New York festival. Understand, Toronto is still a monster, loaded with 296 feature films, 138 of them, like Terry George’s The Promise, awaiting a first public showing, others, like Damien Chazelle’s La La Land, hoping to break out after showings at smaller festivals in Venice and Telluride. The feature documentaries alone, 52 of them, would sink most festivals. In truth, there is still too much here. No ticket to Disney’s Queen of Katwe on Saturday night? No matter, it would be hard anyway to squeeze between the Fox presentation of Hidden Figures, the annual Sony Pictures Classics dinner, and the international premiere of A24’s Moonlight. Squeezed out of The Promise world premiere on Sunday? Catch it on the rebound at a press and industry screening, and figure out how to keep your dates at the Participant Media party and the Nocturnal Animals screening, all at the same time. The Toronto festival might have lost a little of its cutting edge to the newly aggressive New York and AFI film festivals, and it has long had to push against Telluride and Venice, which come earlier. But it is still overwhelming.   Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments What's Hot on Deadline 1 Lisa Lynn Masters Dies: 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' Actress Was 52 2 Netflix Lands Legendary Sci-Fi Action Film 'Spectral' 3 'How To Get Away With Murder' Loses Series-Regular In Mid-Season Shocker [Spoiler] 4 'Hawaii Five-O': Masi Oka Exiting CBS Drama Series After Seven Seasons 5 Bill O'Reilly's Show Trounces Megyn Kelly's Appearance On Anderson Cooper's Show 6 Wrekin Hill Pins Down UFC Star Ronda Rousey Docu 'Through My Father's Eyes' For Spring Release 7 Ted Sarandos And Brian Grazer: Hollywood Is Moving Towards Greater Diversity 8 Thunder Studios Launches Indie Film Unit 9 'Doctor Strange' Actor Scott Adkins Heads To 'Accident Man' 10 'XXX: The Return Of Xander Cage' Trailer Hits 100M Views In Two Days Latest Business News DraftKings And FanDuel Agree To Merge In Effort To Propel Fantasy Sports SAG-AFTRA Picket At Insomniac Games Draws 400-Plus Protesters – And Bagpipes; Companies’ Rep Responds: Update Fox Searchlight Taps Meredith Milton As SVP Production Fox Film Ups Paul Hoffman To Head Of Biz Affairs AMC Networks Ups Georgia Juvelis & Jim Maiella To SVP Corp. Cmns Co-Bosses DGA & AMPTP Set Date For Start Of New Contract Talks More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Kanye West: If I Had Voted, I Would Have Voted for Donald Trump MacGyver's Lucas Till Talks Nicky's Big Reveal, the Hack He… JLo y Marc Anthony marcaron el gran momento de los Latin Grammy… Carolina Panthers — See Photos This pre-Black Friday sale at Best Buy might be too good to pass… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife VarietyLatino TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2016 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2016 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Purdue Opinion Sports Life Data Travel Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Purdue Opinion Sports Life Data Travel Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 93 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Bangert: Road rage or hate crime on Purdue prof? Either way, time to check ourselves in the case of Muslim Purdue professor followed home and beaten. Post to Facebook Bangert: Road rage or hate crime on Purdue prof? Either way, time to check ourselves in the case of Muslim Purdue professor followed home and beaten.  Check out this story on jconline.com: http://on.jconline.com/2c9F8kA {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 14 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Bangert: Road rage or hate crime on Purdue prof? Dave Bangert , dbangert@jconline.com 6:52 p.m. EDT September 8, 2016 Either way, time to check ourselves in the case of Muslim Purdue professor followed home and beaten. Austin Bradley Gregory (Photo: Provided/Tippecanoe County Jail) WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. — What actually brought a 21-year-old Tippecanoe County man to the driveway of a Purdue University professor Saturday evening after a confrontation in a Wal-Mart parking lot isn’t exactly settled. Both sides told J&C reporter Ron Wilkins different versions of who pulled out in front of whom at the West Lafayette store; who flipped a certain finger at which opportune time; whether one told the other, “Go home, f------ foreigner;” and who provoked whom or drove the other off the road on the drive home. But there seem to be a couple of things not in serious dispute. One: Austin Bradley Gregory wound up in the driveway of the 37-year-old professor, a permanent U.S. citizen from Canada and a Muslim. There, Gregory was accused of attacking the man, kicking him in the head in front of his home. (It’s also where, if the victim’s story squares up, that a woman driving the Cadillac that followed the professor home, sat behind the wheel yelling, “Kill him! Kill him!”) Neighbors called the police, who arrested him Saturday night, before releasing him on bond on Sunday. Two: The Council on American-Islamic Relations, tipped off by a friend of the professor, was calling for Indiana to join the ranks of all but five states with hate crime or bias laws. “This incident points to the critical need for legislation mandating hate crime enhancements when an Indiana resident is targeted because of their actual or perceived minority group status,” said Ibrahim Hooper, communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations. Time allowed to sort out an ugly incident might end up telling us as much about road rage as it does about hate crimes. But these are moments that make you check yourself. And check your community. This can’t be what we’re all about. Is it, really? At the risk of getting ahead of the meat of the actual story, days like these make you circle back to what happened and how the community responded at a time when others were called out “for their actual or perceived minority group status.” In January 2012, the Islamic Society of Greater Lafayette took a rezoning request to the Tippecanoe County commissioners for a 10-acre tract near the corner of County Road 500 North and County Road 50 West, or the extension of Salisbury Street as it leaves West Lafayette. The rezoning was mainly for prep purposes, Islamic Society representatives told county commissioners, for a planned community center and eventually a mosque. According to J&C archives from that day, there were the usual neighborhood concerns about the changing landscape that might come with a rezoning. Would lights be overwhelming to neighbors in nearby Hawthorne Ridge subdivision? Would drainage be adequate from so much new construction? But a few wanted more than technical specs. One woman came to the podium to tell commissioners that the project “frightened me.” She wanted to know whether the Area Plan Commission — which voted 13-1 to recommend approval — should have “(considered) the implications of putting American citizens in harm’s way.” Another woman claimed members of the Islamic Center of Greater Lafayette refused to say the Pledge of Allegiance, which the county commissioners to this day do before each meeting. “Gentlemen,” she told the commissioners, “this is what concerns me the most." The three commissioners brushed those concerns aside, unanimously backing the zoning request. What happened next — as they say for the best social media click-bait content — was something to see. Pastors across Greater Lafayette rallied in defense of religious freedom of neighbors who worshipped differently than they did. They wrote letters and op-eds to the J&C. They stood up. And they stood by. To those sorts of blanket statements based in fear and to those who found reason to pick what they thought was an easy, post-9/11 fight, the pastors agreed: Not here. “To those dogged by fear or prejudice, I would like to offer a prayer for peace and assurance,” the Rev. Tim Burchill, pastor at the time of St. Andrew United Methodist Church, wrote in the J&C. St. Andrew is next door to the Islamic Society acreage. “And to those who are tempted to lash out, I can only say that if you must pick on someone, pick on me.” Those were strong words then. Those are strong words now. Those are strong words to keep close as a case of road rage — or perhaps something more — unspools. This can’t be what we’re all about. Is it? Please, no. Bangert is a columnist with the Journal & Courier. Contact him at dbangert@jconline.com. Follow on Twitter: @davebangert. JCONLINE Download the Journal & Courier app FACEBOOK.COM/JOURNALANDCOURIER Join our conversation on Facebook. 93 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.jconline.com/2c9F8kA TOP VIDEOS Punchlines: All politics, no Trump 3:17 Punchlines: Trump team's rocky transition 2:39 Punchlines: The fallout of a Trump election 4:04 Punchlines: And the presidential transition begins 4:19 Punchlines: It's almost over. Who needs a Xanax? 3:51 Why USA TODAY's Editorial Board broke with tradition in presidential race 3:45 Punchlines: It's the FBI all over again 3:29 Punchlines: Less than a week before Election Day. Are you packed? 2:58 Punchlines: That new, old, October surprise, email, sexting scandal 3:36 Punchlines: Congressional setbacks 2:48 More Stories Dave Sattler cartoons Nov. 11, 2016, 11:12 a.m. Letter: Maybe robots can build Trump’s wall Nov. 17, 2016, 6:24 p.m. Letter: Make America great and stronger Nov. 17, 2016, 4:20 p.m.
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Target is making a major change that should scare Walmart, Kroger, and Whole Foods Kate Taylor Sep. 8, 2016, 10:56 AM 23,409 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Photo/Matt Rourke Target is making a big change to fix its grocery business. Stores across the US will soon have teams of employees working exclusively in their grocery sections, reports the Wall Street Journal. These teams of 10 to 60 employees will be specifically trained in interacting with grocery shoppers and handling backroom inventory. About 450 stores already have the dedicated grocery teams in place, according to the Wall Street Journal. By the next month, 150 more stores will have implemented the new grocery strategy. The change is part of a broader plan to improve Target's grocery revenue, which currently makes up 20% of the retailer's business. The retail chain began its grocery revamp last year, with Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting rivals such as Wegmans and Trader Joe’s for inspiration. In March, the company announced it was cutting back on its middle-aisle dry packaged goods, and adding more fresh produce and organic and gluten-free products. Joe Raedle / Staff / Getty Images Despite changes, including attempts to improve selection, quality, and presentation, Target's grocery comparable sales dropped in the second quarter of 2016. In August, the company announced that overall comparable sales fell 1.1% in the quarter.  Target’s food-centric overhaul comes at a time when the grocery business is growing increasingly crowded. Retail chains such as Walmart and traditional supermarkets like Kroger are increasing their investment in their online and organic grocery businesses. At the same time, discount chains such as Aldi and Trader Joe’s are growing and expanding their organic offerings, forcing other chains to cut prices. Whole Foods, for example, recently launched a lower-cost chain called 365 to attract millennial customers. In this competitive environment, customer experience is more important than ever. In August, industry website The Robin Report revealed that Kroger is in the process of hiring 14,000 people at its 2,800 stores to boost customer service. Walmart is similarly investing in improving its grocery experience, with plans to expand services such as grocery ordering and pick-up.  By investing in employees whose entire role is to improve grocery shoppers' experience, Target has the opportunity to gain the upper hand on these retail rivals.  Looking forward, Target is likely to continue to attempt to grow its grocery business by further separating food from the rest of the store. The grocery section in a new LA25 Target concept store. Target At a location in Los Angeles, Target is testing a new store design that will model its food section more like a traditional grocery store — complete with free samples. "Guests  have told us the new food area now feels more intimate and separate from the rest of the store, providing a distinct grocery shopping experience they prefer," Target CEO Brian Cornell said of the new design in an analyst call in August, noting that grocery sales at the new concept stores are trending 2 to 3% higher than the average location. SEE ALSO: Millennials reveal 100 brands they love NOW WATCH: Millennials' hatred of 'dealing with people' is a major threat to fast-food workers Loading video... More: Retail Target Walmart kroger Whole Foods Grocery Grocery Chains facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Target is making a major change that should scare Walmart, Kroger, and Whole Foods Target is making a major change that should scare Walmart, Kroger, and Whole Foods Target is making a big change to fix its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 44 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police calls: Counterfeit money reported at Walmart On two separate occasions, someone purchased merchandise and paid with counterfeit $100 and $50 bills. Post to Facebook Police calls: Counterfeit money reported at Walmart On two separate occasions, someone purchased merchandise and paid with counterfeit $100 and $50 bills.  Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2cFHNXl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Police calls: Counterfeit money reported at Walmart Mansfield News Journal 1:44 a.m. EDT September 9, 2016 File photo (Photo: Journal & Courier) 44 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Walmart, 2485 Possum Run Road, Mansfield - On two separate occasions Wednesday, someone purchased merchandise and paid with counterfeit bills. One man purchased $156.62 worth of merchandise and paid with two counterfeit $100 bills. The incident was captured on surveillance video. In the second incident, 10 fake $50 bills were used to purchase miscellaneous items. Furthermore, the man returned the items a short time later and cash was returned. 700 block of Burns Street, Mansfield - A woman Wednesday walked onto a porch and collapsed. She was not known to the resident. Mansfield fire and rescue personnel administered four doses of naxolone and took her to OhioHealth Mansfield Hospital. 200 block of Cline Avenue, Mansfield - A mother Wednesday night told police a group of juveniles held down and kicked her three-year-old boy and attempted to light the victim's hair on fire. The area was checked for the juveniles. 300 block of Abb eyfeale Road, Mansfield - A woman apparently overdoses on the concrete steps outside the apartment Wednesday and Mansfield firefighters and rescue personnel transported her to OhioHealth Mansfield Hospital. 100 block of East First Street, Mansfield - Police Thursday arrested two people, a 26-year-old woman and a 41-year-old man after finding them in a vacant residence. They said they were homeless. The woman lied about her identity and she was found to have two active warrants out of the Mansfield Police Department and the Richland County Sheriff's Office. The man was issued a summons for criminal trespass and the woman was read and served a copy of her warrant and provided with a copy of her summonses for criminal trespass and falsification. First block of South Benton Street, Mansfield - A passerby called police Thursday after a 25-year-old male was passed out behind the wheel of a vehicle. A passenge r in the male's vehicle said he had used heroin and passed out at a stop light. The man was given four doses of naloxone and taken to the hospital. Malabar Intermediate School, 205 W. Cook Rd. - A 10-year-old student brought a weapon to school Thursday and said he wanted to kill himself. The boy showed police two scratches on his right arm. The cut marks did not appear life-threatening, but the boy was taken to the hospital for evaluation. The boy’s mother was contacted, along with the Richland County Prosecutor’s Office and Children’s Services. First block of Park Avenue East, Mansfield - A 44-year-old woman was issued a summons Thursday for disorderly conduct after she was seen urinating in flowers near the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial. Police told the woman to use the public restroom in the city building in the future. 1000 block of Bowm an Street, Mansfield - a 33-year-old woman was reveived with naloxone Thursday after a man found her on the side of the road following a suspected overdose. Officers found a needle in the grass beside the woman, who admitted using heroin. Later the same day, on the first block of East Cook Road, a 29-year-old female passed out in the driver’s seat of a vehicle at a gas pump and was revived with naloxone. The woman, who was on parole, was arrested and taken to jail. Mansfield Senior High School, 124 N. Linden Rd. - A 16-year-old student found a note in his locker Thursday saying he would be assaulted. The victim did not know who left the note, but police will follow up by checking surveillence video. Later the same day, another 16-year-old male student reported someone at the school wanted to fight him. A 17-year-old male student was sent home to prevent a fight from breaking out. The News Journal does not identify people charged with misdemeanor offenses in the Police Calls. This is a fairness issue related to the large number of incidents that we cannot report in the wide geographic area being covered. Offenders are identified through subsequent court listings. 44 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2cFHNXl TOP VIDEOS 'Script' Ohio 0:45 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 Mansfield veteran's van stolen, recovered 0:44 Cleanup begins after wind damage south of Lexington 1:32 Richland County Junior Fair 1:33 Veterans Honor Ground 0:38 Sights and sounds at the fair 1:03 Sheriff Press Conference over incident at Music Festival 2:42 More Stories Obhof to lead Ohio Senate Nov. 15, 2016, 4:34 p.m. Free Thanksgiving Day meals in Galion Nov. 15, 2016, 2:27 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 18, 2016, 8:43 a.m. Live at 7:30 p.m.: Shelby football updates Nov. 18, 2016, 5:04 a.m.
Skip to ContentThursday, September 08, 2016      Foxboro, Massachusetts          Our 125th Year    HOME OBITS OPINION SOCIAL SCHOOLS SENIORS RELIGION COMMUNITY CLASSIFIEDS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT Columns Editorials Letters Anniversaries       Births       Engagements      Weddings Lunch Menus School Listings School News Senior News       Weekly Menu      Weekly Calendar Church Directory Religion News Weekly Services Achievers Club News Community News Entertainment Library People Scouting News Business News       Business Profiles Archives > Obituaries Article Comments Print | E-mail | Text Size Obituaries published week of Aug. 11 Published: Thursday, August 25, 2016 9:41 AM EDT The following obituaries were published in the August 11 edition of the Foxboro Reporter: Nancy Ann Paquin Nancy Ann Paquin, 76, passed peacefully surrounded by her loving family on Aug. 5, 2016 in Norwood Hospital. She was the beloved wife of the late Harvey F. Paquin. Born in Norwood on June 14, 1940, she was the daughter of the late Martin G. Morrill and Margaret E. (Ellis) Morrill. Nancy resided in Foxborough for 54 years. She worked through the years at Walmart in Walpole, Mar-Ell in Walpole, and Gloria Stevens in Foxborough. She was a member of the Friday Night Club in the 1970s and was formerly involved in the Foxboro Midget Football organization. Nancy is survived by her sons Harvey Paquin of North Attleborough, Daniel and his wife Lucy Paquin of Vero Beach, Fla., and her daughter Amy and her husband Shane Garrabrant of Foxborough. She was pre-deceased by her daughter Linda Cavossa. She is also survived by her son-in-law Tony Cavossa and his companion Anna Federico, her daughter-in-law, Doreen Paquin, her sister Dorothy Kelley of Foxborough, 13 grandchildren and 3 great grandchildren. She was pre-deceased by her sister, Margaret Wereska, of Cape Cod, and her brother, Martin Morrill, who is listed as MIA, POW Korea. Relatives and friends are kindly invited to attend calling hours on Friday, Aug. 12 from 8 to 10 a.m. at the Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St. A funeral Mass will be celebrated on Friday, at 10 a.m. at St. Mary's Church, 58 Carpenter St. Interment will take place at a later date. For additional information please contact 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Nancy's memory please visit the funeral home website at: www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. In lieu of flowers, donations in Nancy's memory may be made to: Foxborough Veterans' Services, Gift Fund, Town Hall, 40 South St. Virginia Ann "Ginnie" Santucci Virginia Ann "Ginnie" Santucci, 71, of Norton, formerly of Foxboro for over 40 years, passed peacefully surrounded by her loving family on Aug. 3, 2016 in Serenity Hill Nursing and Rehabilitation Center, Wrentham. She was the beloved wife of Robert A. Santucci, with whom she celebrated 47 years of marriage. Born in Everett on May 3, 1945, she was a daughter of the late Thomas and Grace (Riley) Geagan. Ginnie was a graduate of Hyde Park High School, class of 1963, and a graduate of Boston State College, class of 1967. She retired in 1990 after working over 20 years as a preschool teacher with her dearest friend, Joan Perriello, at Small World Nursery. She also worked as Head Banker for the New England Patriots for over 30 years and volunteered at Little League concession stands for many years. She was an avid Patriots and Red Sox fan. She enjoyed traveling many times to the Caribbean, and long summers at Swifts Beach on Cape Cod. She was a passionate reader. Her greatest joy was spending time with her beloved grandchildren. In addition to her husband, Robert, Ginnie is survived by two sons: Robert J. Santucci and his wife Maura of North Attleboro, and James E. Santucci and his wife Erika of Mansfield. She also is survived by a brother, Thomas Geagan and his wife Barbara of Chatham; a sister, Marilyn Tarallo and her husband Paul of Pocasset; a sister-in-law, Gail Geagan of Mansfield; four beloved grandchildren, Anthony, Jake, Sydney and Ryan; and her dearest nieces and nephew, Jeni Wood, Diana Gormley, PT Tarallo, and Krystyna, Laura, and Kaitlin Geagan. She was the sister of the late Robert Geagan. The Santucci family would like to thank all the staff at Serenity Hill Nursing Center in Wrentham and the staff at Butler Hospital in Providence for the wonderful care and compassion shown to Ginnie during her admissions. A funeral Mass was celebrated on Tuesday in St. Mary's Church, 58 Carpen-ter St., Foxboro. Arrangements are by the Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St., Foxboro. For additional information, please call 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Ginnie's memory, please visit the funeral home website at www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. Frederick E. Smallwood Frederick E. Smallwood, 88, passed away Wednesday Aug. 3, 2016 in the Golden Living Center in Attleboro. He was the son of the late Frederick R. and Mary (Upham) Smallwood. Fred was born in Rockland, Maine on March 16, 1928 and was educated in the Union, Maine grade schools, the Foxborough High School graduating with the class of 1946 and Burdett College. He graduated from Burdett in 1948. After finishing school, Fred served his country in the U.S. Army from 1950 to 1952. He was a corporal and was in the Korean Conflict. After the military Fred worked for Osgood-Globe Corporation in Boston and then at the Samuel Bingham Company in Cambridge and Woburn. He was the office manager at Samuel Bingham for 40 years. Fred belonged to several worthy organizations such as the Masons, the Foxboro Grange #193, the Norfolk Pomona Grange #27 and the American Legion, Post 0462. A memorial gathering was held on Wednesday, Aug. 10 at Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St. Burial was at Rock Hill Cemetery. For additional information please call 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Frederick's memory, visit the funeral home website at www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. Harold Ernest Schools Harold Ernest Schools passed away comfortably in his home Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2016. He was surrounded by loving members of his family. He was the son of the late Harold Ernest and Rose (Rider) Schools. Harold was born in Foxborough on Aug. 22, 1923 and was educated in Foxborough Schools from where he graduated in the Class of 1941. From Nov. 3, 1943 until Jan. 21, 1945, during World War II, Harold proudly served his country as a Machinist Mate, 3rd Class in the Navy Seabees. He was the husband of Dorothy (Randall) Schools whom he married May 16, 1947 in the Parsonage on Main Street by a Minister from Bethany Church. Harold worked for The Foxboro Company for 45 years as a foreman in the machine shop. Harold was a loving and devoted husband, uncle and great uncle. His survivors include his wife of 69 years Dorothy (Randall) Schools, his niece Jacqueline Randall of Foxborough, his great-niece Jessica Randall of Foxborough, a nephew James Warren of Attleboro, and a sister, Barbara Driscoll of Foxborough. A memorial gathering was held Wednesday, Aug. 10 at Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St.. For additional information please call 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Harold's memory please visit the funeral home website at www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. Shirley (Mott) Bliss Emery Shirley (Mott) Bliss Emery, 93, of Foxboro died at home on Saturday, Aug. 6, 2016. She was the widow of both Alonso Emery, her husband of 19 years, and Herbert F. Bliss Jr., her husband of 31 years. Born in Foxboro on March 4, 1923, she was a daughter of the late Albert and Grace (Stewart) Mott, and the sister of the late Ernest Mott and Priscilla Shepard. She is survived by five children Gerard Bliss and Richard Bliss, both of Mansfield, Nancy Bliss Bach and Mark Emery, both of Foxboro, and Ann Coarr of Pepperell. She is also survived by her cherished 10 grandchildren, 6 great-grandchildren, and many nieces and nephews. Shirley graduated from Foxboro High School and worked at several Foxboro banks in her early career, but her passion was music. She was a soloist at weddings and other events, and sang with the Neponset Choral Society and similar organizations. She worked at several nursing homes in Falmouth until age 90, then she volunteered at the Foxboro Senior Center. A funeral Mass was scheduled for 10 a.m. today (Aug. 11) at St. Mary's Church, Mansfield, followed by burial at the parish cemetery. Arrangements are by the Sherman & Jackson Funeral Home, Mansfield. Margaret Ann (Johnson) Malacaria Margaret Ann (Johnson) Malacaria, 91, of Norwood died Sunday, Aug. 7, 2016. She was the widow of Michael J. Malacaria Sr. and is survived by a daughter, AnnaMarie Malacaria of Foxboro; a granddaughter and two great-grandchildren. She was the mother of the late Michael J. Malacaria Jr. A funeral Mass has been scheduled for 11 a.m. on Friday, Aug. 12 at St. Catherine of Siena Church, Norwood. Burial will follow at Highland Cemetery, Norwood. Arrangements are by the Kraw-Kornack Funeral Home, Norwood.   Obituaries published week of Aug. 4   Reader Tributes The following are comments from the readers. In no way do they represent the view of foxbororeporter.com. You must register with a valid email to post comments. Only your Member ID will be posted with the comments. Registered users sign in here: Become a Registered User *Member ID: *Password: Remember login? (requires cookies)   Forgot Your Password?   Do not use usernames or passwords from your financial accounts! Note: Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required! *Create a Member ID: *Choose a password: *Re-enter password: *E-mail Address: *Year of Birth:   (children under 13 cannot register) *First Name: *Last Name: Company: Home Phone: Business Phone: *Address: *City: *State: *Zip Code:   Return to: Obituaries « | Home « | Top of Page ^   Sections - Homepage - News - Obituaries - Sports - Opinion - Entertainment - Classifieds Online Features - Calendar - Health - Online Photo Gallery - Special Sections - Syndicated Features Services - About Us - Advertise on Our Site - Contact Us - Make us your Home Page - Online Forms - Subscriber Services   RSS Feeds - RSS is a format set up for sharing content on the Web. The following sections are available as RSS feeds: - Opinion - Sports - News - Obituaries Copyright © 2016 Foxboro Reporter Send feedback to bstedman@foxbororeporter.com. All rights reserved. . This material may not be broadcast, published, rewritten or redistributed without written permission. Powered by TownNews.com
    Class AAA   8George Washington 0 at  1Martinsburg 0      10South Charleston at  2Spring Valley      12Hurricane at  4Morgantown      14Jefferson 0 at  6Capital 0    Class AA   8Lincoln at  1Bridgeport      10Keyser at  2Mingo Central      6James Monroe 0 at  3Point Pleasant 0      13Weir 0 at  5Fairmont Senior 0    Class A   8Williamstown at  1East Hardy      7Gilmer County at  2St. Marys      6Wheeling Central 0 at  3Fayetteville 0      12Pendleton County 0 at  4Tolsia 0    High School FootballALL SCORES   LIVE: Talkline with Hoppy Kercheval WATCH NOW! LISTEN NOW! About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows WV Poll Outdoors Former Martinsburg Mall closing interior stores Share Article By Hans Fogle in | September 08, 2016 at 7:41AM MARTINSBURG, W.Va. — After years of rumors it appears the interior stores of the former Martinsburg Mall are closing, leaving only the anchor stores Wal-Mart, J.C. Penney and Bon-Ton open. Paramount Development Corporation, the owners of the Foxcroft Towne Center at Martinsburg, announced Wednesday that the closure would happen on November 1. The decision will affect about 15 current tenants and displace a U.S. Postal Service office. Paramount CEO Eric Cornett said in a statement the property is no longer economically viable as an enclosed mall. There are plans to redevelop about 40,000 square feet of interior mall space between J.C. Penney and Wal-Mart to provide additional parking for new retail space within the existing mall building that would have outside entrances. The announcement included news that Five Guys Burgers and Fries and Wingstop restaurants had signed leases for space in a new six-unit building under construction at the shopping center. Retail stores stores Great Clips and T-Mobile are also signed up to lease space. A Chili’s restaurant is slated to open in the coming weeks and a Panera Bread is on track for a 2017 open. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Hans Fogle hfogle@wvradio.com Hans Fogle grew up in Martinsburg, W.Va. He began his radio career while seeking a degree in mass communications at Shepherd University. He worked at several stations in West Virginia until 2008, when he took over as news director at WEPM. He currently lives in the Eastern Panhandle with his family. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular West Virginia's best offensive game 'still out there' — might need it soon FEMA commits to replacing five schools destroyed in June flood WVU student accused of stabbing roommate Feds reveal charges in DOH pay-for-play scheme © 2016 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Freitag, 18. November | 16:32 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 14:08 | 08.09.2016 Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ BERLIN — HOUZE® to Unveil ZEROCELL™ Smart Energy Storage Appliance in Euronics International Stores Source: ZEROCELL Worldwide Inc. BATON ROUGE, La. — Wells Fargo Mobilizes to Help Louisiana Customers Impacted by Floods Source: Wells Fargo & Company PORTLAND, Ore. — The Standard and Its Employees Contributed $3.5 Million to Nonprofits in 2015 Source: The Standard BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Walmart Foundation Aims to Increase Economic Mobility in Growing Retail Industry Through an Investment That Strengthens Career Services Programs Nationwide Source: Walmart Foundation ARLINGTON, Va. — AvalonBay Employees Give Back to Communities in 5th Annual Spirit of Caring Month Source: AvalonBay Communities, Inc. YORK, Pa. — Utz Quality Foods Partners with Historic York Fair Source: Utz Quality Foods, Inc. SALISBURY, N.C. — Food Lion Feeds to Donate 1,200 Associate Volunteer Hours and 1 Million Meals to More Than 30 Food Pantries as Part of “The Great Pantry Makeover” Source: Food Lion HARTFORD, Conn. — The Aetna Foundation Awards More Than $2 Million in Grants across USA to Cultivate Healthy Living Source: The Aetna Foundation BOCA RATON, Fla. — Office Depot Global Headquarters Awarded LEED Gold Re-Certification for Existing Buildings Source: Office Depot, Inc. DALLAS — Pillar Income Asset Management Donates School Supplies to Single Parent Advocate Source: Pillar Income Asset Management SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Pei Wei Pledges $10,000 Donation to No Kid Hungry Source: Pei Wei COLUMBUS, Ind. — Cummins and Peterbilt to Team Up on SuperTruck II Source: Cummins Inc. RADNOR, Pa. — The VWR Foundation Gives Back to the Science Community with Over $100,000 in Grants Source: VWR Foundation ZURICH — RepRisk Releases Special Report on Myanmar Source: RepRisk ALISO VIEJO, Calif. — World’s Top Female Surfers Join Together for The Mauli Ola Foundation’s Third Annual Battle for the Breast Source: Mauli Ola Foundation CARSON CITY, Nev. — Historic, Landscape-Level Sagebrush Ecosystem Conservation Program Announced for Nevada Source: Newmont Mining Corporation BOONE, Iowa — Special Ceremony from the Farm Progress Show in Honor of Iowa Farmer, U.S. Marine Veteran and Newest “Geared to Give” Program Recipient Source: Kubota Tractor Corporation ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — $12 Million Investment by UnitedHealthcare Helps Bring New Affordable-Housing Community to Downtown Albuquerque Source: UnitedHealthcare PHOENIX — Wells Fargo Donates $500,000 for Phoenix-Area Revitalization Efforts Source: Wells Fargo & Company NEW YORK — PVH Corp. Publishes 2015 Corporate Responsibility Report Source: PVH Corp. DEARBORN, Mich. — Ford Volunteer Corps Begins Global Caring Month with Transformational Clean Water Project, Challenge Grants Source: Ford Motor Company IWATA, Japan — Yamaha Motor Underscores Commitment to Africa Source: Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 31 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 16:13 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP: Koalition erwägt ... 16:10 Uhr | 18.11.2016 USA: Frühindikatoren steigen wie ... 16:07 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Aktien New York: Wall Street zeigt ... 15:52 Uhr | 18.11.2016 May kündigt geordneten Rückzug ... 15:50 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ANALYSE-FLASH: Berenberg hebt Ziel ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets 08.09.2016 | 14:09 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire's Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ BERLIN -- HOUZE® to Unveil ZEROCELL™ Smart Energy Storage Appliance in Euronics International Stores Source: ZEROCELL Worldwide Inc. BATON ROUGE, La. -- Wells Fargo Mobilizes to Help Louisiana Customers Impacted by Floods Source: Wells Fargo Company PORTLAND, Ore. -- The Standard and Its Employees Contributed $3.5 Million to Nonprofits in 2015 Source: The Standard BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart Foundation Aims to Increase Economic Mobility in Growing Retail Industry Through an Investment That Strengthens Career Services Programs Nationwide Source: Walmart Foundation ARLINGTON, Va. -- AvalonBay Employees Give Back to Communities in 5th Annual Spirit of Caring Month Source: AvalonBay Communities, Inc. YORK, Pa. -- Utz Quality Foods Partners with Historic York Fair Source: Utz Quality Foods, Inc. SALISBURY, N.C. -- Food Lion Feeds to Donate 1,200 Associate Volunteer Hours and 1 Million Meals to More Than 30 Food Pantries as Part of "The Great Pantry Makeover" Source: Food Lion HARTFORD, Conn. -- The Aetna Foundation Awards More Than $2 Million in Grants across USA to Cultivate Healthy Living Source: The Aetna Foundation BOCA RATON, Fla. -- Office Depot Global Headquarters Awarded LEED Gold Re-Certification for Existing Buildings Source: Office Depot, Inc. DALLAS -- Pillar Income Asset Management Donates School Supplies to Single Parent Advocate Source: Pillar Income Asset Management SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Pei Wei Pledges $10,000 Donation to No Kid Hungry Source: Pei Wei COLUMBUS, Ind. -- Cummins and Peterbilt to Team Up on SuperTruck II Source: Cummins Inc. RADNOR, Pa. -- The VWR Foundation Gives Back to the Science Community with Over $100,000 in Grants Source: VWR Foundation ZURICH -- RepRisk Releases Special Report on Myanmar Source: RepRisk ALISO VIEJO, Calif. -- World's Top Female Surfers Join Together for The Mauli Ola Foundation's Third Annual Battle for the Breast Source: Mauli Ola Foundation CARSON CITY, Nev. -- Historic, Landscape-Level Sagebrush Ecosystem Conservation Program Announced for Nevada Source: Newmont Mining Corporation BOONE, Iowa -- Special Ceremony from the Farm Progress Show in Honor of Iowa Farmer, U.S. Marine Veteran and Newest "Geared to Give" Program Recipient Source: Kubota Tractor Corporation ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- $12 Million Investment by UnitedHealthcare Helps Bring New Affordable-Housing Community to Downtown Albuquerque Source: UnitedHealthcare PHOENIX -- Wells Fargo Donates $500,000 for Phoenix-Area Revitalization Efforts Source: Wells Fargo Company NEW YORK -- PVH Corp. Publishes 2015 Corporate Responsibility Report Source: PVH Corp. DEARBORN, Mich. -- Ford Volunteer Corps Begins Global Caring Month with Transformational Clean Water Project, Challenge Grants Source: Ford Motor Company IWATA, Japan -- Yamaha Motor Underscores Commitment to Africa Source: Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 31 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ Contacts: Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Troopers From La Plata Barrack Join Forces With Community Partners For Maryland Food Bank September 8, 2016 Citizens encouraged to drop off non-perishable food donations at the Wal-Mart in La Plata this Saturday, September 10th from 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. In honor of Hunger Action Month, troopers and staff from the La Plata Barrack will do their part in the fight against hunger by hosting a Stuff-A-Truck and Child Safety Seat Inspection/Installation event on Saturday, September 10th. This event is being held in partnership with multiple local and state agencies as well as community business partners who support the health, safety and welfare of those who live in, work in or visit Charles County. Attending a car seat check is a great way to ensure your child safety seat is installed correctly. Based on car seat inspection summaries, about 75 percent of the car seats inspected in Maryland have some sort of misuse. Misuse may include: children riding in the wrong type of car seat, car seats that are not correctly installed in the vehicle or using car seats that have been recalled, broken, expired or been in a crash. Child Passenger Safety Technicians will be on hand to educate and assist parents and other caregivers by providing information to keep children safe in the event of a crash. All food donations will be delivered to the Southern Maryland Food Bank following the event so that Southern Maryland residents in need can immediately benefit from the generosity and support of the local community. Everyone is welcome to stop in and visit! A special guest from Chick-fil-A La Plata will be in attendance for part of the event! WHAT: Stuff-A-Truck Food Drive and Child Safety Seat Inspection/Installation Event WHEN: Saturday, September 10th, 2016 – 10:00 a.m. to 2 p.m. WHERE: La Plata Wal-Mart – 40 Drury Dr, La Plata, MD 20646   This entry was posted on September 8, 2016 at 7:41 am and is filed under All News, Charles News, Community, County, Good News, Law Enforcement, More News, z 600X120 Top Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Southern Maryland Weather 53° clear sky humidity: 58% wind: 5mph NW H 77 • L 44 61° Sat 44° Sun 47° Mon 48° Tue 60° Wed extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives November 2016 (144) October 2016 (320) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (276) July 2016 (241) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (373) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (297) December 2015 (300) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (265) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (595) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > Opinion > Columns Headlines September 08, 2016 05:48 AM CDT September 08, 2016 05:49 AM CDT Froma Harrop: Strong retail districts to weather online storm Froma Harrop: Strong retail districts to weather online storm Comments () A Text Size Denton Record-Chronicle Published: 08 September 2016 05:48 AM Related Froma Harrop Wal-Mart is seeing the future, and the future isn’t more shoppers driving through stop-and-go traffic to big boxes at the edge of town. It’s online shopping. The giant retailer plans to plunk down a princely $3.3 billion for Jet.com, an e-commerce company. Using the same crystal ball, Macy’s says it will close at least 100 stores, many in malls that have seen better days. Where does retailing in our city centers and on our Main Streets fit into this story? The answers are not simple. In the beginning, Americans went downtown to buy everything from hammers to sweaters to footballs. When much of the middle class departed for the suburbs, the retailers followed them. The new shopping venues were big-chain discounters and giant malls. This mass transfer drained the life out of downtown retailing, leaving sad, empty storefronts on architecturally splendid streets. Nowadays, ‘‘the Darwinian thing is going on in suburban retailing that was happening downtown,’’ Mark Cohen, retailing expert at Columbia Business School, tells me. Amazon.com is the undisputed king of that jungle. Its online mega-store sells 550 million products. Every year, it takes a bigger bite out of bricks-and-mortar store sales. Another weight on suburban retailing is a ludicrous overbuilding of retail space. ‘‘The developers never saw a highway and exit ramp that they didn’t want to build a mall on,’’ Cohen quipped. So what happens next? Many of the fringe developments further down the highway without full tenancy are going to be history, according to retail analysts. Some big boxes, such as Home Depot and Lowe’s, may do OK. Others will not. On to our downtowns. Whether hopping with activity, on the mend or still ailing, they remain the center for much of our civic life. Downtown is where one finds city or town hall, a main post office, a good library and transportation hubs. The stores are key players in the experience. Will online shopping hurt Main Street retailing the way it has plagued suburban stores? That all depends on the downtown. Where there is gentrification — wealthier people moving to urban neighborhoods — there is, of course, retail opportunity. Another advantage for city and town shopping districts is foot traffic, people walking by storefronts. Take me. I’m one of Amazon Prime’s valued customers. I click away for moth traps and patio lights and color printers that get delivered to my doorstep. I know exactly what a Lego Elves toy is and would not sacrifice a half-hour driving for something I can order online in five minutes. But shopping does remain a part of the entertainment mix. On Saturday afternoons, folks hang out in nearby shopping districts. The stores there display clothes and housewares more interesting than the commodities at the discounters’. And being seduced by an artful display window could be a byproduct of meeting someone two doors down for coffee. Many of the most successful retail districts are those that attract tourists, particularly foreign ones. Visiting Asians, Russians and South Americans are known to stuff empty suitcases with stuff bought here. The concern right now is the higher American dollar — plus the threat of another travel-related terrorist attack. The good news for physical retailers everywhere, Cohen says, is that the internet isn’t likely to take it all. Now about 15 percent of current retail sales, online shopping could possibly go as high as 40 percent, but that would still leave at least 60 percent. And so the dreamscape of a bustling Main Street persists. Every now and then, one comes across a surviving family-run sporting goods or shoe store — and salutes. It would be awfully nice to see more of them. FROMA HARROP writes for The Providence Journal. Her column is distributed by Creators Syndicate Inc. Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us Columns Stories Ray Perryman: Protecting children pays off in many ways Walter E. Williams: Blacks’ panic over Trump unwarranted Thomas Sowell: Trump still a wild card to people in America Mary Sanchez: Will the ‘Dreamers’ be fed to the wolves? Jonah Goldberg: Obama helped pave way for Clinton’s defeat Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
null

null
News Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds E-Edition log in Letter: Change is needed Thursday Sep 8, 2016 at 12:01 AM Two articles in the Aug. 22 Ledger prompted this reply. First, the "Gigs and garlands" editorial spoke of welfare reform and the number of people on food stamps. I think that if businesses such as Wal-Mart paid their employees a living wage, the million-plus workers there would reduce the food stamps considerably. It's not as if Wal-Mart can't pay; their profits were in the billions last year. The second was a letter by Austin Curry, "Immigration reform needed." Can't argue with that. I believe the best cure to save Social Security is to eliminate the cap. Someone making $100,000 pays on 100 percent of their earnings. Someone making $1 million pays on only 10 percent of their earnings. There's something wrong with this picture. And while we are on the subject of fairness, how about getting the super-wealthy to pay the same rate of taxes as they did in the 1950s. When Dwight Eisenhower was president the top rate was 91 percent. I was around at the time and don't remember any wealthy friends going broke. Vito Bovino Lakeland About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Subscribe Now Manage Print Account Manage Digital Account About Us Contact Us Work for Us FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise with Us Place an Ad Classified Ads Online Services Newsletters RSS Feeds Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Text Alerts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Ledger ~ 300 W. Lime St., Lakeland, FL 33802 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime Education Nation & World State Politics Election 2016 Sports Preps College Recreation Outdoors Columnists Auto Racing Polk Preps TiMEOUT Dining Movies Arts in Polk Music Nightlife TV Guide Movie Listings TV Listings Calendar Events Lifestyle Faith Pets Your Health Home & Garden Columnists Crossword Sudoku Comics Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Other Voices Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Mugshots Local Blogs Guide to Polk Polk Life Polk Moms NIE Special Sections Medical Guide Print Ads Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Newsletters Market Place Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Propel Marketing Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours 63° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Forecast Radar Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Tips Local News More TV6 News Political Page Election Results Illinois Iowa National International Fran Riley Features Traffic Conditions Traffic Cameras Entertainment News KWQC News App TV6 Text Featured: Bettendorf Davenport Moline Rock Island Latest Headlines Chicago cop who shot 2 inadvertently put back on street Updated: 5 mins ago CHICAGO (AP) — Chicago police say an officer who fatally shot a man and an innocent bystander — and who later filed a lawsuit alleging the s… Senior EU official praises Portugal’s economic improvement Updated: 6 mins ago LISBON, Portugal (AP) — The European Union’s top economy official says there’s mounting evidence to show that Portugal is leaving behind its… Free food kiosks to feed needy come to eastern Iowa Updated: 15 mins ago Vulnerable countries pledge to go all-renewables, with help Updated: 6 mins ago Egyptian fish vendor latest victim of alleged police abuses Updated: 6 mins ago Video Watch Now Special Reports Top Video Full Newscasts Get a Copy of a Newscast NBC Portal BiteSizeTV Weather Weather Straight To Six Almanac Closings Submit Closing Current Conditions Forecast KWQC Skycams Quad City Area River Levels Radar Satellite SatRad Weather Alerts Traffic Conditions Illinois Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions QCWeather App Weather Blog Special Reports Current Conditions 63° F Clear Feels Like: 63° F Wind: S 20 Humidity: 63% Dewpoint: 50° F Sunrise: 6:55 AM Sunset: 4:39 PM Forecast Radar Webcams Currently Sponsored by: Sports Highlight Zone Highlight Zone Facebook Olympics Rio 2016 NCAA Tournament John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Illinois Sports Headlines Iowa Sports Headlines Donia Daily Rose Bowl Paula Sands Live Submit Idea/Event Facebook Paula Sands Live Extra Recipes Recipe Archive PSL Bios Paula Sands Aubrey Jackson Choirs of Christmas 2015 Choirs of Christmas 2014 Deals Jobs Community Ascentra Making Cents – Tips Made in the QCA Midday Medical Dangerous Deficit: A Study In Sleep QC Tough Jobs Highlight Zone John Deere Classic Bix 7 Race Festival of Trees Parade Liam’s Long Journey Home I Heart Mom What’s in a name? More Meet The TV6 Team TV6 Job Openings Sign up for Email Alerts Sign up for Text Alerts History of KWQC Contact Us Contests Programs TV Listings QCA Gas Prices Viewer Photo Studio Tours Search for: Search the site 63° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 56° F Rock Island City leaders have a plan for the vacant land after Walmart backs out By Bethany Dykes Published: September 7, 2016, 6:33 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage Walmart project in Rock Island falls through-Mayor comments ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (KWQC) — City leaders in Rock Island are encouraging the community to remain positive despite the news of Walmart backing out of a plan to open a new store in the city. The lot in the second ward of Rock Island would have been a grocery store for those living on that side of town. Right now the closest store for the second ward is actually in Milan. Brandon Crawford, farmer outside of Rock Island, comes to the city to shop. “I might have popped in now and then if there was something I needed. My wife on the other hand yeah she probably would have been down here quite a bit,” said Crawford. The lack of shopping options for the second ward is something Alderman Virgil Mayberry said the city is hoping to solve. “I think the majority of people in my ward that I’ve talked to said they wanted Walmart here,” said Mayberry. It is not only an inconvenience if you live in the 2nd ward, but Rock Island is losing money when residents shop in other cities. The vacant spot was a sign of hope for those living in Rock Island and now they are unsure of what the city will do with the open land. After spending $15 million on clearing the land for Walmart, Mayberry said the city truly thought Walmart was a done deal. Now city leaders said they are exploring options with the goal of filling the lot as soon as possible. “We will now get someone in here who will develop the site, it won’t sit here empty for five, ten or fifteen years,” said Mayberry. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Rock Island Mayor Pauley not running for re-election. Rock Island mayor will not seek re-election; two candidates announce campaign Rock Island city council accepts city manager’s resignition Walmart project in Rock Island falls through-Mayor comments Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KWQC.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KWQC.com © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Young Broadcasting of Davenport, Inc. An indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Media General, Inc. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Home News Weather Sports PSL Station KWQC History River Levels Straight To Six Viewer Photo Submit Closing Info Contests Business Contact Us FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Media General Terms of Use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Apps Contests Traffic Events Weather 49° 49° Low 47° High 67° Sat 42° 63° Sun 36° 49° Mon 37° 44° See complete forecast Newark students receive back-to-school surprise from Walmart Posted 6:13 PM, September 7, 2016, by Monica Morales Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video NEWARK, N.J.  — Several New Jersey students will go back to school in style this year thanks to Walmart and PIX11. PIX11 News teamed up with Walmart to give 11 kids in New Jersey, range from 1st to 8th grade. They were able to get whatever they need for school, from shoes to shirts. "This was the best day of my life," said one little girl from L.I.F.E. Academy in Newark. With most schools starting this week, the shopping spree came just in time. "We are so appreciative for the help to get our kids dressed for success. We have the best scholars and we appreciate it. Thank you for all that you do," said Jessica Shearer, a teacher from KIPP New Jersey schools. For all your back-to-school needs you can go to Walmart's website. Filed in: New Jersey Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Enter PIX11’s Turkey Day Giveaway for a chance to win $11,000 Just watch the PIX11 Morning News every weekday morning starting at 5 a.m. Look out for a code word, and text that word to 77944 to enter. Good luck! Popular 2 arrested in stabbing death of 26-year-old Hofstra grad found in shallow grave in NJ Oregon man’s body dissolves in Yellowstone ‘hot pot’ death Body of Stamford man found with multiple stab wounds at Jersey Shore: sources Professor who predicted election win says Trump will be impeached Latest News Planning a big vacation? These are some of the best hotels in the world Guy Fieri themed bar crawl comes to New York Saturday Polar bear pets dog in heartwarming video Trump chooses Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo for CIA director, sources say New Jersey News Paterson schools suspended 238 kindergarten, 1st and 2nd graders News NYC kids need new backpacks before school starts — so PIX11 and Kmart answered the call New Jersey News International film festival coming to Newark this weekend News Follow-up Friday: Dying teen finally gets a wheelchair; special needs students get new, much-needed bus route New Jersey Linden elementary school kids make ‘Thank You’ cards for officers injured in NJ shoot out New Jersey Star Career Academy shuts down without warning leaving students in the dark News Passenger becomes 2nd person to die from New Jersey Transit bus crash News Parents say special need students left on bus for hours waiting to get home News NJ parents claim Paterson schools are neglecting students with special needs News Share your pics: Students across tri-state area head back to school New Jersey Second threat made to shoot up New Jersey high school New Jersey News New Jersey school renamed after famous alumnus, space legend Buzz Aldrin Stories From the Heart LEAP program brings two rival schools in the Bronx together for the first time through arts activities Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2016, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics ANF AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Study: Walmart Stores in Low-Income Locations Have Poorer Ratings These stores are often understaffed Sep 7, 2016, 5:30 pm EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     Walmart (NYSE:WMT) stores in low-income neighborhoods may have poorer customer service, according to a study. Source: Flickr> Research conducted by Contexts — a quarterly publication ran by the American Sociological Association — determined that the location of one of the retailer’s stores could be linked to the effectiveness of its customer service. The study found a correlation between low-income communities — many of which have large numbers of minorities — and underwhelming customers service. More than 35,000 Yelp reviews were examined in more than 2,800 Walmarts around the nation. Assistant professor of sociology at Columbia University Adam Reich believes that Latino and black communities have poorer customer service than white communities because Walmart is understaffed in the former, which puts more of a burden on each worker, thus reducing the quality of their work. “Walmart is the largest retailer and largest employer in the world; moreover, it has consciously branded itself as a champion of and boon for disadvantaged communities,” writes Reich. “Its underinvestment in these communities is thus particularly notable.” It is believed that a move by the company in the early 2000s is associated with this result due to policies that eliminated employees and lowered the quality of stores. This study was not true in every location, and some customers were more affected than others.Walmart has made recent efforts to boost store presence with more employees working on the floor. However, the move will require the megastore to cut costs, including a decision to cut about 7,000 office jobs with the company. WMT stock is up 0.7% Tuesday. More From InvestorPlace: The 10 Best Cheap Stocks in the World 7 Deeply Underloved Stocks to Buy Now 5 Stocks to Sell for September Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/walmart-wmt-stock-4/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap Abercrombie & Fitch Is Beyond All Hope 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Is the Trump Boost Over for BAC Stock? Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Supermarket News Search: Buy SN Research Digital Edition About Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Retail & Financial Online Retail Executive Changes Laws & Regulations Marketing Recommended Reading Store Design & Construction Issues & Trends The New Consumer Food Safety Health & Wellness Sustainability Organic & Natural Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Publix Ahold Delhaize Product Categories Bakery Beverage Center Store Dairy Deli Prepared Foods Meat Multicultural Nonfood & Pharmacy Private Label Produce & Floral Seafood Rankings & Research Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents Top 25 Global Retailers Disruptors 2015 SN Awards SN Research Upcoming Events White Papers & Studies Advertisement Home > Top Retailers > Walmart > Walmart CFO: Job cuts aid efficiency, operations Walmart CFO: Job cuts aid efficiency, operations Sep 7, 2016 Jon Springer EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Walmart U.S. comps top estimates on traffic gain Wal-Mart Stores' move to cut back-office jobs is an efficiency program that will also serve operational goals, a company executive said in a presentation Wednesday. Speaking at the Goldman Sachs Retailing Conference in New York, Brett Biggs, CFO of the Bentonville, Ark.-based mass merchant, described the reported 7,000 job cuts as an efficient reallocation of labor, transitioning store-based accounting and invoicing jobs to central shared services while potentially providing the company ... REGISTER TO VIEW THIS ARTICLE - Register for a Free Account Why Register for FREE? Registering for content on Supermarket News will give you INSTANT access to invaluable articles and media content that industry professionals rely on. You will have access to our special reports, feature articles, and industry analysis. It’s FREE, easy and quick.  What are you waiting for! In addition you will also receive complimentary access to the SN salary survey data tables.   Click here to read the FAQ page if you have any questions (opens in a new window)   Attention Paid Print Subscribers:  While you have already been granted free access to SN we ask that you register now. We promise it will only take a few minutes! Or visit your profile and add your print magazine account number and zip code. Register Already registered? Log In here. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 0 Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your Supermarket News ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles Walmart completes mobile pay rollout, highlights convenience   Walmart expanding rollbacks as price competition intensifies   Wal-Mart to Cut Corporate Jobs: Report   Wal-Mart to Cut 300 Corporate Jobs   Sam’s Club Cutting Jobs in Restructuring   Latest News Natural Grocers to moderate store growth  Sanders out as Sprouts chairman CPI shows 6th straight month of retail deflation  Northgate shows off waste-to-energy system Walmart posts modest 3Q sales, comp growth  more Advertisement Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Albertsons Publix Ahold USA Delhaize America Editor's Choice New value concept sweeps Harveys overnight    Reimagining Center Store    Value-added and natural offerings drive pork sales    Retailers play up citrus    Wegmans, Price Chopper see benefits in full-service restaurants    Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Advertisement Navigate SupermarketNews.com News Top Retailers Product Categories Rankings & Research Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Contact Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Search SupermarketNews.com Search: Supermarket News Penton Media Food Group and Related Sites NewHope360 MeetingsNet Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved The Martin Agency Goes Through a Staffing Reduction Advertisement NEXT:Cam Newton Is a 'Prince With 1,000 Enemies' in Droga5's Latest for Under Armour PREVIOUS:Deutsch Names Craig Ward as EVP, Head of Design Revolving Door The Martin Agency Goes Through a Staffing Reduction By Patrick Coffee on Sep. 7, 2016 - 2:16 PMComment The Martin Agency went through a staffing reduction today following Walmart’s decision to consolidate its creative and in-store advertising with Publicis in July without a review. A spokesperson told us that 29 people were let go across the IPG shop’s New York and Richmond, Virginia offices and that the move affected approximately 5.6 percent of the agency’s total workforce; The Martin Agency London saw no change. This morning CEO Matt Williams held an all-staff meeting at the agency’s headquarters announcing the change, which the spokesperson attributes to both the Walmart move and decreases in projected spending by other, unnamed clients. The news precedes an internal realignment based on the aforementioned factors. An agency spokesperson told us, “This is never an easy thing to do,” adding that the organization plans to revise its internal processes moving forward “with the goal of making the company more agile.” The Martin Agency did not elaborate on the specifics of these changes or the positions involved in today’s reduction. Walmart’s July announcement that it would send the vast majority of its U.S. marketing work to Publicis preceded the creation of a dedicated unit to be led by Publicis Communications CEO Arthur Sadoun. According to the press release from earlier in the summer, these plans are in keeping with Maurice Levy‘s “Power of One” approach — one that is “designed to deliver end-to end solutions for our clients” and sounds a lot like Omnicom’s plans for handling the McDonald’s business. As in so many cases of client consolidations, Walmart’s most obvious goal is to reduce its overall marketing expenses. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
null
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Next Act Brooke Buchanan, Former Theranos Defender, Takes Her Talent to Whole Foods Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Next Act Brooke Buchanan, Former Theranos Defender, Takes Her Talent to Whole Foods The former John McCain, Walmart, and Theranos flack goes organic. by Emily Jane FoxSeptember 7, 2016 12:39 pm Email Facebook Twitter By Mario Tama/Getty Images. Whole Foods is in trouble. The health-conscious chain, which sells yoga pants alongside probiotics, pressed juice, and locally sourced gluten-free granola varieties, is somehow having a hard time shaking its image as an almost comically expensive alternative to grocery stores like Kroger or Trader Joe’s. It’s struggling to move on after accusations that its stores were overcharging customers for pre-packaged goods (a problem that led the chain to pay a $500,000 settlement to New York City’s Department of Consumer Affairs). And then there was the incident earlier this summer, when the Food and Drug Administration warned Whole Foods that it found “serious violations” at one of its food-preparation facilities, including failure to sanitize food-prep areas, leaky ceilings, dirty dishes near food, and sinks without hot water for hand-washing. The company is trying to turn things around and shed its “Whole Paycheck” reputation by opening a new, lower-priced 365 by Whole Foods Market chain in order to draw in new customers. But so far, same-store sales have remained sluggish, profit margins are getting tighter, and Whole Foods stock has lost about half its value since 2013, when it hit a record high. If Whole Foods is nearing a crisis, it needs a top-flight crisis manager. Enter Brooke Buchanan, a corporate Ghostbuster of sorts, who handled communications for John McCain before rising through the ranks of the Walmart P.R. machine and, most recently, serving as the vice president of communications at the embattled blood-testing start-up Theranos. In a press release issued Tuesday, Whole Foods announced that Buchanan will serve as its new global vice president of communications, leading its public relations, internal communications, and government-affairs efforts. Buchanan left Theranos in June after less than a year, as it was facing investigations from both the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice over whether the company, founded by Elizabeth Holmes, misled investors and patients about the scope of its diagnostic technology and capabilities. In her time with the company, which went from Silicon Valley fairy tale to P.R. nightmare, Buchanan was a frequent force at the front lines, hitting back at Theranos’s critics in a letter to the editor of Fortune and a letter to The Wall Street Journal deriding their coverage as “misleading” and defending the company’s mission. Even before Theranos, Buchanan was a formidable presence in the P.R. world. She sparred with reporters while working with McCain, and at Walmart, during a time when the retailer was under fire for the wages it paid workers, Buchanan developed a reputation among reporters for hard-charging responses. (As a reporter covering Walmart during this period, I came to fear her number on my caller I.D.) Along with Buchanan, Whole Foods brought on a new vice president of marketing and team member services. “They are accomplished leaders who bring deep retail and consumer experience, valuable perspective on both internal and external communications strategy and will play an integral role in supporting the company’s culture of innovation and team member empowerment as we continue to grow and evolve,” Whole Foods co-C.E.O. Walter Robb said in the statement. Share Email Facebook Twitter Emily Jane FoxEmily Jane Fox is a reporter for the Hive covering Wall Street, Silicon Valley, and the .001 percent everywhere. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Exclusive: How Elizabeth Holmes’s House of Cards Came Tumbling DownBY NICK BILTON Here We Go Again: Theranos Halts Zika Testing After F.D.A. InspectionBY MAYA KOSOFF SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Asda's profits rise despite sharp fall in sales as supermarket slashes overheads Julia Bradshaw 7 September 2016 • 5:49pm Asda increased its profits last year, despite a sharp downturn in sales, after slashing overheads and shrinking staff numbers. The Walmart-owned UK supermarket chain suffered a 3.7pc slump in sales to £22.4bn in the year to December 2015, in what former boss Andy Clarke dubbed the grocer’s “toughest” year ever. Like-for-like sales, which exclude store openings and closures, slumped 4.7pc as the retailer’s market share was eroded by competition from discount grocers Aldi and Lidl. Yet Asda still managed to squeeze out a 5.9pc rise in pre-tax profit to £974.9m, thanks largely to trimming its bloated cost base, according to its annual accounts published in Companies House. Employment costs, including wages and pensions, fell 2.2pc to £2.3bn after Asda reduced its workforce by nearly 5pc, reflecting 8,668 jobs across its home offices, shops and distribution facilities. Meanwhile, fewer senior directors on the payroll meant that the total salaries of top executives fell from £6.2m to £4.6m. Savings were also made in procurement, as Asda dealt more directly with producers and expanded its food sourcing business to leverage its vast buying power. It also increased warehouse and transport efficiency, saving 2.5 million miles in 2015. The retailer opened 37 stores in the year, of which eight were superstores and 29 were smaller shops. Asda is midway through a five-year plan, called "Project Renewal" to lower prices, strip hundreds of products from its shelves and reduce costs.  The grocer sells up to 30,000 items in its stores, compared to Lidl and Aldi, which have up to 2,500. By shrinking its range Asda can lower costs and compete with the discounters, who keep overheads low by offering a more limited selection of goods. Last year it cut prices on hundreds of items, including fruits, vegetables, eggs, meat and fish. “Maintaining a lower operating cost structure is a fundamental part of our drive to reduce costs in our business and invest this in prices for customers,” the company said. While last year was a tough one for Asda, 2016 is shaping up to be even worse. Like-for-like sales in the second quarter fell by 7.5pc, marking the eight consecutive quarterly decline and the worst in the company's history. The supermarket installed a new chief executive in Sean Clarke in July, who has admitted that Asda is in the middle of a “challenging” period and needs to return to “retail basics”. Money Saving Minute: online shopping vs driving to the supermarket Play! 01:16 Asda, alongside its “big four” rivals – Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Morrions - has been hit by falling food prices, driven in part by competition from Aldi and Lidl. Analysts are now expecting the supermarket to pursue a policy of protecting market share, rather than focusing purely on profits. Asda's market share has slipped to 15.5pc, down from 16.6pc a year ago, according to Kantar Worldpanel. A new management will be assembled around Mr Clarke, with Roger Burnley joining from Sainsbury’s in October as deputy chief executive. Asda's parent company, US-based Walmart, reported a slight increase in sales in the year to January 2016 to $482bn, but pre-tax profit fell 12pc to $21.6bn. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Supermarkets Retail and Consumer industry Asda Sainsbury’s PLC Tesco plc Morrisons Show more Business latest 18 Nov 2016, 3:29pm Live Euro suffers longest losing streak on record, as Goldman Sachs predicts pound will sink to $1.14 by end-2017 18 Nov 2016, 3:00pm Autumn Statement 2016: predictions and rumours 18 Nov 2016, 2:51pm Nationwide pulls out of commercial property lending 01:21 18 Nov 2016, 2:19pm When is Black Friday 2016 and what are the best deals so far? 18 Nov 2016, 2:08pm Protecting jobs is our priority, says top Bank of England official as fightback against central bank criticism continues 18 Nov 2016, 1:50pm Comment: The last thing UK insurers need is more strangulating regulation Juliet Samuel Premium 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:12am FCA plans fees shake-up for asset management industry 18 Nov 2016, 9:59am Fullers toasts craft beer boom as pint sales fall 18 Nov 2016, 9:31am Volkswagen to slash 30,000 jobs worldwide following emissions scandal  18 Nov 2016, 8:27am Questor: Buy-to-let isn't dead, so invest in this niche lender Premium 18 Nov 2016, 4:06am Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico 18 Nov 2016, 12:01am Phase out UK carbon tax to avoid importing dirty power from Europe, says think-tank 17 Nov 2016, 10:27pm Majestic Wine pins its hopes on seasonal surge in sales and profits 17 Nov 2016, 9:06pm Comment: Shop till you drop: Brexit Britain can't stop spending Allister Heath Premium 17 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Big Six energy giants 'don't need to raise prices this winter' 17 Nov 2016, 7:55pm JP Morgan fined $264m for breaching bribery laws by hiring Chinese 'princelings' 17 Nov 2016, 7:25pm Yellen steams ahead on Fed rate rise but concerns mount on dollar shock  17 Nov 2016, 7:01pm Pound drops back below $1.25 despite bumper UK retail sales, as Fed's Yellen warns against delaying hikes too long 17 Nov 2016, 6:32pm Comment: Wisdom is knowing you cannot predict the future: just ask the Office for Budget Responsibility's Robert Chote Jeremy Warner Premium 17 Nov 2016, 6:26pm Libor trader Tom Hayes writes to fraud squad over fresh Bank of England claims If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Home » CPG, Health+Beauty, Retail, Shopper Marketing » Goody brushes up its marketing How the hair accessories brand is stepping up efforts at retail to stay ahead of the game. By Harmeet Singh September 7, 2016 Hair accessories brand Goody is stepping up its marketing efforts in-store and with digital in an effort to retain its number one position in Canada. The increased efforts have been under way for the past couple of years, as part of a global initiative from Newell Brands to grow its brands and invest strategically, says Mike Muyal, director of marketing for home solutions at the parent company. “You really can’t just rest your laurels on changing a colour,” he says, referring to products such as elastic hair bands. Rather, Goody has been innovating with its products to keep ahead of smaller, offshore manufacturers who can replicate trendy hair accessories quickly. So, over the past two years, it’s been investing more in consumer research, testing and developing new products (such as its Clean Radiance hair brush, which launched earlier this year) and working with retailers on programs to retain its top position. Part of its plan is to step up with digital. Currently, the brand has a program underway with couponing app Checkout 51 and Walmart, its largest retail partner in Canada. Digital coupons are seeing uptake in the mainstream and Muyal says their flexible nature allows for Goody to learn more about what customers are looking for in terms of offers (just this past week, for example, the brand realized it needed to make its Checkout 51 offer richer to boost redemption). With London Drugs, meanwhile, Goody is currently using digital flyer advertising (using the Flipp app), video online and in-store, as well as local market TV spots to promote its Clean Radiance brush. Generally, Goody’s target is women between 25 and 45, skewing toward moms who buy for the family but who can change between retailers, prompting the brand to shift how it merchandises in its major partners. At Walmart, for example, marketing at shelf is more value-oriented (the brand has even manufactured products specifically for the Walmart customer). London Drugs, on the other hand, now involves more department store-style merchandising, since that chain has beauty experts on hand (trained in various brands) and customers expect a higher level of interaction in those locations, Muyal says. That more fashion-focused “shop within a shop” merchandising has emerged over the past year or so and includes reformulating how the product is displayed (grouping by colour, style and application) and free consumer education panels that are refreshed based on key buying times for hair brushes and accessories. While about five years ago, Goody would invest in broadcast and print, that was limiting and it’s now finding greater measurement capabilities with social, media relations and digital, Muyal says. The idea is to complement those online strategies, such as Twitter parties, with in-store executions timed accordingly to keep the messaging going at the retailer level, he says. In other words, it’s after a more holistic approach without the spend that broadcast might require. Over the past few years, the brand has established a partnership with Toronto-based Yummy Mummy Club to get products in the hands of key influencers. In Quebec, where its major retail partner is Jean Coutu, the brand has also partnered this year with media personality Saskia Thout for content development to showcase product. Influencer relationships are particularly key for Goody, which is trying to maintain its positioning around quality and product innovation in a category where small manufacturers can quickly replicate products, he says. Influencers and product reviews lend credibility to the brand, he adds. Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly referred to Goody’s product as “Clear Radiance,” not “Clean Radiance.” Tags: Checkout 51, Goody, hair accessories, hair products, London Drugs, Mike Muyal, Newell Brands, Walmart Related Articles M&M Food Market figures out the holidays D’Italiano chooses the bigger things in life Keurig makes things simple Rethink wins Silk Johnsonville debuts refreshed branding Popular Recent Featured The 2017 CASSIES shortlist revealed Sgsco acquires 5Crowd Agency of the Year 2016: Watch the videos Illuminating Audi’s latest advancements Ecobee’s extreme debut Careers » Screening Room » Illuminating Audi’s latest advancements SickKids gives it 100% for 100 donors Check it out: CAA calms a temper tantrum Ecobee’s extreme debut Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2016 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
null
Text Size     Search GBPnews.com Home The News The Banner-Gazette The Giveaway The Leader The Washington County Edition Submit News Item Opine By George 40 Something Obituaries Sports Auctions Classifieds This Weeks Listings Submit Your Classified Special Sections Senior Living Health Mind & Body Company Info Newspaper Advertising Internet Advertising Office Locations Radcliff, Ky., couple comes to shop and allegedly steal from store in Scottsburg Written by Marty Randall    Wednesday, 07 September 2016 06:38 A Radcliff, Ky., couple apparently picked the wrong Wal-Mart to allegedly attempt theft on August 25 in Scottsburg. A sharp-eyed employee noticed the couple when the man, later identified as Chad Rob Edward Keays, also known as Chad Rob Edward Plumback, 35, put on a baseball cap. He was also carrying a pair of boxers while the woman, Kelli Marie Tschopp, 28, put several items in a shopping cart’s child seat. The employee later told Sgt. Brian Hall of the Scottsburg Police Department that the couple separated, with the woman concealing a pair of shoes in her purse. When Keys returned to his companion, the ball cap no longer had its sale tags visible. The pair then went to an aisle empty of customers, and Tschopp purportedly put items from the cart into her purse. They paid for a few items at the self-checkout area, the Wal-Mart employee told the officer, but did not pay for either the hat or boxers. The employee followed the couple outside and attempted to detain them, but Tschopp ran, he said. She was located by police. Keays went to the Wal-Mart office with the employee but then got up and walked out. He got into a white car which was stopped by city police. As Major Richey Barton returned to talk to the store employee, he learned that a purse had been found inside the white car with several hundred dollars in it. Tschopp claimed the purse, saying she wanted the money. It was placed at her feet inside the police car that transported her to the Scott County Security Center. Sgt. Hall noted Tschopp “...moving around and twitching...” during the ride to the jail. When he checked the car after taking Tschopp inside the jail for processing, he said he found the woman’s prescription bottle labeled for Oxycodone. Five orange pills and a cut straw were discovered in the pill bottle along with five Oxycodone pills. Tschopp could not explain the straw, and she told a jailer that the orange pills were her boyfriend’s and he had a prescription for them. The pills were Amphetamine and Dextroamphetamine. She also stated that she’d been arrested in New Albany for having her boyfriend’s medication with her. A search of Indiana criminal records revealed Tschopp was charged there on August 15 with Level 6 felony unlawful possession of a syringe and possession of a controlled substance. In that case, she was assigned a public defender and two pretrial dates of September 27 and October 25. Tschopp was released when a $1,000 cash bond was paid. In Scott County, Tschopp is charged with Class A misdemeanors theft and possession of a controlled substance. An initial trial date of October 18 has been set. She will be assisted by a public defender. Her bail on the local case is set at $15,000 by corporate surety bond or $1,500 cash. Her boyfriend, Keays, was also assigned a public defender and an initial trial date of October 18. His bail on one count of Class A misdemeanor theft is $5,000 by corporate bond or $500 cash. Keays will be back in court on September 13 to see if he can get his bail lowered or be released on his own recognizance.  
Search for: Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards Search for: ALL SECTIONS Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards   US service sector growth slows The non-manufacturing sector in the United States grew at its slowest pace since February 2010 in August   A cashier at a checkout in Wal-Mart. The Institute of Supply Management Non-Manufacturing Index measures firms in service sector industries such as retail, finance and healthcare  Markets | Retail Author: Tom Bailey September 7, 2016 The service sector in the US saw its slowest pace of growth in six years, according to the latest data from the Institute of Supply Management (ISM) Non-Manufacturing Index. The index, measuring firms in the service sector (including retail, finance and healthcare), fell from 55.5 percentage points in July, to 51.4 in August – representing a 4.1 percent dip. While any reading above 50 signals growth, the composite figure of 51.4 is much lower than had been expected. Such slow growth in the service sector has not been seen since February 2010. Based on previous expansion, economists had predicted a higher score, closer to July’s figures. The ISM Non-Manufacturing Index fell from 55.5 percentage points in July, to 51.4 in August The index is based on a survey of over 375 service sector firms and has four major components: business activity, new orders, employment, and supplier deliveries. The index’s business activity figure saw a substantial decline in growth from the month prior, down to 51.8 percent from July’s 59.3. The index measuring new orders fell by 8.9 percent, to 51.4, while the employment index eased down to from 51.4 in July to 50.7 in August. Supplier delivery growth rose by 0.5 percent. This slowed growth raises some cause for concern for the US economy; the weak growth measured in the index comes on the tail of August’s disappointing jobs report, which showed only a modest expansion of jobs. Whether or not the US economy is facing weakened overall growth in the third quarter of 2016 remains unclear, but the latest figures will perhaps dampen the prospects of a federal rate rise in September. Post navigation Previous article Shipping market braces itself for Hanjin bankruptcy Next article Enbridge and Spectra agree Canada’s biggest ever corporate deal Related: China’s service sector sees slowing growth Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards About Contact Advertise Subscriptions Partner Events Special Reports Privacy Policy
null
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Deals & Promotions Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Security Cam - $99 w/ code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. facebook twitter link email Outsmart Burglars with SimpliSafe: From Just $229.96 The burglars of today are ready for almost anything, but they've met their match with SimpliSafe. Each package is a thoughtfully-assembled security arsenal. It uses technology designed by a Harvard-educated engineer. It's so reliable, it received CNET's Editor's Choice Award. Packages starting from just $229.96. facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $199.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. facebook twitter link email Sonus Faber Pryma 1 Closed-Back Headphones - $499.99 High style and legendary Sonus Faber engineering combine together to create some of the finest headphones you can buy in the under-$1000 category. facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. facebook twitter link email Rosewill 4-Liter Stainless Steel Electric Hot Water Dispenser - $50 Dual, electric and cup dispense, three temperature settings, stainless steel shell and inner pot and dry-boil protection. Select 'White' to get sale price. facebook twitter link email Bose SoundTouch Wireless Starter Two-Pack - $349.95 The SoundTouch 10 x 2 Wireless Starter Pack is the easiest way to stream your music with full, rich sound to more than one room. facebook twitter link email Sony MDR-1A Headphones - $298 Super-comfort, clarity and listenability combine to make an already excellent headphone even better. CNET 4.5 Star rating. facebook twitter link email Onkyo RZ800 7.2 Network A/V Receiver - $649.99 Major bang for your bucks. 135-watts per channel, WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplay, Dolby Atmos, three-zone / three-source output and incredible sound for music and movies. facebook twitter link email Canon EOS Rebel T6i Kit w/ 18-55 Lens - $749 The perfect 'all-around' DSLR combines performance with excellent usability. Kit includes lens, memory card, camera bag and more. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Security Cams & Systems Now 20-Percent Off! From indoor and outdoor Full HD security cams to Network Video Recorders and systems, Amcrest provides complete security solutions for your Home or Business Needs. Enjoy 20% off on these select products. facebook twitter link email Bose QuietControl 30 Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones - $299.95 Lightweight, exceptionally comfortable, great sounding Bluetooth headphones let you set just the right amount of noise cancelling that sounds best. facebook twitter link email Spock Million Dollar Bill - $4.99 What's better than a million dollars? A million Spock dollars! Collectible million dollar bill in currency holder featuring classic Spock and crew images. facebook twitter link email Yujin eX500 Smart Vac & Mop Robot - $379 2-in-1, extremely quiet and powerful robot vacuum and mop with advanced camera recognition and navigation, V-type brush design for better cleaning and a slim "fits everywhere" design. facebook twitter link email Amcrest Hex 'Super-Wide' Indoor WiFi Security Cam - $74.99 Stunning, Full-HD, 960p (1.3MP) video quality at 30fps with a super-wide 140 degree viewing, two-way audio and night vision up to 32 feet. facebook twitter link email IDrive: Click - Protect Your Data, Documents and Memories - $6 Lose the worry! It's as easy as 1-2-Click to backup and protect all your data on all your devices. Get 1TB for 1-year of military-encrypted backup and top flight customer service. facebook twitter link email Cheapskate Deals Rick Broida has been wheeling and dealing and writing about deals for a long time now. See what Rick is touting today, and get in on the best deal action around. facebook twitter link email 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Previous Next Most Popular Deals View by: Popularity Popularity Date All deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software TelevisionsCategories: All deals facebook twitter link email This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping As one of its daily deals, That Daily Deal offers a This Is Your Life Poster for $9.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our September mention, $30 under a similar one today, and the lowest total price we've seen. It measures 18" x 24". Deal ends today. Of note, it's available as a 24" x 36" poster for $12.99 or as a 24" x 34.5" canvas for $19.99, each with free shipping. from That Daily Deal / $10 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $9 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Sta-Bil 32-oz. Fuel Stabilizer for $8.88 with free shipping. ( Amazon charges the same; although it's currently on backorder.) Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.97 shipping charge. That's $12 off list and the lowest price we could find. It keeps fuel fresh for up to 24 months during storage. from Walmart / $9 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece for $12 + free shipping w/code VISAFRIDAY Today only, Lyons Golf via Rakuten offers the Columbia Men's Klamath Range Half Zip Fleece in 18 colors (Asphalt Grey pictured) for $21.99. Check out via Visa Checkout and apply coupon code "VISAFRIDAY" to cut that to $11.99. With free shipping, that's the lowest total price we could find by $10. It comes in sizes S to XL. from Rakuten / $12 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Refurb Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB Phone for $275 + free shipping Guarantee Cellular via eBay offers the refurbished Unlocked Apple iPhone 6 64GB No-Contract GSM Smartphone in Silver or Gold for $274.99 with free shipping. That's $124 under our refurb mention from April and the lowest total price we could find. (It's also $225 less than the best price we could find for a new one.) No warranty information is provided. from eBay / $275 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Porter-Cable 20V Max 4-Tool Combo Kit for $132 + free shipping w/code C20SHOPEARLY Ending today, CPO via eBay offers the Porter-Cable 20-volt Max 4-Tool Combo Kit, model no. PCCK616L4, for $164.99. Check out via PayPal and apply coupon code "C20SHOPEARLY" to cut that to $132. With free shipping, that's $28 under our July mention and the lowest total price we could find by $27. It includes a two-speed drill/driver, a 5-1/2" circular saw, a compact reciprocating saw, and two 20-volt batteries. from eBay / $132 Expires in 13 hours Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email 3-Piece Comforter Sets at Macy's for $18 + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's offers a selection of 3-Piece Comforter Sets (Arrow 3-Piece Comforter Set pictured) for $17.99 each. Pad your order with a beauty item (prices start at $4) to receive free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $9.95. (You can also spend $25 or more to qualify for free shipping.) That's a savings of $62 for each set, although we saw a similar selection priced at a buck less in September. They're available in twin, full/queen, and king, although not in all size/style combinations. Each set include a comforter and two shams. (Twin sets have just one sham.) Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $18 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Amcrest 2K UltraHD Dual-Band Pan/Tilt Wifi Security Camera - $99 w/ code w/code H2SWX52C Superior imaging, remote Pan/Tilt, two-way talk, internal antennas, superior night vision and compatibility with both 2.4 and 5-GHz WiFi bands. The new Amcrest 2K is the finest security cam you can buy and it's now at a budget-beating, low price. $99 Expires in 6 weeks Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Cookware Set for $30 + free shipping Macy's offers the Tools of the Trade 13-Piece Stainless Steel Cookware Set for $29.99 with free shipping. That's $90 off list and the lowest total price we could find. It includes a 1.5-quart saucepan, 2.5-quart saucepan, 5-quart stockpot, 9.5" sauté pan, 8" fry pan, flower steamer, large spoon, slotted turner, pasta server, and four lids. Deal ends November 19. from Macy's / $30 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $98 + free shipping Gearbest offers the iLife V1 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner in White for $97.99 with free shipping. (Choose "US-LA" as the warehouse option to see this price.) That's tied with our mention from a week ago, $147 off list, and the lowest total price we could find. It features a schedule function, two side brushes, double HEPA filtration, multiple cleaning modes, smart sensors, and a remote control. from GearBest / $98 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Nike Crewneck Shirts at Dick's Sporting Goods from $8 + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes an extra 50% off select Nike crewneck shirts, as listed below. (Add items to your cart to see this discount.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Deal ends November 19. The shirts, with prices after discount: Nike Men's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Women's Crewneck T-Shirt for $7.50 ($8 off) Nike Men's Crewneck Long Sleeve Shirt for $10 (pictured, $10 off) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $8 Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Dick's Sporting Goods Black Friday Now Sale: Up to 65% off + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to 65% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and sports gear as part of its Black Friday Now Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, select items take $10 off for every $50 you spend. (A $30 maximum applies.) Even better, all orders receive free shipping. (Large items carry additional handling charges.) Several exclusions apply. A couple of best bets: Gerry Women's Rena Insulated Jacket for $89.99 $99.99 ($110 off) Top Flite 2016 XL 13-Piece Complete Set for $149.98 (low by $30) from Dick's Sporting Goods / $150 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GearXS Apple Clearance Event: Up to 81% off + free shipping GearXS takes up to 81% off a selection of Apple laptops, desktops, and accessories, with items starting at $29.99, during its Apple Clearance Event. Plus, all items bag free shipping. from GearXS / Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Clarks at ShoeBuy: Up to 50% off + coupons + free shipping w/code EMLNOVTIERED ShoeBuy takes up to 50% off a selection of Clarks men's and women's shoes. Even better, take an extra $20 off orders of $60 or more, $30 off or $80 or more or $40 off $120 or more via coupon code "EMLNOVTIERED". Alternatively, take an extra 25% off via coupon code "Hellofall16". (Codes don't stack.) Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Deal ends November 19. from ShoeBuy / Expires in 1 day Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Sphero Star Wars BB-8 App Controlled Droid - $129.99 This IS the Droid you're looking for! $130 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Micro-iCAN Special Edition Headphone Amp - $229.99 The fabulous i-CAN upgraded with higher-quality components, extended bass and greater clarity. This is a serious headphone amp at a limited time, super low price. $230 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email iFi Nano-iDSD PCM/DSD/DXD Battery Powered USB DAC - $144.99 You don't need to spend a lot to get a great, all-format, high-res, battery-powered USB DAC. Now save even more for a limited time only. $145 Expires in 3 days Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email GoPro HERO5 Black 12MP Rear Touchscreen Waterproof Camera - $399.99 Super-compact GoPro is the easiest to use yet. Take stunning 4K video and 12MP photo in Single, Burst, and Time Lapse modes. Plus Voice Control, GPS and more. $400 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email R2-D2 Lunch Kit w/ Lights and Sound - $13.59 Super-cool lunch kit for your young or old Star Wars fan. 100-percent PVC free with Peva lining and high-quality foam insulation to keep the cold, cold and the hot, hot. $14 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Mr. Potato Head Spudtrooper - $11.04.04 Includes 8 character costume pieces and 5 classic Mr. Potato Head accessories. $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Millennium Falcon 7-Color Table and Desk Lamp - $39.95 7 different color modes show off your Millennium Falcon to best advantage. Power by USB or wall outlet. $40 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic 50-inch x 60-inch Soft n' Cozy Throw - $10.59 Super-soft, super-plush and super-cozy throw with classic images for fans $11 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Star Wars Classic Peel And Stick Wall Decals - $8.80 Pack of 31, Made In the USA, Star Wars classic decals are easy to apply, removable and repositionable and leave no sticky residue $9 Expires in 1 week Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email NFL Shop Outlet: Up to 70% off + free shipping w/code NFLSHIP NFL Shop takes up to 70% off outlet items. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, coupon code "NFLSHIP" bags free shipping sitewide. (Shipping usually adds a flat $5.99.) Some exclusions may apply. A couple of best bets: Forever Collectibles Women's New York Giants Gloves & Scarf Set for $19.99 ($16 off) Pro Line Men's Green Bay Packers Green Square Up Long Sleeve T-Shirt for $19.99 (pictured, $16 off) from NFL Shop / $20 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Portal: 'Congestion-Buster' AC2400 WiFi Router - $169.99 Get unprecedented speed, reliability and coverage with the first and only router specifically engineered to cut through network congestion. $170 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email Samsung UN60JS7000 60-Inch 4K TV - $1199.99 The Samsung UN60JS7000 features cutting edge technology for an incredible entertainment experience at an affordable price. $1200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 facebook twitter link email HiFiMan RE-600 Songbird In-Ear Monitors - $199.99 Smooth, clear sound, 102 db sensitivity, titanium-coated drivers and an ultra-compact, all-day-comfort fit. $200 Shop Now Deal hotness 1 2 3 4 5 Most Popular Deals categories All Non-Tech Audio Desktops Phones & Acc. Storage Laptops Printers Tablets Cameras Monitors Software Televisions IDrive: Military-Encrypted Online Backup - 1TB / 1-Year $6 Don't let your data, documents and precious moments become just a memory! Shop Now Deal ends Feb 28, 2017 1 of 1690 NEXT / PREV Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! APPLE NEWS For Apple's iPhone SE, new iPad Pro, small is the new big A more petite iPhone and a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro stretch out Apple's family of products. The goal: to convince you it's time to trade up. SEE ALL THE NEWS © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18891.73 -0.06%   S&P 500 ▲ 2185.35 -0.08%   Nasdaq ▲ 5331.74 -0.04%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 4/32 yield 2.289%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.23 -0.42%   Euro ▲ 1.0599 -0.25%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Dollar Pushes to New Highs—With New Risks Next Wild Card for Markets: Italy’s Constitutional Referendum Chipotle, William Ackman Near Settlement Over the Board Stocks, Bond Yields Steady Trump Victory Lifts Hedge Funds Bet on Europe’s Elite Buying Off the Peasants’ Revolt Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Stocks Ahead of the Tape Kroger’s Shares Have Lost Their Freshness Falling food prices are expected to take a toll on supermarket chain’s second-quarter results By Steven Russolillo Steven Russolillo The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographySteven Russolillo @srussolillo steve.russolillo Google+ Steven.Russolillo@wsj.com Sept. 8, 2016 4:00 p.m. ET Food-price deflation may be a pleasant surprise for shoppers, but many others aren’t quite so enthused. The phenomenon has returned with a vengeance this year, vexing the likes of farmers, grocers and distributors. Prices on eggs, dairy products and beef have all taken a hit due to excess supply and diminished demand from China and other parts of the world. That has put the U.S. on track to log its longest stretch of falling food... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes LA Auto Show: Five Things to Watch Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Opinion: The Democrats Double Down U.S. Prosecutors Charge Former Valeant, Philidor Executives Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

null
Man arrested after leaving 6-year-old grandson sleeping in car - WFXG FOX 54 Augusta - Your News One Hour Earlier Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME News & Weather Apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS 2016 Paralympic Games SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree Contests Hardee's Tailgate Takeout Southern Siding Home Makeover Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Man arrested after leaving 6-year-old grandson sleeping in car 2016-09-08T21:47:43Z2016-09-08T21:47:43Z By Kelsey Walker Email Connect kwalker@wfxg.com COLUMBIA COUNTY, GA (WFXG) - 67-year-old Mohamed Mohamed was arrested for the delinquency of a minor. This after his 6-year-old grandson was found sleeping in a locked car in a Walmart parking lot on August 30th. A woman notified the Columbia County Sheriff’s Office after seeing the boy. Mohamed says he was in the store for 10 minutes. The Sheriff’s Office says the temperature was in the low 80’s, the child was in good health. The windows were cracked and the vehicle was running. Copyright 2016 WFXG. All rights reserved. NEWSMore>> 38th annual Singing Christmas Tree tickets now available 38th annual Singing Christmas Tree tickets now available Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:07 AM EST2016-11-18 15:07:13 GMT 38th Annual Singing Christmas Tree; Source Abilene Baptist Church Tickets for the 38th annual Singing Christmas Tree are now available. The anticipated holiday event will be at Abilene Baptist Church for three days only. More >> Tickets for the 38th annual Singing Christmas Tree are now available. The anticipated holiday event will be at Abilene Baptist Church for three days only.More >> Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. More >> Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president.More >> UPDATE: Mike Padgett Highway crash victim pronounced dead UPDATE: Mike Padgett Highway crash victim pronounced dead Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:12 AM EST2016-11-18 12:12:40 GMT Driver in car crashon Mike Padget dead; Source: WFXG According to Richmond County dispatch, all lanes of Mike Padgett Highway are now open.More >> According to Richmond County dispatch, all lanes of Mike Padgett Highway are now open.More >> BREAKING NEWS OVERNIGHT: Police manhunt for gunman; suspect armed and dangerous BREAKING NEWS OVERNIGHT: Police manhunt for gunman; suspect armed and dangerous Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:44 AM EST2016-11-18 12:44:07 GMT Gunman on the run, armed and dangerous; Source: WFXG The Aiken County Sheriff's Office is looking for a suspect involved in an overnight shooting. He is considered ARMED AND DANGEROUS. This is an on-going investigation.More >> The Aiken County Sheriff's Office is looking for a suspect involved in an overnight shooting. He is considered ARMED AND DANGEROUS. This is an on-going investigation.More >> Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Gothamist is a website about New York View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Florida Walmart Criticized For 9/11 Sales Display Made Out Of Coca Cola Boxes by Ben Yakas in News on Sep 8, 2016 5:15 pm It's that time of year again, when corporations, small businesses and well-intentioned ninnies start breaking out their tasteless 9/11 tributes. The ball already got rolling last weekend when a couple dressed up as the burning Twin Towers for the fantasy/sci-fi Dragon Con 2016, and now a Florida Walmart has thrown its hat into the ring with a sale display featuring cases of soda shaped like the World Trade Center, with a "Never Forget" banner hanging above it. As you can see, they didn't forget to brand the banner with their corporate logos. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Charles Crowson, a spokesman for Walmart, told Orlando Weekly that the 9/11 display, which was located inside a Panama City Walmart, was taken down after the photo was snapped and shared online this week. As for who was responsible for the idea, Crowson added that "Coke typically approaches Walmart with display ideas, and they either approve or deny it. In this case, Walmart approved the 9/11 display. " Today, we are no longer a Post 9/11 society. Today, we are a Post Wal-Mart Depicting 9/11 With Coke Cans Society. pic.twitter.com/kwCQntWebU— Gabriel Gundacker (@gabegundacker) September 8, 2016 Walmart now joins the illustrious list of cringeworthy and ill-conceived 9/11 tributes, including AT&T, Fleshlight, CVS, Devo co-founder Jerry Casale, this Austrian baker who constructed a cake depicting the attacks, these British teens who won a Halloween contest dressed as the Towers, these earnest Texas cheerleaders, this UES boutique, the creators of this Oculus Rift 9/11 simulator, and of course, the continuing career of Rudy Giuliani. Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. 9/11 september 11th tasteless walmart Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Gothamist Films   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Police Seek Additional Information Regarding Aggressive Panhandl - WTRF 7 News Sports Weather - Wheeling Steubenville Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY WTRF Top Stories News Elections Crimes and Courts International National Ohio Headlines Pennsylvania Headlines Regional News West Virginia Headlines Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Local Temps U.S. National Temps Regional Satellite/Radar Regional Temps School Closings Ohio Valley Weather Watches & Warnings Video Sports High School Friday Night Lights Local Colleges Band of the Week Athlete of the Week Team of the Week Concussion Awareness WV Illustrated Community Contests Features Christmas Parades Events Calendar Pet of the Week Wing It On Card Excellence in Education My OV Business Directory Slideshows Scene and Be Seen WTRF Job Fair Coupon Bug What's On ABC.com ABC News CBS.com CBS News MyNetwork.com About Us Advertise With Us Internship Opportunities Contact Us Closed Captioning or Signal Problems EEO FILES FCC Public Inspection File Report Signal Problems Meet the Team Work With Us WTRF Supports Contests Police Seek Additional Information Regarding Aggressive Panhandler Posted: Thursday, September 8, 2016 4:17 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, October 6, 2016 4:17 PM EDT MOUNDSVILLE, W.Va. - Police are urging anyone who may have been approached by an aggressive panhandler in Moundsville to step forward and share their stories with them. According to police, Aaron Michael Baker of Lansing is aggressively panhandling at Walmart in Moundsville. Police say he is approaching female customers and asking for money. Moundsville Police Sergeant Don Dewitt says Baker is approaching mostly females, he is insistent, invades personal space, and is reportedly intimidating. People give him money and that's why Moundsville Police say he is so successful. Moundsville Police say this man Aaron Michael Baker is aggressively panhandling at Walmart in Moundsville @WTRF7News pic.twitter.com/CIxp8YDrJQ— Tessa DiTirro (@TDiTirroWTRF) September 8, 2016 "Obviously stay in the public eye, don't give him a ride, don't let him in your car, if you feel threatened go back inside the store, approach someone else," said Dewitt. They can give him a panhandling charge, which is just a simple ticket for $100 fine but if people come forward with more stories there could me more charges. Moundsville Police says he's been seen at the Highlands and other places doing the same thing. He's very insistent & intimidating@WTRF7News— Tessa DiTirro (@TDiTirroWTRF) September 8, 2016 Sergeant Dewitt says when they do find him they are going to charge him with trespassing and work to ban him from the Walmart property in Moundsville. RELATED STORY: Aggressive Panhandler Suspect Identified Moundsville Police say Aaron Baker is approaching women in store & at their cars asking for money & rides @WTRF7News pic.twitter.com/xI1049VWUR— Tessa DiTirro (@TDiTirroWTRF) September 8, 2016 WTRF 96 16th Street Wheeling, WV 26003 Main (304) 232-7777 Fax (304) 233-5822 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WTRF Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Search Search for... Podcast Forums Premium HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank × HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank Podcast Books Courses Screencasts Newsletters Versioning Forums Advertise Contribute Contact Us Our Story 995k Subscribers 132k Followers 80k Followers Web Article How to Improve Your Team’s Debugging Times with Rollbar By Craig Buckler September 08, 2016 This article was sponsored by Rollbar. Thank you for supporting the sponsors who make SitePoint possible. More from this author 10 Tips and Tricks That Will Make You an npm Ninja Browser Trends November 2016: Rise of the Underdog Browser Trends October 2016: Microsoft Edges Downward As a SitePoint reader, you write perfect error-free code on every project… But can you say the same for every member of your team? The more sophisticated your product, the larger your team and the more bugs you’ll discover. You may have robust testing procedures, but can you be sure the latest edition of your framework is error-free? What about third-party modules, databases and components? Is the language or runtime perfect? Are you certain about the underlying deployment Operating System? Can the whole stack be considered fool-proof for the most foolish of users?! Understanding that errors are inevitable is the first step. The considerably more complex second step is recording errors, tracking frequencies, prioritizing issues, coding a solution, testing the fixes and deploying to a live server. Without careful management, teams can spend longer fixing bugs than writing new code. Fortunately, Rollbar can drastically reduce debugging time and costs. The service is trusted by companies such as Heroku, Walmart, LogMeIn, Lyft, Twitch and Intuit to centrally manage critical errors on web sites, web applications, mobile and desktop apps. At the time of writing, Rollbar has logged almost 13 billion errors (and that’s just my shoddy code!). Debugging the Rollbar Way Rollbar unites your tools into one seamless error-handling workflow. A few minutes of set-up can save considerable effort over the longer term. 1. Sign Up Sign up from the Rollbar home page for an initial free trial. You can use an email address or link your GitHub account. A quick set-up guide runs the first time you log in. 2. Create a New Project Enter a project name and choose from one of the many languages and frameworks. All popular mobile, desktop and web back and front-end platforms are available. On creation, your project is assigned a unique access token which identifies all messages sent to the Rollbar system. 3. Integrate Rollbar into Your Project Integration will vary according to your project’s language. For PHP, you can install a Rollbar component using Composer or by downloading two files. Include rollbar.php, initialize and send a test message: <?php
// include Rollbar component
require_once 'rollbar.php';

// initialize Rollbar
Rollbar::init(array('access_token' => 'your-project-token'));

// send a test message
Rollbar::report_message('testing 123', 'info');
 You can then add one or more exception handlers to capture all errors: // catch exception and send to Rollbar
try {
  throw new Exception('test exception');
} catch (Exception $e) {
  Rollbar::report_exception($e);
}
 For Node.js Express projects, you can install the Rollbar module using npm: npm install --save rollbar
 Then add Rollbar error-handling middleware: var 
  rollbar = require('rollbar'),
  express = require('express'),
  app = express();

// Rollbar middleware
app.use(rollbar.errorHandler('your-project-token'));

// basic route
app.get('/', function (req, res) {
  res.send('Hello World!');
});

// start server
app.listen(3000);
 Rollbar provides notification libraries for Android, Clojure, ColdFusion, Dart, Erlang, Flash, Go, Haskell, iOS, Java, JavaScript (client), .NET, Node.js, PHP, Python, Ruby and web server logs. Alternatively, you can use the fully documented RESTful API for other languages. 4. Access Your Rollbar Dashboard The Rollbar dashboard provides a live overview of all errors with the frequency of occurrence: You can analyze individual issues to: track the users, devices and browsers affected locate similar or related errors discuss the issues with other team members, and replay web service calls to reproduce the same error. From the Settings panel you can also: add further team collaborators apply grouping rules to reduce noise, and connect other services… 5. Connect Other Services Team members will have differing notification and issue-tracking preferences. Rollbar allows you send alerts and tasks via a range of popular channels including email, GitHub issues, BitBucket issues, JIRA, Pivotal Tracker, Trello, PagerDuty, Slack and more: You can assign a developer to a task from the dashboard and know it has been updated in their bug-tracking tool of choice. 6. Fix and Deploy Finally, Rollbar can be integrated with deployment platforms such as Heroku, Capistrano, Engine Yard and Fabric. Rollbar monitors the deployed fixes and marks issues as “resolved” on all connected services. Not every fix goes to plan, so Rollbar will alert you immediately whenever a historical regression occurs. Key Rollbar Features Rollbar supports: a wide range of languages and frameworks all popular messaging systems the most-used deployment platforms instant error reporting installation on your own premises guaranteed privacy Should you need more convincing… Easy Integration Rollbar can be integrated into your web, desktop or mobile application in minutes. It’ll be quicker than it took to read this article! Excellent Documentation I wish all documentation was as good as Rollbar’s! The guides are well-organized, concise and provide plenty of examples in all languages. The RESTful API guide is essential should you need to support another language or integrate your services with Rollbar. Quick and Advanced Search The Rollbar dashboard offers quick searching options but, if that’s not enough, you can use the new Rollbar Query Language (RQL) — an SQL-like syntax for running queries on your Rollbar data. JavaScript Source Maps Errors are reported from your production systems, which may (or should) be hosting minified versions of your client-side JavaScript files. Minification can rename function names and renumber lines. Rollbar allows you to upload associated JavaScript source maps which ensures messages are identified with the original, uncompressed source code. Cost Effective Rollbar is free for personal projects and prototypes. Pricing is based on the number of events raised per month — regardless of team size. Adding another collaborator costs nothing. The average Rollbar team has 30 developers but the system can scale to projects of unlimited sizes. Team Time Saving The biggest benefit: Rollbar saves considerable time. Team members have a central location which collates all reported errors and distributes tasks to whichever messaging and bug-tracking system they prefer. Sign-up for Rollbar today — there’s a fully-featured, no-obligation 14-day trial period which requires no credit card or initial payment. You’ll soon wonder how you developed without Rollbar. More: debug, debugging, rollbar Meet the author Craig Buckler Craig is a freelance UK web consultant who built his first page for IE2.0 in 1995. Since that time he's been advocating standards, accessibility, and best-practice HTML5 techniques. He's written more than 1,000 articles for SitePoint and you can find him @craigbuckler OlegM This is kind of neat thanks for sharing Craig Latest Courses Browse all 9 courses 2h 15m Premium Course Brett Romero Wrapping Your Head Around Python It's not just Python, it's programming 4h 7m Premium Course Darren Jones Ruby 2.0 Learn the latest Ruby and ignite your passion in programming 1h 49m Premium Course Brett Romero Introduction to Swift Premium Course 2h 15m Premium Course Brett Romero, May 04 Wrapping Your Head Around Python Premium Course 4h 7m Premium Course Darren Jones, Oct 27 Ruby 2.0 Premium Course 1h 49m Premium Course Brett Romero, Sep 09 Introduction to Swift Latest Books Browse all 16 books Premium Book Shaumik Daityari Jump Start Git Take control of your code Premium Book Mal Curtis Level Up Your Web Apps With Go Harness the power of Go in your web apps! Premium Book Timothy Boronczyk Jump Start MySQL Master the database that powers the Web Premium Book Premium Book Shaumik Daityari, Aug 27 Jump Start Git Premium Book Premium Book Mal Curtis, Apr 30 Level Up Your Web Apps With Go Premium Book Premium Book Timothy Boronczyk, Apr 08 Jump Start MySQL Recommended 1 How Can Your Site Get into Google Answer Boxes? 2 Mail Logging in Laravel 5.3: Extending the Mail Driver 3 There Are More Virtual Reality Headsets Than You Realize! 4 5 Entrepreneurship Rules I've Learned from Starting 7 Figure Businesses 5 On Page SEO Checklist for the Optimized Page Sponsors 1 Comment Web What's the Difference between Meteor and Electron? At first glance, Meteor and Electron may seem similar, Zack investigates the very different strengths of each and explains when to use... Zack Wallace, 21 hours ago View 06:34 HTML & CSS Adding Image Effects with CSS Filters CSS Filters allow you to use Photoshop-like filters on your HTML elements. It's something that web designers have always wished would be... Guilherme Muller, a day ago View Web 1 Comment Web Zack Wallace, 21 hours ago What's the Difference between Meteor and Electron? At first glance, Meteor and Electron may seem similar, Zack investigates the very different strengths of each and explains when to use each one. HTML & CSS 06:34 HTML & CSS Guilherme Muller, a day ago Adding Image Effects with CSS Filters CSS Filters allow you to use Photoshop-like filters on your HTML elements. It's something that web designers have always wished would be possible on the web, and not just in their... Because We Like You Free Ebooks! Grab SitePoint's top 10 web dev and design ebooks, completely free! Get Your Ebooks Get the latest in Front-end, once a week, for free.Subscribe About Our Story Advertise Press Room Reference Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQ Contact Us Contribute Visit SitePoint Home Podcast Forums Newsletters Premium References Versioning Connect © 2000 – 2016 SitePoint Pty. Ltd.
null
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for ajc.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on AJC.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Our Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC.com Get Atlanta's News Now AJC access ATL Find Fun Things to Do myAJC Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper Read Today's Paper AJC Jobs Contact Us 66 20 11 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 66 20 11 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home NEWS close subnav open subnav All News News Video 2016 Election Local News Education Business Politics Technology Nation & World Crime & Safety Offbeat Atlanta Weather NEWS BLOGS AJC Investigations Political Insider Get Schooled IN THE NEWS Atlanta Watering Restrictions Traffic: Construction Alert Ga. Public School Ratings Atlanta Gas Prices SPORTS close subnav open subnav All Sports Braves Falcons Hawks High Schools Georgia Tech Georgia Colleges UGA / DawgNation SEC Country Sports Video SPORTS BLOGS Recruiting Falcons Hawks IN THE NEWS Sports Scores Golf NASCAR DOCTORS & SEX ABUSE close subnav open subnav All Doctors & Sex Abuse State-by-State For Patients Explore the Project About the Project DOCTORS INVESTIGATIONS ARTICLES Broken System Docs Get Therapy, not Jail Arrested but Still Practicing Which Doctors Abuse? How Many Cases? One Repeat Offender Abused while Sedated Doctors Excuses Undercover Agent Nabs Doc Pediatrician Accused NEIGHBORHOOD close subnav open subnav All Neighborhood Newcomer's Guide Buckhead Decatur Buford Peachtree City Gwinnett County Intown Atlanta Marietta Roswell Sandy Springs Smyrna COUNTY NEWS Clayton County Cobb County DeKalb County Gwinnett County IN THE NEWS Living Northside Living Intown LIFE close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrities Home & Garden Weddings & Celebrations Health Travel Parenting Movies & TV Home Design Ideas Arts & Culture Food & Drink Music LIFE BLOGS Best of Atlanta Atlanta Restaurants Atlanta Shopping IN THE NEWS Black History Games AJC Peachtree Road Race Atlanta Holiday Guide THINGS TO DO close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Holiday Guide Events in Atlanta Best of Atlanta Arts & Culture Movie Showtimes Radio & TV Food & Drink Music Shopping Latest Video Games Blogs Atlanta Restaurants Music Scene Arts & Culture In the News Upcoming Movies Living Intown: BeltLine Horoscopes MORE close subnav open subnav Newsletters Customer Care Contact the AJC Shopping Games Obituaries Homefinder AJC Jobs AJC Cars Kudzu Celebrating Nurses AJC Cup Today's Buzz Buzz Blog Radio & TV Talk News to Me Inside AJC Movie Theaters Atlanta's Top Workplaces Find a Garage Sale 66 20 Atlanta, GA  30303 11 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Homefinder Atlanta Jobs Find A Car Classifieds Obituaries Family-placed Notices Contact Us/Subscribe Customer Care Advertise With Us Digital Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Controversial 9/11 Coke display in Walmart removed 0 Controversial 9/11 Coke display in Walmart removed 0 Cox Media Group National Content Desk 3:38 p.m Thursday, Sept. 8, 2016 National/World News 0 News View CaptionHide Caption twitter.com/online_shawn PANAMA CITY BEACH, Fla. A Coca-Cola display has quickly been removed after it was criticized for depicting New York City's twin towers. The World Trade Center towers were destroyed and thousands were killed when two hijacked planes crashed into the towers on Sept. 11, 2001. >> Read more trending stories BuzzFeed News reported that Shawn Richard tweeted a photo of the display Tuesday while on vacation in Panama City Beach, Florida, with his girlfriend. "We stopped and stared at it like, 'Oh my god,'" Richard told BuzzFeed News. "Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way." The display, made from packages of Coke Zero, Coca-Cola, Sprite, Sprite Zero, Dasani water and Fanta, depicted the twin towers in front of a Walmart store banner that read, "We will never forget." The phrase was against an old image of the New York skyline, which included the World Trade towers before the attack. The Associated Press reported that Walmart issued a statement saying that the display was removed on Wednesday. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display," it said. Walmart told the AP that the display design came from the supplier, and the manager of the store approved it. BuzzFeed News reported that the Coca-Cola Co. said the display was "meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization’s upcoming event." "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display." Related Sites of 9/11 Then and Now View Comments 0 Sign up for e-newsletters Want more news? Sign up for free e-newsletters to get more of AJC delivered to your inbox. Most Read Georgia imposes mandatory water restrictions as drought worsens | Political Insider blog Atlanta mayoral candidates slam Kasim Reed for ‘giveaways’ on stadium deals | Political Insider blog Braves finalize Bartolo deal, continue pursuit of Chris Sale Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 66 30303 1 11 Most Read Georgia imposes mandatory water restrictions as drought worsens | Political Insider blog Atlanta mayoral candidates slam Kasim Reed for ‘giveaways’ on stadium deals | Political Insider blog Braves finalize Bartolo deal, continue pursuit of Chris Sale Things To Do Add Event + See More More from ajc.com Topics News Sports Neighborhoods Life Things to do Blogs More Cobb Co. Cobb high school to perform in the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade High Schools Class A-Private playoff games High Schools Class A-Public playoff roundup High Schools Class AA secound-round playoff roundup High Schools Class AAA second-round playoff games Hawks Game Thread: Hawks at Hornets Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2016 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports life neighborhoods shop things to do Shortcuts ajc obituaries family-placed notices classifieds homefinder atlanta jobs find your car manage your profile contact us customer care advertise with us digital products Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak myajc Fun game center Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic sitemap Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest PRODUCTS From The Atlanta Journal-Constitution AJC.com - Get Atlanta's News Now AJC Access Atlanta - Find Fun Things to Do myAJC - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper - Read Today's Paper Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io Police/Fire/Courts Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World 2016 Elections Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Trump selects Sen. Jeff Sessions as US attorney general 11-18 9:45 am Trump taps conservative Kansas congressman for CIA 11-18 9:19 am Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter 11-18 6:18 am DA: 3 girls, 15, charged with hate crime in train assault 11-18 6:17 am How to break it to your friends and family that they’re sharing fake news 11-18 6:16 am Could legalizing pot diminish California's gains against smoking? 11-18 6:14 am Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Three grants help once troubled Groton fire department get new equipment A member of the Poquonnock Bridge Fire Department demonstrates the department's new Active 911 app on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016. It allows firefighters from their phones to learn the address of the potential fire, get directions to it from their current location and zoom in to see what hydrants are in the area. The app is one of several new pieces of equipment the department has added in 2016 with the help of three grants. (Lindsay Boyle/The Day) Published September 08. 2016 3:28PM | Updated September 09. 2016 7:58PM By Lindsay Boyle  Day staff writer l.boyle@theday.com  LindsayABoyle Groton — The once financially troubled Poquonnock Bridge Fire Department has taken advantage of not one, but three new sources of money in the past 12 months — the latest proof, according to Fire Chief Joseph Winski, that the department is going in the right direction. In mid-2014, Winski explained, finances were so bad that nine firefighters were laid off and the fire district challenged the firefighters' 10-year contract in court. Since he became chief in December 2014, though, Winski said he's been working with the fire district board to turn that around. For example, he said, many of the laid off firefighters have since been re-employed, and two contracts — one retroactive, another current — have been successfully negotiated. Now, a $61,905 Federal Emergency Management Agency grant — the third grant the department has received this year — is further evidence of Poquonnock Bridge's rebound. The recently announced funding, part of the agency’s Assistance to Firefighters grant program, will help Poquonnock Bridge replace its 31-year-old air-replenishment system, which is used to keep firefighters’ air cylinders full and ready to go. The old system, Winski explained, is bulky and no longer meets standards set by multiple national organizations. Winski said the fire district is contributing $3,600 to bring in the air-filling station — a 5 percent match of the grant plus the cost of installation. “This is fantastic,” he said of the grant, which was awarded to the department last month and presented by U.S. Rep. Joe Courtney, D-2nd District, on Tuesday. “It will certainly put us in the right direction to continue to provide the services we provide well.” Earlier this year, a combined $2,700 from Wal-Mart and Charter Oak community grants allowed Poquonnock Bridge firefighters to install a new dispatching program, Active 911, on department computers and members' cellphones. With Winski overseeing, members of the department demonstrated the Active 911 system Wednesday afternoon. Whenever a call comes in, the app, which functions on desktop and laptop computers as well as on smart phones, sends alerts to those who’ve enabled it. On their phones, members can hear a noise signaling the alert, learn the address of the potential fire, get directions to it from their current location and zoom in to see what hydrants are in the area. Firefighters also have the option to click pre-set buttons on their phone screens to say whether they’re responding to the fire or if they’re already at the scene. Winski said the app — also programmed into the department’s trucks and displayed on a screen facing the apparatus bay floor — allows him to send messages to individual firefighters, as well. With the remainder of the Wal-Mart and Charter Oak grant money, Poquonnock Bridge officials purchased new protective clothing, including gloves and hoods, and a second thermal heat detector. The detector, Winski explained, allows firefighters in tough situations to determine where humans or animals might be. Winski said four individuals deserve primary credit for helping the department obtain all of its new equipment. First, he said, firefighter and grant writer Evan DeGaetano was instrumental in securing the grants. He also said Courtney, along with U.S. Sens. Chris Murphy and Richard Blumenthal, boosted the department’s chance of receiving the FEMA grant by writing letters to FEMA that explained Poquonnock Bridge’s needs. On Tuesday morning, Courtney swung by the station to congratulate the firefighters on winning the award before boarding a plane to Washington, D.C. “Joe and the senators should get a lot of recognition for this,” Winski said. “They’ve been very supportive of us.”  l.boyle@theday.com This photo depicts the Poquonnock Bridge Fire Department's 31-year-old air-replenishment system on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016. The system soon will be replaced, thanks to a $61,905 FEMA grant awarded to the department in August 2016. (Lindsay Boyle/The Day) Poquonnock Bridge Fire Department Chief Joseph Winski demonstrates the department's new Active 911 app on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016. It allows firefighters from their phones to learn the address of the potential fire, get directions to it from their current location and zoom in to see what hydrants are in the area. The app is one of several new pieces of equipment the department has added in 2016 with the help of three grants. (Lindsay Boyle/The Day) A member of the Poquonnock Bridge Fire Department demonstrates the department's newly purchased thermal heat detector on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016. The detector is one of several new pieces of equipment the department has added in 2016 with the help of three grants. (Lindsay Boyle/The Day) Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 The Mystic Soup Nazi 2 New London board denies zone change needed for housing development 3 Facebook post leads to arrest of Oakdale man who allegedly stole jewelry from 11 Waterford homes 4 Man pleads guilty to sex trafficking charges in death of Griswold teenager 5 5 testify about 2015 shooting death in New London 6 DA: 3 girls, 15, charged with hate crime in train assault 7 How to break it to your friends and family that they’re sharing fake news 8 State jobs down 7,200 in October 9 Divided America: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few 10 Who deserves the respect now? UConn's Crystal Dangerfield MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Kyle Cardoza, not your average linebacker 2 Time laspe: full moon over New London 3 Thames River seniors hope to leave winning legacy 4 WiredZone: Prince Tech 50, Thames River 8 5 National graduation rate reaches record high MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 State DOT to conduct study of I-95 42 2 State jobs down 7,200 in October 23 3 Long-awaited Thread Mill project celebrates completion 22 4 New London board denies zone change needed for housing development 18 5 Former Norwich cardboard factory fails to sell at auction 16 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Dell to cut 2,000-3,000 jobs as EMC deal closes Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Sep 8th 2016 2:25PM Sept 8 (Reuters) - Dell Technologies, which completed the acquisition of data storage company EMC Corp on Wednesday, will cut 2,000-3,000 jobs, Bloomberg reported. Most of the job cuts will be in the United States, Bloomberg reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter. SEE MORE: Wal-Mart is under fire for controversial 9/11 tribute The layoffs will be mainly in supply chain, marketing and general and administrative divisions, the news agency said, adding that the combined company has 140,000 employees. Dell, which was taken private by founder Michael Dell along with private equity firm Silver Lake Management in 2013, agreed to buy EMC for $67 billion in October last year, the largest ever deal in the technology sector. Click through for the evolution of Dell Inc. below: 25 PHOTOS Evolution of Dell Inc See Gallery Evolution of Dell Inc Pedestrians are reflected in a Dell Inc. advertisement in the Tianhe district of Guangzhou, China, on Saturday, Nov. 30, 2013. China's government may set its 2014 growth target at 7 percent, the Economic Information Daily reported on Dec. 3, citing the State Information Center. This compares with a goal of 7.5 percent for this year. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg via Getty Images Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchangebegin work after the opening bell Friday morning in New York, Aug. 13, 2004. A rare bullish outlook from computer maker Dell Inc. pushed stocks higher Friday, though investors remained wary about the economy after the government reported a larger-than-expected trade deficit. (AP Photo/Ed Bailey) Michael Dell, founder and chairman of Dell, Inc., prepares to work a phone line in the company's U.S. consumer department on Monday, Nov. 29, 2004, in Round Rock, Texas. It has become an annual tradition for Dell to assist customers who call, and without mentioning his last name. (AP Photo/Harry Cabluck) UNITED STATES - AUGUST 12: Customers look at Hewlett-Packard computers at a Best Buy in Ocoee, Florida August 12, 2004. Hewlett-Packard Co., a week after ousting Chief Executive Carly Fiorina for failing to fuel growth, will likely say today that first-quarter sales rose 7.4 percent, less than half as fast as revenue at Dell Inc. (Photo by Matt Stroshane/Bloomberg via Getty Images) UNITED STATES - SEPTEMBER 12: A new Dell Inc. office building is pictured on September 12, 2005 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. (Photo by Paul Hellstern/Bloomberg via Getty Images) In this photo provided by Dell Computers service technicians at Dell staff the companys newest Enterprise Command Center (ECC) which opened Thursday, Jan. 26, 2006 in Penang, Malaysia. The center provides high-level, around-the-clock-support for server and storage customers in Australia, New Zealand and South Asia. The command center model has helped Dell provide improvement in resolving initial customer issues. The company now has command centers in the U.S., China, Europe, Japan and Malaysia to support enterprise customers in those regions. (AP Photo/Dell Inc.) Michael Dell, right, founder and chairman of Dell Inc., talks with Oklahoma Gov. Brad Henry, left, during a visit to the Dell facility in Oklahoma City, Wednesday, April 5, 2006. The event was attended by about 500 graduating seniors from Oklahoma colleges. (AP Photo) Hal Lilly, left, and Barb Lilly, center, look at Dell products with Paul Sigurdson, right, at a Mall in Frisco, Texas, in this Feb. 16, 2006 file photo. Dell Inc.'s net income fell 18 percent in the first quarter, missing already-reduced forecasts, as the world's largest PC maker struggled with fierce competition from rivals who have gained ground on the company's direct-sales model. In a related announcement, the company said it will begin using chips from Advanced Micro Devices Inc. for the first time. (AP Photo/Donna McWilliam, File) The Dell Latitude D620 notebook is displayed during a press preview of Dell's next generation mobile platforms, March 28, 2006, in a New York file photo. Shares of Dell Inc. plummeted to nearly a five-year low after the world's largest computer maker lowered its fiscal second-quarter earnings outlook below Wall Street's estimates, due mainly to aggressive price cuts in a slowing worldwide commercial market. (AP Photo/Diane Bondareff, File) Dell products are on display for sale at a Dell kiosk in San Jose, Calif., Monday, Aug. 14, 2006. Days after being stung by a massive recall of 4.1 million notebook computer batteries, Dell Inc. reports second quarter earnings. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma) TAIWAN - AUGUST 15: The picture shows the Dell Latitute T600 laptop photographed in Taipei, Taiwan on Monday, August 15, 2006. Dell Inc., the world's largest maker of personal computers, is recalling 4.1 million notebook PC batteries that may burst into flames. (Photo by Maurice Tsai/Bloomberg via Getty Images) Keith Chamberlain, Autodesk application specialist, works on one of Dell's new generation workstations at a press preview, March 28, 2006, in a New York file photo. Dell Inc. says federal regulators had begun a formal investigation into the company, which had been part of an informal inquiry since August. The computer maker said it was postponing the release of its third quarter earnings report, scheduled for Thursday after markets close, until sometime later in the month. (AP Photo/Diane Bondareff, File) Dell laptops are seen in North Andover, Mass. Thursday, March 1, 2007. Dell Inc. is expected to release quarterly earnings on Thursday, March 1, 2007. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) UNITED STATES - MARCH 25: A customer looks at Dell Inc. computers at a Best Buy Co. store in Orem, Utah, U.S., on Wednesday, March 25, 2009. Dell Inc., the world's second-largest maker of personal computers, will sell PCs to China's farmers, seeking to boost sales from a potential market of 800 million rural residents as the global recession saps demand. (Photo by George Frey/Bloomberg via Getty Images) UNITED STATES - JULY 23: Acer, left, and Dell netbooks sit on display inside an AT&T store in New York, U.S, on Thursday, July 23, 2009. AT&T Inc., Verizon Communications Inc., and Sprint Nextel Corp., vying for customers in a market where most people already use mobile phones, are betting on netbooks to spur growth. (Photo by Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images) An attendee demonstrates the flip-hinge design of the Dell Inc. Inspiron Duo, which runs on the Windows 7 home Premium operating system, at a Microsoft event in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Wednesday, Dec.1, 2010. By March 2011, 90 percent of engineers for Microsoft Corp., the world's biggest software maker, will be working on cloud-related products, says Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images In this Nov. 14, 2011 photo, a Dell keyboard is posed with Dell packaging in Phoenix. Dell Inc., reports quarterly financial results Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2011, after the market close. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin) A man looks over Dell Inc. products displayed for sale at a computer market in Beijing, China, on Friday, Feb. 25, 2011. Dell will open 1,000 new retail stores for commercial customers in China this year, China Daily reported, citing an interview with Michael Yang, the president of the computer maker's mainland Chinese operations. Photographer: Keith Bedford/Bloomberg via Getty Images FILE - In this Tuesday, Aug. 21, 2012, file photo, the sun is reflected in the exterior of Dell Inc.'s offices in Santa Clara, Calif. Dell is buying data storage company EMC in a deal valued at approximately $67 billion, the companies announced, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. Michael Dell will serve as chairman and CEO of the combined business. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File) SAN FRANCISCO, CA - MAY 02: A guest looks at a Dell tablet at the Dell Influencer dinner hosted by Ido Leffler on May 2, 2013 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Kimberly White/WireImage) Customers view Dell Inc. Inspiron 15 laptops during an event at a Curacao Department store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., on Wednesday, August 7, 2013. The Inspiron 15, an affordable notebook with an impressive battery life, is the only Spanish-language laptop manufactured and sold in the U.S. offered by Dell. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images Dell Inc. signage is displayed outside of the company's headquarters in Austin, Texas, U.S., on Monday, Feb. 18, 2013. Dell Inc. is scheduled to release earnings data after markets close today. Photographer: Sam Hodgson/Bloomberg via Getty Images IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR DELL, INC. - Michael Dell, chairman and CEO of Dell Inc., center, joins sales rep Justin Sole on the U.S. Small Business sales floor to take a customerâs call on Cyber Monday, at Dell's headquarters in Round Rock, Texas on Monday, Dec. 1 2014. Dell and Sole are among the thousands of Dell sales makers gearing up for the busy holiday shopping season. (Jack Plunkett/AP Images for Dell Inc.) The Dell Inc. Venue 8 7000 series tablet computer is displayed for a photograph during the 2015 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., on Tuesday, Jan. 6, 2015. This year's CES will be packed with a wide array of gadgets such as drones,connected cars, a range of smart home technology designed to make everyday life more convenient and quantum dot televisions, which promise better color and lower electricity use in giant screens. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via Getty Images Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – Dell could not be immediately reached for comment. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey) More from AOL.com: Alleged data breach exposes 800K porn site users Sound the alarm! Security company accused of misleading customers to switch to their system A Subway employee reveals the items you should never order at the fast food chain Tags Business dell Economy Michael Dell Technology US Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY The Best Company to Work for in Every State in America The Most Educated Cities in America 10 Job Skills That Will Get You Hired in 2017 The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Millennials, money, and the future AP: Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn Twitter CEO apologizes for white supremacy ad What a Trump presidency could mean for Amazon.com Donald Trump's name is everywhere -- but what does he actually own? Apple is exploring making iPhones in the US — 'the cost will more than double' Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' What percent of Wells Fargo customers are closing their accounts? Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,187.270.150.01% DJIA18,910.676.850.04% NASDAQ5,334.870.900.02% DAX10,698.6613.120.12% HANG SENG22,344.2181.330.37% NIKKEI 22517,967.41104.780.59% USD (per EUR)1.060.00-0.19% USD (per CHF)1.010.000.24% JPY (per USD)110.480.230.21% GBP (per USD)1.23-0.01-0.56% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Entrepreneurs: Don't take away our ObamacareCNNMoney Mnuchin-led bank hit with discrimination claimCNNMoney New tax cuts may not be as big as Trump toutedCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoney 15,000 mosques are going greenCNNMoney Adult FriendFinder probing claims of a second hackCNNMoney SEC Chair to leave before Trump takes officeCNNMoney Stelter: Media must make time for 'serious soul search...CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Fri, Nov 18 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Trump effect on Calif. vote? 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro, police say Homelessness drops across nation, but California count rises Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State New A’s president Dave Kaval focused on stadium, community Jalen Richard’s ascent with Raiders a surprise even to him Cal’s Chad Hansen makes name on field, in end zone Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Business News Roundup, Nov. 18 Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Burrito-by-drone-coming-to-Virginia-Tech-9210661.php Burrito-by-drone coming to Virginia Tech Alan Levin, Bloomberg Published 11:43 am, Thursday, September 8, 2016 Photo: KIRSTEN LUCE, STR Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Employees prepare orders at a Chipotle restaurant in New York. ﻿ Employees prepare orders at a Chipotle restaurant in New York. ﻿ Photo: KIRSTEN LUCE, STR Burrito-by-drone coming to Virginia Tech 1 / 1 Back to Gallery In what's sure to be a college student's dream come true, drones will soon be delivering burritos on the campus of Virginia Tech. The experimental service, to begin this month and last just a few weeks, is a test by Project Wing, a unit of Google's parent company Alphabet Inc. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. and the Blacksburg, Virginia, university have agreed to participate. The Federal Aviation Administration approved the venture, the most extensive test yet in the U.S. of what many companies -- including Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores -- hope will eventually become routine drone deliveries of products. Amazon has begun a round of trials at a location in the U.K. "It's the first time that we're actually out there delivering stuff to people who want that stuff," said Dave Vos, who heads Project Wing. Project Wing will use self-guided hybrids that can fly like a plane or hover like a helicopter. They will make deliveries from a Chipotle food truck to assess the accuracy of navigation systems and how people respond. The devices will hover overhead and lower the Chipotle edibles with a winch. Part of the experiment will be to see how well the packaging protects the chow and keeps it warm. Food was selected as the demonstration cargo because it's a challenge. The company is already at work on a more sophisticated second version of the aircraft that won't be used in the tests, Vos said. Before widespread deliveries can occur, companies will have to convince the FAA that drones can avoid each other and safely navigate to drop spots using robotic technology. The agency on Aug. 29 instituted broad new regulations for commercial drones. While companies hope the rules will clear the way for drone deliveries, they didn't permit such flights initially. The burrito-bearing aircraft will be flown by automation, but human pilots will be standing by to take control if necessary to comply with FAA rules, he said. Because regulations also don't allow drones to fly over people, participants will be shielded, according to the company. Vos said the experiment will not assess one of the major technology hurdles facing drone deliveries: creation of a low-level air-traffic system that can maintain order as the skies become more crowded with unmanned vehicles. NASA is working with Project Wing and other companies to develop the framework for such a system. Data from the tests will be provided to the FAA to help the agency develop new rules allowing deliveries, Vos said. Alphabet sees the technology as potentially creating sweeping changes to society and the economy, it said in a statement. It would not only reduce carbon emissions, but may change the way consumers shop, the company said. The project is part of Virginia Tech's efforts to become a leader in new transportation technology, school President Timothy Sands said in an interview. "It sounds simple, but it's not," Sands said. "There are a lot of things to work out from a safety point of view and a policy point of view." The university is part of the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership, one of six groups chosen as unmanned test beds by the FAA. The volunteers ordering drone-delivery food will be made up of a mix of Virginia Tech employees, students and possibly other recruits, Mark Blanks, director of the partnership, said. "This is the most complex delivery flight operation that I am aware of that's occurred on U.S. soil," Blanks said. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FIERCE OBAMA CRITICS CHOSEN Trump makes picks for 3 top cabinet positions Trump reportedly considering Romney for secretary of state Latest News Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Monroe dress for Kennedy birthday song fetches huge $$ at auction King: Brace yourselves, cities, we don’t know what’s ahead Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating BS from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps 17 questions to ask yourself before taking a new job Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as U.S. says goodbye SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 3 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 4 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the... 5 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland 6 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 7 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 8 Grandmother accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving... 9 The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as America says goodbye to... 10 Trump taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for top positions View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Google and Chipotle will use drones to send burritos to college students Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 2:20 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Chipotle testing burrito delivery using drones</p> <p>The Mexican-food chain is working with Alphabet&#039;s Project Wing to send food to college students.</p> Chipotle testing burrito delivery using drones    Friday, 9 Sep 2016 | 9:30 AM ET | 00:34 It's a bird, it's a plane ... no, it's a flying burrito. Chipotle and Google parent Alphabet's Project Wing are launching a pilot program that will deliver burritos via drones to starving Virginia Tech students in Blacksburg, VA. Bloomberg's Alan Levin was first to uncover the story. "It's the first time that we're actually out there delivering stuff to people who want that stuff," Dave Vos, who heads Project Wing, told Bloomberg. The experimental service — the most comprehensive test yet of what companies like Amazon and Walmart hope will become normal delivery protocol — has the full approval of the Federal Aviation Administration. For students, it's surely a worthy endeavor, but safety must not be compromised in the process. Thus the the burrito-bearing drones, described as "self-guided hybrids that can fly like a plane or hover like a helicopter," will have actual human pilots standing by to take over in the event of an emergency situation, and to comply with FAA rules. The drones will hover in the air and deliver their cargo using a winch, according to Bloomberg. It's actually part of a very serious effort on the part of Virginia Tech to become a leader in new transportation technology, school President Timothy Sands told Bloomberg. "It sounds simple, but it's not," Sands said. "There are a lot of things to work out from a safety point of view and a policy point of view," he told Bloomberg. Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch TALKING SHOP Shop workers share their most ‘are you serious?’ moments ever All shop assistants know they are going to have to deal with the occasional rude and disgruntled shopper but these, really? BY ANDREA DOWNEY 8th September 2016, 7:01 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments FOR anyone who has ever worked as a shop assistant, the struggle of dealing with some of the customers can be all too much sometimes. Sure, you know that you are going to have to deal with the occasional rude and disgruntled shopper. Getty Images 3 Some of the things these shop assistants had to deal with are just frustrating But you never expect to have to deal with some of the things these shops assistants told Reddit. Casual pooper I used to work in H&M located on 5th Avenue in New York City, so as you can imagine we would get a******s from all over the world. One day I hear over our radio a frantic call for the porter to come to the ladies fitting room. Turns out a woman decided to take a s*** in the fitting room, and use some shirts to wipe herself. The real are you serious moment was that she continued shopping through the store casually. Dirty bag I worked at Walmart. A woman came in to return a bag of soil because “the bag was dirty”. She was dead serious. Getty Images 3 But, where is the milk? Where’s the milk? I hear “excuse me?” and look up from stocking the milk, which I’m standing in front of. “Could you tell me where your milk is?” I almost didn’t answer her, milk is basically the whole aisle and I had it in my hands. Savage business casual warlord Watched a man carrying six bottles of red wine simply drop all six bottles on the ground, shattering them, and walk out of the store, khakis stained bright red like a savage business casual warlord. My assumption was that it was an accident and he was horribly embarrassed and just left. But I’d like to believe that it was an intentional piece of performance art, because it was the most beautiful thing I have ever witnessed. Related Stories Aisle be damned ‘The bride asked her bridesmaids to put on weight’: People's weirdest wedding requests ever H&MMMM Stunned H&M shopper claims to have heard amorous couple having sex in changing room OFF HIS TROLLEY Wacky racer builds jet-powered shopping trolley which travels as fast as a car Mum's the word He puts away the grocery shopping in a weird way… and 6 other signs you’re dating a mummy’s boy PUSH THE RIGHT BUTTON What is Amazon Dash? The weirdest buttons available on revolutionary online shopping service Checked out Definitely the time when I was moaned at by a customer for not being on a very obviously unmanned checkout despite there being a very obvious long line, because I was very obviously on the phone for an ambulance for a customer who had very obviously collapsed and was now very obviously bleeding to death. Mean diet I work in a butcher shop. Today a lady came in looking for lean turkey mince as she was on a new diet. She said her daughter made up her diet plan and is weighing her every day. I asked her how is she finding it so far and she said “It’s really tough. This is going to be the first thing I’ve eaten in two days.” F*** her daughter. Getty Images 3 Some customers are just plain difficult I’m on the list! Fella who didn’t have ID told us to check “the list”. “What list?” we asked him a few times. The electoral list! But of course! He was just saying we should look up the electoral list on our tills/registers! Fancy cheese and s*** I didn’t work there but was behind this woman in line at my tiny towns dollar store type place. She was buying a couple cans of that milk supplement for kittens. Thought it was actual cat milk and was buying it to drink herself in some sort of fancy food party for one she was throwing for herself. “Yeah, I done went to Kroger’s and got me some fancy cheese and s***” I had to leave the line because I was on the verge of bursting into laughter at the look on the cashier’s face. Fresh fries I worked at a fast food place for a while and had this one regular who always had something to complain about. The worst was that no matter what, our fries were never fresh. Whenever we saw her we’d drop fresh fries just so she wouldn’t complain about them. She’d order, and we’d give her fries directly from the fryer and she’d tell us they weren’t fresh. What the fuck? My manager got them from her, walked to the back, and brought her the exact same container and apologized. The lady said “these are perfect” and went about her day. Topics Funny Shopping Weird Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living THE SILENT KILLER Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of the disease - but do YOU know the signs to watch for? Living Ready... set... go! Aldi’s Wagyu beef burgers and steak sold out… so now they’re selling Wagyu meatballs for just £2.99 Living Exclusive pour show The I’m A Celebrity jungle 'waterfall' shower is manmade, uses warm water and can be turned off Living '£15, fags and Buckfast' Jeremy Kyle guest accuses her former friend of being a prostitute Living Revealed 'Earth must be warned!' What's the truth behind this video of a French female astronaut screaming a warning about aliens? Living Video Freeze frame What is the Mannequin Challenge, where did it start and which famous people have got involved? Living From fact to fiction This little boy vanished and then someone turned up claiming to be him... just like in The Missing Living DEAR DEIDRE I'm pregnant after the ultimate dirty weekend... and my baby has three potential fathers Living NOW IT'S MALTESERGATE Maltesers and Galaxy Counters sharing-sized bags get lighter as Mars shrinks packet sizes Living YOU'RE ATTIRED! This is why fired Apprentice candidates wear a big coat and scarf before taking their taxi ride home Living DEAR DEIDRE I've fallen in love with my sex buddy but he insists we are just friends with benefits Living Most Popular 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living shooting her SELFIE in the foot Woman gets caught cheating after sexting a saucy pic to her fella... who spots her boss'… Living ALL GROWN UP Remember Diversity’s little Perri Kiely? Well's he's all grown up and he's got a six-pack to die for Living Exclusive HANGOVER: PART ROO Wayne Rooney to be stripped of England captaincy with international career at risk after boozy wedding Football Exclusive Red red Wayne Boozy Wayne Rooney is almost too drunk to stand as he's pictured with two women after gatecrashing wedding… Football WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz CYBER ATTACK Three Mobile hacked by thieves who stole hundreds of phones... putting 9m customers' personal data at risk News 'I'm a paedo, i'm not a monster' One-armed 'virtuous paedophile' reveals he is not ashamed of being sexually attracted to… Living A MOTHER'S GUILT Daughter confronts mum who filmed her being raped by her own father 20 years ago when she was 13 News Pictured no BLURRED tan LINES Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she pulls her swimsuit down to her waist TV & Showbiz Pictured REVVED UP ROO Wayne Rooney gives thumbs-up as he arrives for Manchester United training following wedding booze storm Football Exclusive 'sex in the pool and condoms on floor' Woman reveals the horror of her Thomas Cook holiday from hell in Cyprus Living THE SILENT KILLER Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of the disease - but do YOU know the signs to watch for? Living 'Warm, generous and strong' Actress who starred in Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty kills herself in hotel room while on modelling… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    The Newspaper of Trucking and Freight Transportation Welcome  Guest  Log In          Home News & Analysis Special Coverage Top Stories Latest News Government News iTECH E&MU TT Archives Fuel Prices Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in the United States and Canada, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. Top 100 Private Beverage and food service fleets dominate the top spots in this comprehensive rundown of private carriers in the United States and Canada, ranked by number of tractors. Top 50 Global Freight Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight carriers. Top 50 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 50 Logistics Resources Special Reports Buyer's Guide TT Education Directory ATA Home ATA Business Solutions State Trucking Associations US Government Sites State Government Sites Interact Submit Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit a Press Release Tell Us How We're Doing Contact Us Classified Jobs Equipment Directories Marketplace Place an Ad Multimedia Crossword Puzzle LiveOnWeb Webinars Sponsor a Webinar Videos Events Subscribe 9/8/2016 1:00:00 PM Write a Letter to the Editor Alphabet, Chipotle Test Burrito Drone Delivery at Virginia Tech Tweet  Print This   Alphabet Inc. In what’s sure to be a college student’s dream come true, drones soon will be delivering burritos on the campus of Virginia Tech. The experimental service, to begin this month and last a few weeks, is a test by Project Wing, a unit of Google’s parent company, Alphabet Inc. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. and the Blacksburg, Virginia, university have agreed to participate. The Federal Aviation Administration approved the venture, the most extensive test yet in the United States of what many companies — including Amazon.com Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. — hope will eventually become routine drone deliveries of products. Amazon has begun a round of trials at a location in the United Kingdom. "It’s the first time that we’re actually out there delivering stuff to people who want that stuff,” said Dave Vos, who heads Project Wing. Project Wing will use self-guided hybrids that can fly like a plane or hover like a helicopter. They will make deliveries from a Chipotle food truck to assess the accuracy of navigation systems and how people respond. The devices will hover overhead and lower the Chipotle edibles with a winch. RELATED: Google's Project Wing delivery drone to be tested at US site Part of the experiment will be to see how well the packaging protects the chow and keeps it warm. Food was selected as the demonstration cargo because it’s a challenge. The company already is at work on a more sophisticated second version of the aircraft that won’t be used in the tests, Vos said. Before widespread deliveries can occur, companies will have to convince FAA that drones can avoid each other and safely navigate to drop spots using robotic technology. The agency on Aug. 29 instituted broad new regulations for commercial drones. While companies hope the rules will clear the way for drone deliveries, they didn’t permit such flights initially. RELATED: Landmark rule opens skies to more commercial drones The burrito-bearing aircraft will be flown by automation, but human pilots will be standing by to take control if necessary to comply with FAA rules, Vos said. Because regulations also don’t allow drones to fly over people, participants will be shielded, according to the company. Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Vos said the experiment will not assess one of the major technology hurdles facing drone deliveries: creation of a low-level air-traffic system that can maintain order as the skies become more crowded with unmanned vehicles. NASA is working with Project Wing and other companies to develop the framework for such a system. Data from the tests will be provided to FAA to help the agency develop new rules allowing deliveries, Vos said. Alphabet sees the technology as potentially creating sweeping changes to society and the economy. It would not only reduce carbon emissions, but may change the way consumers shop, the company said in a statement. The project is part of Virginia Tech’s efforts to become a leader in new transportation technology, school President Timothy Sands said in an interview. “It sounds simple, but it’s not,” Sands said. “There are a lot of things to work out from a safety point of view and a policy point of view.” The university is part of the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership, one of six groups chosen as unmanned test beds by FAA. The volunteers ordering drone-delivery food will be made up of a mix of Virginia Tech employees, students and possibly other recruits, said Mark Blanks, director of the partnership. “This is the most complex delivery flight operation that I am aware of that’s occurred on U.S. soil,” Blanks said. By Alan Levin Bloomberg News Follow Transport Topics on RSS Twitter Facebook © 2016, Transport Topics, American Trucking Associations Inc. Reproduction, redistribution, display or rebroadcast by any means without written permission is prohibited.   RELATED ARTICLES Alphabet Taps Brakes on Delivery by Drone Project (11/8/2016 3:40:00 PM) NHTSA to Hold Listening Session on Automated Vehicles (11/4/2016 10:35:00 AM) Self-Driving Truck Delivers (10/31/2016 4:00:00 AM) NHTSA Scared This Self-Driving Entrepreneur Off the Road (10/28/2016 4:00:00 PM) Google Express Expands Across Southeast, Northwest (10/25/2016 2:30:00 PM) Hyperloop One Raises $50 Million, Dubai Port CEO Added to Board (10/14/2016 11:00:00 AM)  < More Related Articles...   LATEST NEWS UPS to Get $27 Million in Incentives for New Atlanta Hub C.R. England Opens Driving School at Site of New Terminal Near Atlanta UTi Worldwide to Lay Off 96 More Employees After Merger Thanksgiving Holiday Travel Expected to Be Busiest Since 2007 Freight Rail Poised for Manufacturing Boom, Norfolk Southern Exec Says Amazon Taps Merchants for Warehouse Space to Expand Inventory   More Latest News...   LATEST JOBS Powered By: Follow Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Newsletters TTExpress This free daily newsletter delivers the latest headlines. TT Executive Suite This subscriber-only newsletter program tailors your news. Services Subscribe Renew Group Subscriptions Buy a Digital Copy Customer Service Archives Staff Contact Us Advertising Print Classified Digital Media Reprints Buyer's Guide © American Trucking Associations, Inc., All Rights Reserved TTNews.com Privacy Statement
topamax recall Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Arts Statistics Real Estate Youth Church Obituaries Farm Business-Employment Community & Columns Calendar About Us Submit Stories Archives RSS Crime Stoppers 9/8/16 Digg this post Recommend on Facebook Share via MySpace Tweet about it Print for later Tell a friend Crime Stoppers will pay you cash for information if it will help the Van Wert Police Department solve a theft that occurred at the local Walmart store in Van Wert. At approximately 4:30 p.m. Tuesday, September 6, a purse was stolen from a shopping cart in the parking lot area. The purse is described as a beige handle purse with pastel flowers. The security video developed a person of interest.  Please see the attached photo to help identify this person. If you have any information about this crime, call Crime Stoppers at 419.238.7867. You will not have to give your name or reveal your identity. If your information helps to solve this case, Crime Stoppers will pay you a cash reward up to $1,000. Crime Stoppers also pays cash rewards for information about other felony crimes or wanted fugitives not reported on the Crime of the Week. Remember, crime doesn’t pay, but Crime Stoppers does! POSTED: 09/08/16 at 1:08 pm. FILED UNDER: Crime Stoppers Copyright © 2010-2016 The Van Wert Independent — Subscribe to our RSS feed — Web Site Design by J. DeWert Enterprises, LLC
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 Nov. 8 Election Results Erica Parsons Keith Scott WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Forecast Video Hour by Hour Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football March Madness Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 1 Live Breaking News 2 465970643 Steves Coats Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Wal-Mart: Coke display stacked like twin towers removed Updated: Sep 8, 2016 - 2:47 PM Twtter NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center has been removed from a Florida store, and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack. The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers built of Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner above the display said, "We will never forget," with the Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart logos in a corner. Walmart said in a statement the display was removed Wednesday. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display," it said. The company said the design for the display for the store in Panama City Beach, Florida, came from the supplier, and was approved by its store management. The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honor local firefighters and support an upcoming event for their organization. "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display," the bottler said. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Wal-Mart: Coke display stacked like twin towers removed Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico Nick Cannon is expecting a baby with his ex-girlfriend Trump taps conservative Kansas congressman for CIA Daily fantasy sports rivals DraftKings and FanDuel to merge News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Charlotte Coupons About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all Previous Next Revealed: Foreign workers paid as little as 70 cents an hour are being forced to live on Hawaiian fishing boats in squalid conditions and are BANNED from setting foot on shore About 700 workers from poor parts of Asia are working without rights or protection on Hawaiian fishing boats  The undocumented workers are often brought in after boat owners pay brokers to get them to Hawaii   Many workers live in squalid conditions, forced to use buckets instead of toilets, and have running sores  A federal loophole allows the workers to be on boats for years at a time but they are not allowed on shore  By Associated Press Published: 06:27 EST, 8 September 2016 | Updated: 20:30 EST, 8 September 2016 e-mail 60 shares 18 View comments About 700 workers from impoverished parts of Southeast Asia and the Pacific islands are working in Hawaiian fishing boats without proper works permits or basic rights and protection. Hawaii's high-quality seafood is sold with the promise it is caught by locals, however it has been revealed many of the men who haul the prized catches out of the water are instead undocumented foreigners.  A federal loophole allows American boats to employ workers in the dangerous industry for years at a time - provided they never step foot on shore. A six-month investigation has uncovered many of the workers live in horrendous conditions, are forced to use buckets instead of toilets and suffering running sores from bed bugs, and are paid as little as 70 cents an hour. Scroll down for video  About 700 workers from impoverished parts of Southeast Asia and the Pacific islands are working in Hawaiian fishing boats (pictured) without proper works permits or basic rights and protection  There have been instances of human trafficking, active tuberculosis and low food supplies.  Americans buying Hawaiian seafood are almost certainly eating fish caught by one of these workers. 'We want the same standards as the other workers in America, but we are just small people working there,' said fisherman Syamsul Maarif, who didn't get paid for four months.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Female shooter injures another girl before killing herself... 'Admit there are others': Woman who claims she was raped by... EXCLUSIVE: Playboy model, 29, who body-shamed elderly woman... Share this article Share He was sent back to his Indonesian village after nearly dying at sea when his Hawaiian boat sank earlier this year. Because they have no visas, the men can't fly into Hawaii, so they're brought by boat.  And since they are not technically in the country, they're at the mercy of their American captains on American-flagged, American-owned vessels, catching choice swordfish and ahi tuna that can fetch more than $1,000 apiece.  Hawaii's high-quality seafood (pictured) is sold with the promise it is caught by locals, however it has been revealed many of the men who haul the prized catches out of the water are undocumented foreigners  A federal loophole allows American boats to employ workers (pictured) in the dangerous industry for years at a time - provided they never step foot on shore The entire system contradicts other state and federal laws, yet operates with the blessing of U.S. officials and law enforcement. 'People say these fishermen can't leave their boats, they're like captives,' said U.S. Attorney Florence Nakakuni in Hawaii.  'But they don't have visas, so they can't leave their boat, really.' Each of the roughly 140 boats in the fleet docks about once every three weeks, occasionally at ports along the West Coast, including Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco, but mainly at Piers 17 and 38 in Honolulu.   U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer Ericson Padilla (right) checks the documents of an Indonesian fisherman from an American fishing vessel docked in Honolulu A six-month investigation has uncovered many of the workers live in horrendous conditions, forced to use buckets instead of toilets and suffering running sores from bed bugs, and are paid as little as 70 cents an hour on Hawaiian boats (pictured) Their catch ends up at fancy restaurants and in supermarkets' premium fish counters across the country, including Whole Foods, Costco and Sam's Club. All companies that responded condemned the mistreatment of workers. Costco said it was investigating. Wal-Mart, which owns Sam's Club, declined to comment. Charlie Nagle, whose family has been in the seafood industry for 130 years, said his buyers 'do not and will never knowingly source from vessels that mistreat their crew.'  Richard Stavis of Stavis Seafood said Thursday that his company is not currently selling fish from Hawaii.  Dr. Craig Nakatsuka (left) distributes medication and fruit to undocumented foreign fishermen who work aboard American fishing boats in Honolulu A United States Coast Guard team moves toward an American fishing vessel off the coast of Honolulu for an inspection Whole Foods spokeswoman McKinzey Crossland said only one per cent of the chain store's seafood comes from Hawaii, and she has been assured that boat crews are well paid with bonuses and health insurance. She added that the company is looking into the issue. The Associated Press obtained confidential contracts and interviewed boat owners, brokers and more than 50 fishermen in Hawaii, Indonesia and San Francisco as part of an ongoing global look at labor abuses in the fishing industry.  Last year, the AP reported about fishermen locked in a cage and buried under fake names on the remote Indonesian island village of Benjina.  Their catch was traced to the United States, leading to more than 2,000 slaves being freed.   Much of the fish caught by the foreign workers ends up at fancy restaurants and in supermarkets' premium fish counters across the country, including Whole Foods, Costco and Sam's Club Workers (pictured, a man smoking a cigarette on one of the boats) often can be confined to their boats sometimes for many years at a time But thousands more remain trapped worldwide in a murky industry where work takes place far from shore and often without oversight. In Hawaii, federal contractors paid to monitor catches are troubled by what they've seen while living at sea with the men. 'It's like, "How is this even legal? How is this possible?"' said Forest O'Neill, who coordinates boat observers in Honolulu. 'They are like floating prisons.' Under the law, U.S. citizens must make up 75 per cent of the crew on most American commercial fishing boats.   A U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer (left) checks the documents of a Filipino fisherman (right) aboard an American fishing vessel docked in Honolulu A undocumented foreign fishermen who works aboard an American fishing boat uses a flashlight to follow a church service at Pier 38 in Honolulu. A church outreach project holds services for the men twice a week But influential lawmakers, including the late Hawaii Sen. Daniel Inouye, pushed for a loophole to support one of the state's biggest industries.  It exempted commercial fishing boat owners from federal rules enforced almost everywhere else. Thus the workers in Hawaii, who catch $110 million worth of seafood annually, are paid as little as 70 cents an hour.  They are detained on boats by captains who are required by law to hold their passports. That potentially goes against federal human trafficking laws saying bosses who hold workers' identification documents can face up to five years in prison.  Workers cling to the ladder of one of the vessels at San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf as the boat is checked for damage Pictured as two foreign fisherman who are being granted U.S. visas as the victims of human trafficking. The men escaped their boat by stealing their passports back from their captain - who had locked the documents in his quarters U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Coast Guard routinely inspect the Hawaiian boats.  At times, fishermen complain they're not getting paid and officers say they tell owners to honor the contracts. But neither agency has any authority over actual wages. 'This is a unique situation,' said Coast Guard vessel examiner Charles Medlicott. 'But it is legal.' On some boats the fishermen are paid as little as $350 a month, but many make $500 to $600.   Many of the fisherman suffered injuries while working on the boats and were unable to have them treated, such as this man with his damaged finger Boat owners often pay brokers to bring the workers in from overseas, including places such as Indonesia (pictured), Vietnam, Kiribati, and the Phillippines A lucky few get a percentage of the catch, making it possible to triple their wages.  The men are willing to give up their freedom to take these jobs because the pay is better than they can make back home in developing countries where many people live on less than $1 a day. Boat owners pay brokers to bring the men from overseas — mostly from Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam and the tiny Pacific island nation of Kiribati. It costs about $10,000 to get each fisherman to Hawaii. In the long run, foreign crews end up being cheaper than bait and ice. Workers typically sign two or three-year renewable contracts, and some extend repeatedly, staying up to a decade on boats with five to six crew.  Many fisherman leaves places like Indonesia (pictured) to work in Hawaii in the hope of finding better conditions and more pay Pictured is a narrow street in Indonesia lined with under construction houses. Many of the homes are bought using money fisherman send home from around the world In rare cases, boat owners can request passes from federal authorities to take workers ashore for things such as medical care.  The men also come on land when their contracts are up and it's time to go home.  Even though they never legally enter the United States, the government provides a transit visa that lets them exit through Honolulu's airport. It's a system that leaves the foreign fishermen potentially vulnerable.  An American fishing boat sails into Honolulu after it had been stopped for a Coast Guard inspection moments earlier  A selection of the fish caught by foreign crews aboard American ships are stacked at the Honolulu Fish Auction in Honolulu 'Most of the fish caught and sold in Hawaii is done by the use of exploiting migrant workers in what looks to be a human trafficking scheme legitimized by our own laws,' said Kathryn Xian, who runs the nonprofit Pacific Alliance to Stop Slavery. Signs posted at Pier 17 in six languages offer a hotline to help fishermen who have been trafficked.  That's what happened to Abdul Fatah and Sorihin, who uses one name.  The Indonesians ran away from their boat six years ago when it docked in San Francisco and were eventually granted visas after being designated as victims of trafficking. Sorihin has some advice for American seafood lovers: 'Ask, where did this fish come from? Is it the kind of fish that you got from someone in slavery?'    Share or comment on this article e-mail 60 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos Most Popular Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn - 00:35 Sessions accepts Trump's attorney general post - 00:47 Breakingviews TV: Goldman scions - 03:20 Spending a night at Dracula's castle - 01:00 Swap that environmentally-unfriendly to-go cup - 01:20 Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than conventional foam versions - 01:46 Carlos Ghosn: NAFTA issue won't be big hurdle - 05:53 New oil low despite Libya's troubles - 02:23 Trump meets Japan's Abe in NYC - 02:12 Cubs players break out the victory champagne - 01:22 Clinton wanted to "curl up" after election loss - 02:24 U.S. surgeons separate Nigerian conjoined twins - 00:42 Investing based on top lines can fatten your bottom line Friday, October 18, 2013 - 02:36 RevenueShares Large Cap ETF has consistently beaten the SPDR S&P 500 ETF, despite holding the same companies. The reason? It puts the emphasis on firms' revenues, not their market caps. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript A common way to measure the growth of companies is profit. -- you can go step by cutting costs. Not so with revenue. And betting on companies that excel at growing their top two lines that helped investors boost their bottom. And -- little known index fund that weight companies by revenue instead of the standard market cap is beating it. Big name -- it. Revenue shares large cap ETF -- RWL. Has consistently outgunned its market cap counterpart spdr S&P 500 -- asked -- why. On an annual basis. This year over three years and by ten percentage points since it was launched in the death of the Great Recession in 2008. -- with revenue shares small cap on vs fighters S&P 600 ETF FLY. But let's focus on large camps. Both funds hold this thing stopped. A look at their top ten holdings. And you'll see why they -- differently. RW -- overweights low margins sectors with big revenues such as retail in energy but underweights technology. It's top holding is Wal-Mart the world's largest retailer. Just one heck he makes its list apple at number four and energy companies take three spots now look at asked -- why -- on top. Microsoft makes a cameo at third. Wal-Mart is a no show and Phillips 66 is -- six so there's one less energy company. He -- database managing director Michael Johnson says. Revenue shares gets mileage out of companies that grow revenue at a time when others are simply boosting earnings through cost cutting instead of through sales. RWL gets five stars on Morningstar and ranks highly on Lipper. One weak spot back testing shows it under performs one the economy turns down. It's consumer discretionary stocks got slammed in 2000. Vincent -- is chairman of the company that owns revenue shares. -- associates. -- -- -- -- We -- to perform. Most of the time but that's only not only last about six months typically in any procession. When the market bottomed in march of 09 RWL took off and pulled away from SP one. Another issue RW -- charges half a percentage point in fees that's five times more than dirt she asked he why. So far it's outperformance as offset those higher charges. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1qMoVUH <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=274198923"></iframe> Close Investing based on top lines can fatten your bottom line Friday, October 18, 2013 - 02:36 Top News » NATO "absolutely confident" of Trump... 6:58pm IST - (0:39) India's farmers bear the brunt of cash crunch 2:48pm IST - (1:24) Fight for Mosul not yet over 12:29am IST - (1:09) Clashes break out during anti-austerity march... 12:24am IST - (0:57) Breakingviews TV: Goldman scions Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Pence "humbled" by enthusiasm on Capitol Hill Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Trump voters got their win, now what? Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:02) U.S. spy chief Clapper resigns Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) Chinese "Trump" pheasant the pride of Zhejiang Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) Heavy fighting in Mosul's eastern Tahrir Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Obama greeted by closest ally Merkel in Berlin... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Currency crisis hits Indian farmers, wholesale... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) Hundreds march in L.A. for Trump to fire... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Prince William calls for end to illegal... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Confusion surrounding Trump's talks with... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) South Korea holds breath as students sit... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:17) Colombia rebel group suspected in attack on... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Canada to respond to concrete Trump trade... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Republican women cheer Trump presidency Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:06) Iraqi forces attack Islamic State near Mosul,... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:03) Kerry warns of climate threat at talks... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Breakingviews TV: Tackling too big to fail Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (4:52) Obama depart Athens for Berlin on European... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Obama, on last trip to Europe, warns against... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:36) Trump leaves restaurant after shuffling... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) Business » Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs at VW brand by... 7:16pm IST - (1:50) Draghi toughens tone on bank regulation,... 7:05pm IST - (1:53) China eyes APEC trade leadership after Trump's... 6:54pm IST - (1:59) India's farmers bear the brunt of cash crunch 4:59pm IST - (1:41) British retailers do battle for top Xmas ad 3:43pm IST - (1:37) Why Europe tops market risk list for 2017 2:47pm IST - (1:45) Kenyan coffee ambitions heat up 12:52pm IST - (1:28) Wall Street lifted by data, earnings, and... 3:18am IST - (1:12) Russia blocks LinkedIn 2:31am IST - (1:16) Jonathan Corpina on Yellen impact on markets 2:14am IST - (4:19) Rate hike "relatively soon" - Yellen 12:39am IST - (1:23) Carlos Ghosn: NAFTA issue won't be big hurdle Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (5:53) Didi talks rev up VW China push Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:52) Breakingviews TV: Goldman scions Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:20) Wal-Mart's profit drops Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) Peugeot Citroen, Renault, VW lead European car... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:20) Euro zone maths: Trump + data = uncertainty Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) What Brexit? UK retail sales growth at 14-year... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:22) The Japanese firm behind Barca's mega sponsor... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:42) S Africa game industry counts drought costs Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Rio Tinto execs sacked amid bribery probe Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Dow, S&P 500 drop as U.S. bank rally wanes,... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:13) LCK Wealth Management's Laurie Kamhi's take on... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (3:51) Jaguar unveils electric vehicle Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Jaguar unveils electric vehicle Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Rough Cuts » NATO "absolutely confident" of Trump... 6:58pm IST - (0:39) "Drain the swamp"?; Jon Stewart 's take 6:26pm IST - (1:22) Obama holds talks with Merkel, EU leaders in... 4:55pm IST - (0:46) Russia launches air attacks on targets in... 4:40am IST - (0:59) Three-man space crew blasts off to... 4:25am IST - (1:27) Easton to make West End debut in '42nd Street' 3:56am IST - (1:42) Nicole Kidman hits the red carpet in New York 2:55am IST - (1:50) Clashes break out during anti-austerity march... 12:24am IST - (0:57) Pence "humbled" by enthusiasm on Capitol Hill Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) U.S. spy chief Clapper resigns Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) I.S. car-bomber blown up before attack: video Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:35) Heavy fighting in Mosul's eastern Tahrir Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Obama greeted by closest ally Merkel in Berlin... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Duterte calls world court "useless", may... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:16) Clinton wanted to "curl up" after election... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:24) Protests erupt in Turkey's southeast after... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:47) Hundreds march in L.A. for Trump to fire... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) Tight security around Trump Tower disrupts Big... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Conway refutes claims of problems in Trump's... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:39) Bob Dylan will be no-show at Nobel prize... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Peru's Sabancaya volcano spews more smoke and... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) A heated exchange at State Department briefing Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:39) Clinton: "America needs you" Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) Canada to respond to concrete Trump trade... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Minnesota officer charged in Philando... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) Technology » Create the perfect beer using genetics Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Chimps caught on camera 'fishing' for algae Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:03) Smart rats join tool-user club Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Groin-flashing frog found in Australia Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:41) Turning urine into biogas Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Plaques unveiled to mark Paris attack sites Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Canada mourns Leonard Cohen Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:44) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:55) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:48) Robot dinosaurs unveiled in Japan Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Paralyzed primate walks again after... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) Grow food at home from plant cells Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Stopping drug resistant organisms Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) 'Blue blood' bid to encourage DNA screening Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Bolivian llama conservation efforts pay... Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:38) ROLI's touch-responsive tech presents a new... Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:29) Delft designers hope for drone take-off Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:13) Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than... Wed, 02 Nov, 2016 - (1:46) Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily,... Wed, 02 Nov, 2016 - (2:11) New robot toy uses ‘emotions’ to interact with... Tue, 01 Nov, 2016 - (1:45) Intelligent prosthetic leg automatically... Mon, 31 Oct, 2016 - (1:58) Dinosaur brain tissue identified for first... Thu, 27 Oct, 2016 - (1:58) Playing Pac-Man with tiny microbes Thu, 27 Oct, 2016 - (2:09) Oddly Enough » Canberra zoo adds four newborn lemur babies 1:35pm IST - (0:37) Biscuit dunking takes new heights Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Chinese "Trump" pheasant the pride of Zhejiang Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:08) China's golden pheasant heralded as Trump... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Japan's wine lovers bathe in Beaujolais... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (0:50) NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Cows rescued after being stranded in NZ quake Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (0:45) Punches thrown in Ukrainian parliament as MPs... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:40) Dog yoga record broken in Japan Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Supermoon appears in Australia Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Magnificent lights over Sweden likely caused... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Supermoon rises in Spain Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) 'Sha-la-la-la-la' for Philippines' Duterte and... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:49) Rare pink diamond on display in Geneva Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:05) Plans underway for new Trump wax figure Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Philippine and Malaysian leaders let loose... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:04) Mars show home goes on display at observatory Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:28) Record snow in Swedish capital Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) “Sky Blue” diamond expected to fetch $25... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:20) Mariachis protest "sad" election outside Trump... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Tobler-moan: Brits unhappy with smaller bar Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) Clinton camp 'freezes' in election day ad Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Animals have their say in U.S. election Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Clinton and Trump are turned into pooper... Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Entertainment » Mark Wahlberg on his Boston Marathon bombing... 7:10pm IST - (1:25) "Drain the swamp"?; Jon Stewart 's take 6:26pm IST - (1:22) Tom Hanks on Presidential Medal of Freedom... 4:41am IST - (2:34) Newly engaged Ricky Martin off to Vegas for... 4:00am IST - (2:18) Easton to make West End debut in '42nd Street' 3:56am IST - (1:42) Nicole Kidman hits the red carpet in New York 2:55am IST - (1:50) Grief takes unusual path in 'Manchester by the... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:51) Iconic Marilyn Monroe dress to be auctioned... Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:09) Bringing J.K. Rowling's magical world to life Thu, 17 Nov, 2016 - (1:37) The Rolling Stones' Exhibitionism debuts in... Wed, 16 Nov, 2016 - (1:10) Female rights top of agenda at Glamour Awards Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Natalie Portman's 'Jackie' premieres in LA Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:07) "Star Wars" exhibition comes to London Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:27) 'The Rock' discusses a future in politics Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) 'School of Rock - The Musical' opens in London Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (2:13) Models with Down Syndrome team up with... Tue, 15 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Disney releases "Beauty and the Beast" trailer Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) South Korean actors talk "Legend of the Blue... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:09) Aerosmith to say "Aero-Vederci" with European... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Duke of Cambridge presents theatre award Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Robert Vaughn dies at 83 Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) Robert Redford announces retirement from... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) The Classic Rock Roll of Honour Awards moves... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:17) Warren Beatty film return in "Rules Don't... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:50) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Latest News Featured Stories aFayette honors veterans News Wildfires, water restriction result of worst drought News Dynamite found near school Local Trump wins 56 percent of county vote Local Things of the past News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News Home Uncategorized No decision made on solar abatements Uncategorized September 8, 2016 slandon 0 No decision made on solar abatements 0 0   0 0 0   0   0 more  No decision made on solar abatements September 8, 2016 slandon now playing aFayette honors veterans September 8, 2016 slandon now playing Wildfires, water restriction result of worst drought September 8, 2016 slandon Dynamite found near school September 8, 2016 slandon Trump wins 56 percent of county vote September 8, 2016 slandon now playing Things of the past September 8, 2016 slandon now playing Mike's Musings - Veterans and football players deserve our praise September 8, 2016 slandon Things I learned while searching for other things September 8, 2016 slandon The Maine Man September 8, 2016 slandon Church Happenings 11-16-16 September 8, 2016 slandon Outsmarted by a dummy September 8, 2016 slandon Both firm, county expect tax breaks to happen By Alton Mitchell Three big names are circulating around the LaFayette area and all three mean big business, jobs, and a massive investment in the LaFayette and Chambers County community. Those three names are Origis Energy, Walmart, and Alabama Power Company. The three companies are all involved in the plans to bring a major solar power plant to the city of LaFayette. On last week members of the Chamber County Commission met and released more information about the tax abatements Origis Energy may receive for locating the plant locally. County Commissioners are pushing for a negotiated ten year abatement with Origis Energy. That ten year abatement will grant abatement status to Origis on ad valorem tax and the sales and use tax. These abatements will center on those taxes related to the operations of Origis, however no abatements are being granted on taxes that are used toward public schools. The meeting on Tuesday Morning was by the Chambers County Commissions Rules, Ways, and Means Committee. Members of the Chambers County Development Authority were also present at the meeting to provide details on the abatement. No decision was made, but the meeting on Tuesday morning centered more on an information gathering session for the project. While the project comes more closer together it appears that all the ducks are lining up in a row and both the Chambers County Commission and city of LaFayette are pushing for the project to begin rising from the dirt. Related posts: City agrees to solar farm tax abatements Solar facility, new auto supplier seek tax abatements Abatements get county’s okay Solar facility to employ up to 300   0 0 0   0   0 previous Mike’s Musings - Your vote doesn’t count next Stars of the game slandon Related Posts Church Happenings November 9, 2016 slandon 0 Obituaries 11-9-16 November 9, 2016 slandon 0 Mikes’s Musings – Why aren’t you shopping locally October 27, 2016 slandon 0 Subscribe to The LaFayette Sun First Name Last Name Email Address Submit Facebook Like Box Facebook Copyright 2016, The LaFayette Sun Close News Featured Stories Top Stories Government Police & Courts Senior Living Sports School Obituaries Columns Videos Letters to the Editor Community Announcements Classified View Classified Ads How to Submit News × REPORT THIS [contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"] Share this video
About Us Advertise Archives Contact Us Friday 18th November 2016, Home Daily Business Report Cover Stories The Scene Events Column Dining Theatre Travel Auto Nominate Home → Daily Business Report → Daily Business Report-Sept. 8, 2016 Search Donovan’s Steakhouse Cover Story Recent California Soul Follow SD Metro Magazine Trending News Popular San Diego’s Top 25 Lawyers Our panel’s choices practice in a variety of legal fields 06 May, 2010 Cover Story — 40 Under 40 Awards 2012 09 September, 2012 40 Under 40 Awards — The Class of 2010 10 September, 2010 Cover Story — 40 Under 40 Awards, 2013 07 September, 2013 10th Annual 40 Under 40 Awards 08 September, 2009 Latest Tweets Daily Business Report-Sept. 8, 2016 Written by SD Metro Magazine in Daily Business Report Rendering of the  Carté Hotel & Suites San Diego Groundbreaking Friday for Newest Hotel High-Rise in Downtown San Diego The newest high-rise hotel in Downtown San Diego — the 14-story Carté Hotel & Suites San Diego — will break ground at 1 p.m. on Friday at 401 W. Ash St. in Little Italy. Latitude 33 Planning & Engineering, in association with Pierpoint Management LLC and Tucker Sadler Architects Inc., is overseeing site engineering efforts on the project. The hotel will include 240 upscale guest rooms and suites along with a restaurant, wine shop, full-service upscale athletic club, outdoor pool with spa and meeting space. The 151,248-square-foot project includes about 3,900 square feet of street-level retail space and 127 parking spaces on two levels of subterranean parking. The hotel is set to feature a 2,000-square-foot plaza that fronts Ash St. and include 24-hour valet parking. The hotel will have LEED Silver Certification upon completion. Construction is anticipated to take 18 months. The first hotel guest check-in could start in June 2018. Previous Latitude 33 hospitality projects include the Fairmont Grand Del Mar and Rancho Bernardo Inn in San Diego, the Four Seasons Resort Aviara in Carlsbad, Temecula Creek Inn in Temecula and Redlands Mesa in Grand Junction, Colo. __________________________ The new Mesa Commons at San Diego Mesa College The $44.3 Million Mesa Commons Dedication Sept. 14 at Mesa College Dedication of the new Mesa Commons at San Diego Mesa College — the new student hub and gateway to the campus — will be held on Sept. 14 and will include a ceremony, tours of the facility and an open house. The Commons houses two cafeterias, the campus bookstore, convenience store, coffee café, culinary arts management labs and classroom, student-run M Fusion Dining Café,  faculty and student lounge spaces, conference rooms, as well as campus stockroom, mail and printing services. The program is at 10 a.m. Open house and tours are from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. The 73,000-square-foot Mesa Commons was built at a cost of $44.3 million from the $1.555 billion Propositions S and N construction bond program. Mesa Commons is the first building on campus to house a group of cisterns that provide 100 percent of the site’s irrigation needs through reclaimed refrigeration condensate water and collected rain water. An organic roof garden is also a first for the campus. Used by the Culinary Arts Management department and fed by reclaimed water, the garden will provide some of the produce used in the building’s student-run café.  Multiple solar chimneys, radiant floor heating/cooling, and a substantial solar thermal array all make this building stand out for energy efficiency. The project team included SGPA Architecture and Planning and the Miller Hull Partnership; Balfour Beatty Construction, design/builder; Latitude 33, civil engineer; and Stantec, electrical engineer. __________________________ Gaming Industry Veteran Janet Beronio to Retire Janet Beronio, a veteran of the gaming industry who oversees Harrah’s Resort Southern Janet Beronio California as regional president and general manager, is to step down this month in retirement. Beronio will be succeeded by Darrell Pilant, currently the vice president and assistant general manager of the Valley Center resort. Beronio was named senior vice president and general manager in 2003, but her career with Caesars Entertainment dates back further. She began as associate general counsel for Harrah’s Entertainment, and later became vice president and general manager for Harrah’s Ak-Chin in Arizona, where she supervised the management of the company’s first Native American-owned gaming property and led the property through nine years of growth. In 2003, Beronio took on her current role at Harrah’s Resort Southern California, where she managed the construction and grand opening of a $168 million expansion in 2004; a $160 million revamp in 2014; and, this year, spearheaded a $14 million renovation project that is Darrell Pilant anticipated to be completed by summer 2017. “Janet is a gifted manager, a good friend and a caring person who is highly respected by her team members and peers,” said Bo Mazzetti, chairman of the Rincon Band of Luiseño Indians. These qualities, along with her keen business sense, have made all the difference in Harrah’s Resort Southern California’s growth and success. Pilant has been with Caesars Entertainment for 19 years. He began his career in 1997 as first mate at Harrah’s Casino and Hotel in North Kansas City and, over the next 10 years, held positions at seven different locations across the United States, eventually working his way to assistant general manager at Harrah’s Resort Southern California. __________________________ Harbor Island site Port of San Diego to Select Developer For Harbor Island Property By City News Service The Port of San Diego Board of Commissioners is scheduled Thursday to select a developer for property on the east end of Harbor Island. Port staff recommends a proposal by OliverMcMillan Inc., which built Village Hillcrest, the Uptown District in Hillcrest and the University City headquarters of Science Applications International Corp., among other projects. The other finalist out of six submissions is Sunroad Enterprises. According to a staff report, OliverMcMillan’s proposal — at $782 million on the low end to $978 million on the high end — calls for up to 1,500 hotel rooms, a “boatel” of as many as 300 rooms, waterfront shops and a seaplane exhibit operated in partnership with the San Diego Air & Space Museum. The exhibit would celebrate a location where seaplanes were built and launched. The 57-acre project would also include a new headquarters for the Port of San Diego and Harbor Police. Sunroad’s $600 million proposal was similar, but would add a conference center and connections to a nearby marina it owns. Some of the property was vacated earlier this year when a new rental car facility opened on the other side of adjacent Lindbergh Field. The current Harbor PD building and a staging area for taxis still occupies the land. Selection of a developer by the commissioners would open an exclusive negotiating window of between nine months and one year for port staff and the company to iron out details and prepare environmental studies. __________________________ San Diego Workforce Partnership Receives $400,000 Grant to Assist Retail Workers The San Diego Workforce Partnership was selected to receive a $400,000 grant from the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership to increase the economic mobility of workers in retail and adjacent sectors in San Diego County. Approximately 425 people in San Diego County will benefit from the grant, according to the announcement by the Walmart Foundation. “With the retail industry supporting one in four American jobs, this grant presents tremendous potential to impact retail workers (starting out or established) to grow in their current and future positions,” said Peter Callstrom, Workforce Partnership CEO. “The goal of this grant is to create clear career paths for hundreds of retail workers, providing skills training and new approaches to accelerate career advancement.” SDWP is one of 10 Workforce Development Boards selected across the country to collectively form and implement new models of career services specific to retail — models that will serve as best practices for the approximately 550 WDBs in the U.S. that already provide career services, such as career coaching, soft skills training, specialized skills training and referrals to other resources. The funding is part of a $10.9 million grant the Walmart Foundation made to The Partnership in March 2016. __________________________ NASA Seeks Spacecraft Assembly Concepts from University Students ExecutiveGov NASA has invited university student teams and their faculty advisers to design and analyze concepts that utilize modular space systems and robotic technology for in-space spacecraft assembly. NASA’s Game Changing Development Program and the National Institute of Aerospace seek ideas for the development of tugs that are powered by solar electric propulsion and would work to transfer payloads to a lunar distant retrograde orbit from low Earth orbit, NASA said Tuesday. The quest is part of the 2017 Breakthrough, Innovative and Game-changing Idea Challenge and interested participants are required to submit proposals by Nov. 30. NASA said a panel of experts will select four finalist teams to submit technical papers on their concepts and prepare a presentation for the BIG Idea Forum in February, for which they will get a $6,000 stipend. The space agency added it will offer the winning team paid internships with the GCD team at the Langley Research Center to develop and mature their concept. A few concepts NASA wants participants to use in the challenge include approaches for packaging modules to minimize the loads of launch vehicles, modular solar arrays and ion engines as well as robotic assembly of the modules that constitute the SEP tug. __________________________ USS Zumwalt rendering Navy’s Most Advanced Warship USS Zumwalt Heading for San Diego The Navy’s newest and most technologically advanced surface ship, future USS Zumwalt, departed Bath Iron Works in Maine on Sept. 7, marking the beginning of a three-month journey to its new homeport in San Diego. Crewed by 147 sailors, Zumwalt is the lead ship of a class of next-generation multi-mission destroyers designed to strengthen naval power. They are capable of performing critical maritime missions and enhance the Navy’s ability to provide deterrence, power projection and sea control. Named for Adm. Elmo R. “Bud” Zumwalt Jr., former chief of naval operations from 1970 to 1974, the Zumwalt-class features a state-of-the-art electric propulsion system, a wave-piercing tumblehome hull, stealth design and the latest war fighting technology and weaponry available. “As the DDG 1000 sails into open water, Zumwalt is once again on active service in the U.S. Navy,” said Capt. James A. Kirk, Zumwalt’s commanding officer. DDG 1000 will be the first U.S. Navy combatant surface ship to utilize an integrated power system (IPS) to provide electric power for propulsion and ship services. The IPS generates approximately 78 megawatts of power, nearly what a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier generates, to meet the total ship electric power requirements and provide extra capacity to accommodate future weapons and computing systems. The 147 sailors of Zumwalt have completed the training and certifications required of them in record time. “They have demonstrated superb technical expertise, teamwork, and toughness over the last three months,” said Kirk. Zumwalt is much larger than today’s destroyers. At 610 feet long and 80.7 feet wide, Zumwalt is 100 feet longer and 13 feet wider, and its flight deck is 93 percent larger than an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer. USS Zumwalt will be formally commissioned during Fleet Week Maryland in Baltimore, Oct. 15. Following the commissioning ceremony Zumwalt will begin its transit to San Diego, making several port visits en route. Upon arrival in San Diego, she is scheduled to take part in a Post Delivery Availability and Mission Systems Activation and is expected to be integrated into the fleet in 2018 following test and evaluation. About the author View all articles by SD Metro Magazine ← Daily Business Report-Sept. 7, 2016 Daily Business Report-Sept. 9, 2016 → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code* ← Previous Next → Latest Issue Click here to view this months issue interactive online version. Click here to view the PDF version of our magazine. Subscribe to Daily Business Report Online Form - Constant Contact List Signup Web Form Generator Voice Your Opinion We Want Your Opinions on San Diego’s Big Issues In the coming months, Probosky Research (one of California’s leading opinion research firms) will continue its partnership with SD METRO to survey San Diego residents about topics of interest to our readers. We’d like to throw open the door for suggestions for topics. What do you want to know? What do you think you know, but aren’t sure? What are you certain you know, but want to prove it beyond doubt? Ideally, we’d like to see questions that have to do with public policy. Some areas may include Mayor Filner’s first 100 days job performance, should the city be responsible for economic growth and the creation of new jobs, how important are infrastructure improvements to our daily lives (streets and bridges, etc.), how important is water independence, how satisfied are residents with public transit or how do city residents value Balboa Park and other open spaces? Do you believe the City Council should revive the Plaza de Panama plan for Balboa Park? You can email Probolsky Research directly with your ideas: info@probolskyresearch.com About Us Advertise Archives Contact Us 2013 © Copyright. San Diego Metro Magazine Creative Design by Jason Paul Marketing
null
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Weather Traffic Politics Opinion Business Business Innovation Police & Fire MGM Springfield Casinos Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Auto Racing Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook Patriots on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive Food on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest MassLive on YouTube Back to Main Menu Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters comments I ate Deep-Fried Twinkies from the Wal-Mart freezer section so you don't have to Print Email Nick O'Malley | nomalley@masslive.com By Nick O'Malley | nomalley@masslive.com masslive.com Follow on Twitter on September 08, 2016 at 11:45 AM, updated September 08, 2016 at 11:47 AM comments It's 2016, and every food needs to be a spectacle. The big contenders in today's foods -- well, the brands, really -- are in the midst of an arms race to get into the spheres of new customers and those new-fangled social media networks: their InstaFaces, their SnapYaks, their LinkedIns or whatever. Crazy new foods are going viral, and that means competitors are getting a leg up on those darn millennials -- or something. Maybe. Probably. No one actually knows if these are helping companies longterm. It's hard to say whether a stunt food is actually worth the effort beyond a brief flash in the pan of notoriety. But it seems to be swaying even the most entrenched of commercial enterprises -- even the mighty Twinkie. Deep-Fried Twinkies To be fair, the Twinkie's recent cultural relevance was at its peak back when the cakey treat's post-apocalyptic durability was played up as a plot point in the movie "Zombieland." Then Hostess went bankrupt back in 2012 before returning to prominence about a year later, officially making Twinkies a zombie movie McGuffin produced by a zombie company. So what's cool about Twinkies besides them supposedly (but not actually) lasting forever? They get fried at state fairs so people can marvel at the caloric cacophony in a setting where a plateful of fried dough and powdered sugar is already acceptable. Now, through a partnership with Wal-Mart (the exclusive vendor), you can bring the bad decisions of the fair into the comfort of your own home -- provided you're OK with eating re-heated deep-fried cake. I ate it so you don't have to: Frozen Deep-Fried Twinkies So what does it taste like? The actual structure of these things are pretty simple: normal Twinkies are given an extra layer of batter on the outside. It's just present enough to add a slight bit of crunch when it's cooked up, but not enough to make it overly bulky or doughy on the outside. The whole frying process is executed with surprising deftness for a ridiculous fair food that they're replicating for mass production. The thing about deep-frying crazy foods has less to do with the food itself and more with how it's fried. If there's too much batter, the original food gets lost and then you're just eating a bowling ball of oil. Instead, the Twinkies just get a nice, crispy coating when they're cooked, preventing them from turning into nutritional bugaboo. (They actually have just five calories more and four grams of sugar less than a Snickers bar, for those keeping score of such things.) Deep-Fried Golden Twinkie - These guys are the real winners. It's got that signature yellow cake taste with the creamy filling, and maintains the usual Twinkieness with a little bit of crunch from the batter on the outside. Heating them up makes that cream inside light and fluffly, pairing well with the spongey cake and crispy exterior It's cleanly battered holds up surprisingly well. I was expecting something droopy and sad to come out of the toaster, but this stands up well for something coming out of the freezer.  Deep-Fried Chocolate Twinkie - The chocolate version is similar, just with chocolate filling and coating. Unfortunately, it doesn't stand up as well. It has all the same texture elements, but just not as much flavor overall. The chocolate filling and yellow cake don't really mesh that well. It's a muddled blend of flavors as the chocolate and yellow sponge cake cancel each other out somewhat. This may just be a criticism of chocolate twinkies. But in general, mixing yellow cake with chocolate cream filling doesn't work as well as going vanilla-vanilla or chocolate-chocolate. Don't half-ass chocolate. It deserves better. So is it any good? The box describes this as a "funnel cake battered sponge cake." It's cake fried in cake. Somehow, this tasted about as good as that sounds. The final word While these do come from the freezer section, there's nothing saying that you have to heat these up. Sure, there's a note that says "KEEP FROZEN-COOK THOROUGHLY." And I'm sure that's sound advice. However, if you want to stop me from eating something in a stupid way, you've got to make the instructions sound like you're trying to avoid a lawsuit because the raw form is delicious (Case in point: cookie dough). So, I tried these cold. They tasted like, well, cold cake. You know, that taste you get when you know there's a leftover sheet cake in the office fridge, and it's the late afternoon, your lunch has worn off and you have no dignity left to keep you from descending on the cake's cold, half-scavenged carcass? It's like that with creamy filling on the inside. "I ate it so you don't have to" is a regular food column looking at off-beat eats, both good and bad. It runs every other Thursday-ish at noon-ish (expect this week we were late).  You can send any praise/food suggestions to nomalley@masslive.com. Please send all feedback on the plot points of "Zombieland" to gmaroon@masslive.com, who has not seen that movie. You can check out the rest of the series here.   Follow MassLive Food On Social Media @masslivefood fb.com/masslivefood instagram.com/masslivefood Food & Dining Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Best Of Mass Breakfast Find great breakfast spots in Western Mass. and Worcester! ... Read more» I ate it, so you don't have to MassLive.com's Nick O'Malley takes it for the team and eats the latest weird, novelty items. Burger King Mac n' Cheetos Cube Toast International Food Fest What are the best hard sodas? Red Robin Ramen Burger Friendly's Pop-Tarts Ice Cream Sandwich All "I Ate It" coverage » Columnists Fran Bellamy: Restaurant Reviews George Lenker: Beer Nut Ken Ross: Wine Press About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Press Pass Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: D2L September 08, 2016 11:42 ET D2L Named to Aragon Research 'Hot Vendors in Learning' List Brightspace for Enterprise Lauded for Its Personalization, Rich Content Experiences, Analytics and Open Architecture WATERLOO, ON--(Marketwired - September 08, 2016) - D2L, a global learning technology leader, is continuing its blazing momentum this summer as it announces its inclusion on Aragon Research's coveted Hot Vendors In Learning list. Aragon, a technology-focused research and advisory firm, selects Hot Vendors each year that push the boundaries of their fields. D2L was one of five selected in the Learning category that are "are helping enterprises to win the battle to make employees and customers more knowledgeable." Aragon's CEO and lead analyst Jim Lundy wrote in the report, "D2L's Brightspace has excelled with tech-savvy learners in K-12 and higher education markets, and recently has also developed capabilities for the corporate learning market. What makes D2L's Brightspace hot is its ease-of-use in allowing Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to develop engaging learning experiences. Flexible course building tools allow easy integration of both SME-created content and third party content (ie. scorm, YouTube, etc.) using drag-and-drop technology." "This honor from Aragon Research is further validation of our vision that a more personalized, engaging learning platform can help every learner learn their own way," said John Baker, CEO of D2L. "As D2L is increasingly embraced in the corporate learning space, it is particularly gratifying that Aragon is recommending Brightspace to organizations needing to increase engagement with cutting-edge learning techniques such as game-based learning, video-based content, and robust analytics." The honor is the latest of D2L's rapidly mounting accolades. In March, Fast Company Ranked D2L #6 on the Most Innovative Companies of 2016 list in the Data Science Category, amongst Google, IBM, Spotify, Costco, and Blue Cross Blue Shield. eLearning Magazine recently rated D2L as #1 in Adaptive Learning, and Brightspace was recently named the #1 LMS in Higher Ed by Ovum Research. In May, D2L announced the first wave of companies including Walmart has deployed Brightspace for Enterprise and in June D2L announced MEDA's adoption of the platform to empower female entrepreneurs in Libya. Earlier this summer, D2L unveiled its new Brightspace Daylight experience, which lets learners use smartphones, tablets or any browser-enabled device, eliminating barriers to learning. It also introduced Virtual Classroom, which lets team leads and experts schedule, deliver, and record live video conferencing sessions right from within the system with only a few clicks. Brightspace was designed with modern learners in mind and offers a clean, responsive user experience. It is available globally and fully localized so that corporations around the world can reap the benefits of improved learner engagement. The platform supports cutting-edge innovations including personalized learning to deliver adaptive content based on employee progress, game-based learning, simulations and advanced video features. The cloud platform is also rapidly deployed and integrates easily to existing technology. Going beyond basic reporting, Brightspace for Enterprise has powerful learning analytics that can measure the engagement of employees and show which training content is most effective. It also has options for private-label help desk and full service solution administration so that employers find the solution quick to deploy and easy to use and operate. D2L offers deep expertise in learning and engagement strategy and a rich set of creative services to help organizations create engaging content. To learn more about Brightspace for Enterprise, visit http://www.d2l.com/enterprise. ABOUT BRIGHTSPACE D2L's Brightspace is a digital learning platform that helps schools and organizations deliver personalized learning experiences in a classroom or online to people anywhere in the world. Created for the digital learner, Brightspace is cloud-based, runs on mobile devices, and offers rich multimedia to increase engagement, productivity and knowledge retention. The platform makes it easy to design courses, create content, and grade assignments, giving instructors more time to focus on what's most important -- greater teaching and learning. At the same time, analytics reports track and deliver insights into the performance levels of departments, courses, or individuals. ABOUT D2L D2L is the software leader that makes learning experiences better. The company's cloud-based platform, Brightspace, is easy to use, flexible, and smart. With Brightspace, organizations can personalize the experience for every learner to deliver real results. The company is a world leader in learning analytics: its platform predicts learner performance so that organizations can take action in real-time to keep learners on track. Brightspace is used by learners in higher education, K-12, and the enterprise sector, including the Fortune 1000. D2L has operations in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, Brazil, and Singapore. www.d2l.com © 2016 D2L Corporation. The D2L family of companies includes D2L Corporation, D2L Ltd, D2L Australia Pty Ltd, D2L Europe Ltd, D2L Asia Pte Ltd, and D2L Brasil Soluções de Tecnologia para Educação Ltda. All D2L marks are trademarks of D2L Corporation. Please visit D2L.com/trademarks for a list of D2L marks. Contact Information PRESS CONTACT Virginia Jamieson Vice President of PR and AR D2L Ltd. 650-279-8619 virginia.jamieson@d2l.com Twitter: @D2LNews   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Toys 'R' Us, Walmart release 'hot toys' list for 2016 holiday se - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2016 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Biker Dad Blog 2016 Mid-South Heart Walk Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Toys 'R' Us, Walmart release 'hot toys' list for 2016 holiday season 2016-09-08T15:08:03Z2016-09-08T15:49:19Z By Kendall Kirkham Email Connect kkirkham@wmctv.com (Source: Toys "R" Us) (WMC) - Toys "R" Us released it's annual "hot toy" list for the holidays. The list comes one week after Walmart released its list of what's expected to be hot in the toy department this year. Toys on both lists: Num Noms Lipgloss Truck and Doc McStuffins Hospital Care Cart, as well Star Wars theme toys. Other toys on the Toys "R" Us list: DreamWorks Trolls Hug Time Poppy and a SelfieMic Music Set. The Toys "R" Us list also highlights drones and coding toys, and six of its top 15 toys are exclusive to Toys "R" Us. At Walmart, some of the top toys include the Disney Princess Carriage, Razor PowerCore E100 Electric Scooter, Pie Face Showdown! Game and more. You can see the entire list at toysrus.com and news.walmart.com. Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> BREAKING Man charged with mass shooting at birthday party Man charged with mass shooting at birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:30 AM EST2016-11-18 15:30:34 GMT (Source: Dyer County Jail via Star Gazette) One person was arrested in a mass shooting at a 2-year-old's birthday party.More >> One person was arrested in a mass shooting at a 2-year-old's birthday party.More >> MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger MPD: Missing 10-year-old last seen at school, may be in danger Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:30 AM EST2016-11-18 15:30:01 GMT (Source: MPD) Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger.More >> Memphis Police Department is searching for a missing 10-year-old boy who was last seen at his school and may be in danger.More >> SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo SunTrust Zoo Lights bring holiday cheer to Memphis Zoo Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:28 AM EST2016-11-18 15:28:46 GMT It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo! More >> It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Memphis Zoo! More >> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Officer hit on head, hospitalized while making arrest Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-18 05:27:42 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >> A Memphis police officer was injured while trying to arrest someone.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 10:27 AM EST2016-11-18 15:27:42 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg.More >> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. More >> Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president.More >> Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. More >> A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring.More >> Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. More >> Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral.More >> Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. More >> For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing.More >> Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Billboard raises eyebrows in Rankin County Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 5:54 PM EST2016-11-17 22:54:58 GMT A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> A billboard is turning heads, raising eyebrows and concern in Rankin County. It is on Highway 80 about a mile past the airport in Pearl.More >> news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. More >> Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page.More >> Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth.More >> Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  More >> A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Police & Fire Sports Eagles Football Youth Sports MU Tigers Opinion Obituaries Classifieds For Rent For Sale Employment Contact Us Your Health Randy B. Rumble AAA News Police & Fire Sports Eagles Football Youth Sports MU Tigers Opinion Obituaries Classifieds For Rent For Sale Employment Contact Us Your Health Randy B. Rumble Obituaries reporter@bocojo.com 1 618 Randy Bruce Rumble, 63, of Hartsburg, passed away September 7, 2016 at his home. He was born June 25, 1953 in Washington, Indiana, the son of Elder Carl and Martha Senn Rumble. He graduated from Petersburg High School of Indiana with the class of 1972. He married Carol Frankford on September 20, 1975 in Palmyra, Illinois. Randy worked at Wal-Mart on Conley Road in Columbia. He was an active member and deacon of Goshen Primitive Baptist Church. He was a past member of the Ashland Optimist Club. He loved to make wooden items, enjoyed car races, golfing, fishing and camping. Funeral services will be held on Saturday, September 10, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. with burial following at Goshen Cemetery. Visitation will be on Friday, September 9, from 4:00 to 7:00 p.m. at Robinson Funeral Home in Ashland. He is survived by his wife, Carol; two sons, Derek (girlfriend Dea Wood-Coffman) Rumble of Hartsburg, Nathan (fiancé Jennie Askren) Rumble of Columbia; grandson, Colton Rumble of Hartsburg; his sisters and brothers-in-law of Indiana, Sharon Rumble, Patty and Steve Sherman, Sandy and Richard Melton, Ellie and Jerry Green; sister-in-law, Katie Joe Rumble; father-in-law, sister-in-law and brother-in-law of Illinois, Alvis Frankford, Colleen and Gary Wendt, several nieces and nephews. He is preceded in death by his parents, brother, Larry Rumble, one nephew, Tracy Melton and mother-in-law, Delores Frankford. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions are suggested to Goshen Cemetery Association in c/o Bonita Lenger 507 Springtime Drive, Ashland Mo, 65010. Share this article Hal Martin Sappington Eagles look to break Hallsville skid reporter@bocojo.com Facebook Comments Recent Posts YMCA signs contract for property purchase on west Liberty Lane November 16, 2016 MISSED DEADLINE November 16, 2016 Hunters Helping Conservation November 16, 2016 Categories Classifieds (4) Eagles Football (38) Employment (1) News (175) Obituaries (32) Opinion (51) Police & Fire (2) Sports (97) Your Health (9) Contact Us Your Message was sent, Thank you. Your Message was not sent, Please try again. © 2016 - Boone County Journal. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Food deflation woes hit Kroger in new 'grocery price war' Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 11:19 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images Shoppers at a Kroger supermarket in Peoria, Ill. Supermarkets such as Kroger are facing a pickup in food deflation, which is hurting top-line growth and igniting what Credit Suisse this week termed a "grocery price war." "One big issue with deflation is with lower prices it breeds more competition because you're trying to win traffic and you're being more promotional doing that," Wells Fargo analyst Zachary Fadem said in an interview. There have been price wars in the supermarket sector before and history has shown it can decimate margins and profitability as chains attempt to increase market share at all costs. "The current landscape is now beginning to look a lot like 2009, when meaningful deflation resulted in an industry price war and multiple quarters of declining earnings." -Edward Kelly, analyst, Credit Suisse Food-at-home prices fell in July by 1.6 percent from a year ago, marking the eighth consecutive month of declining food prices, according to the government's Consumer Price Index for food measured by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Categories showing the most deflation in July were eggs, followed by beef and pork. "The current landscape is now beginning to look a lot like 2009, when meaningful deflation resulted in an industry price war and multiple quarters of declining earnings," Credit Suisse analyst Edward Kelly said in a note Wednesday. He said the "price war of 2009/2010 carried on for three to four quarters before abating." Some analysts suggest the last price battle back starting around 2009 was one when Kroger won over customers by adopting more aggressive price promotions to compete with Wal-Mart Stores and others. At the time, its margins and sales took a hit and Kroger was pushing its own private label brands as a value alternative to name brands. On Friday, analysts will learn more about Kroger's current strategy when the company reports its fiscal second-quarter earnings and holds a conference call with analysts. Kroger declined comment for this story. In trading Wednesday, Kroger closed down $1.35, or 4 percent, to $31.32 a share — the stock's lowest level since December 2014. Earlier Thursday, the stock sank to a fresh 52-week low of $30.70, before edging higher. Kroger shares are down 25 percent this year. Wednesday's sell-off followed a disappointing announcement from Kroger rival Sprouts Farmers Market. In a press release Wednesday, Sprouts — a Phoenix-based supermarket chain operating in 13 states — warned about tougher industry conditions and lowered same-store sales guidance for its current third quarter. Specifically, Sprouts cited "significant ongoing deflation" as well as a "stepped-up promotional environment." Shares of the stock sank almost 14 percent Wednesday, and slipped less than 1 percent Thursday morning to trade at $19.52. As for Kroger, analysts are forecasting the supermarket giant will report mean earnings per share of 45 cents, up 2 percent from a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters. Revenue is forecast to rise 5 percent to $26.79 billion. In June, Kroger management conceded earnings for the fiscal second quarter ended Aug. 13 would not be easy. "In thinking about the cadence of our quarterly results compared to our long-term 8 percent to 11 percent guidance, we believe that the second quarter will be the toughest quarter, with slight growth over 2015," Kroger CFO J. Michael Schlotman said during the Cincinnati-based retailer's June 16 first-quarter conference call. Several analysts suggested there's a chance Kroger could bring down earnings and same-store sales forecasts for the full year. The Street consensus on comparable-sales growth, excluding fuel, is for a 2.6 percent gain in the second quarter, according to Consensus Metrix. "Given weaker-than-expected comps from several competitors who reported over the past six weeks (Sprouts, Smart & Final Stores, SuperValu, Whole Foods Market, Publix, just to name a few), investor expectations for Kroger have been reset lower," Deutsche Bank analyst Shane Higgins said in a note Thursday. Higgins added that investors in Kroger stock "were already skittish given Wal-Mart's widely-communicated price investments and the impact they could have on industry-wide sales and margins; Sprout's pre-announcement only fanned these concerns." According to Credit Suisse's Kelly, the conventional grocery chains are the ones accelerating the promotional activity, although he believes Wal-Mart could roll back prices to increase share and make it an even more challenging environment for food retailers. Wells Fargo's Fadem agrees Wal-Mart is getting more aggressive but says competition also is heating up from the dollar store players along with European hard-discount grocer Aldi's expansion. Currently, Aldi operates more than 1,500 stores in 33 states, and expects to have more than 2,000 outlets nationwide by the end of 2018. Indeed, Goldman Sachs conducted a price survey last month in the St. Louis, Missouri, market using 27 identical items found at Aldi, and it concluded those items were "priced 12 percent below the average price" of dollar stores (such as Dollar General and Family Dollar) as well as Wal-Mart. Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KR --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Final News Conference From COP22 in Marrakech UN Security Council Meeting 19th Annual United Nations Student Conference on Human Rights Lobby of Trump Tower in NYC Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park RADAR: First Blizzard of the Season Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Mike Segar/Reuters Trump Offers Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Position 14m ago Michael Flynn: Everything You Need to Know Top Stories My Stories Trump Offers CIA Director Post to Congressman Lt. General Tapped for National Security Adviser How Nepotism Law Might Affect Trump's White House Obama Urges European Leaders to Work With Trump Hundreds of O'Hare Airport Workers Vote to Strike Volkswagen to Shed 30,000 Jobs Prosecutor: Suspect in Bomb Attacks Talked to FBI for Days China, US Militaries Stage Joint Humanitarian Relief Drill Legal Pot Brings Temporary Tax Break for Some Train Derails in Netherlands, Causing Injuries but No Deaths #DonaldTrump Sam VarnHagen/Ford Motor Co. Trump Takes Credit for Keeping Ford Plant in US Nov 18 Trump 'Absolutely' Open to Naming Former Rivals to Cabinet: Adviser How Trump's Transition Compares With Recent Presidents' WREG Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party Nov 18 Police Officer Punches Woman in Face, Video Shows No Reasonable Officer Would Have Killed Castile: Prosecutor ABC Gretchen Carlson on Dealing With Alleged Sexual Harassment 1h ago 2 Bus Drivers Claim Same Supervisor Sexually Harassed Them at Work #DonaldTrump Play ABCNews.com Opioid Epidemic: What Will Trump Do? Nov 17 Police Practices: What Will Trump Do? Gun Control: What Will Trump Do? Politics #DonaldTrump President-Elect's 1st Meeting With World Leader #DonaldTrump How Trump's Lobbying Ban Could Shake Up Washington #BernieSanders Dems Move to Leverage Sanders' Popularity as Party Regroups #DonaldTrump Cities Across US Push Back Against Trump's Proposed Immigration Policies #BarackObama Obama Reassures Europe on Trump: NATO Is Here to Stay #DonaldTrump Mitt Romney to Meet With President-Elect Donald Trump, Under Consideration for Secretary of State #DonaldTrump Rumors of Conflict, Infighting Hover Over the Trump Transition #DonaldTrump Trump Holds Meetings With Haley, Kissinger and Sessions #DonaldTrump Golf Legend Gave the Australian Prime Minister Trump's Number #HillaryClinton Clinton Says 'Never, Ever Give Up' During 1st Speech Since Loss #BernieSanders Sanders: 'Maybe I Would Have Been Elected President' #DonaldTrump New York City Mayor Takes Long List of 'Concerns' to Trump Meeting What Could Happen to DACA Recipients Under Trump #MikePence Biden and Pence Meet for Lunch at Naval Observatory #DonaldTrump How the World's Strongman Leaders See a Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Trump Place No Longer the Place for President-Elect's Name More News Woman Appeals Rape Lawsuit Against Derrick Rose Justice Thomas Calls Conservatives to Continue Scalia's Work Michigan May Require Lead Screening of Children Trump Attorneys to Argue for Delay in Trump University Trial Boy Charged in Parents' Deaths Could Face Life in Prison JPMorgan Chase to Pay $264M in Bribery Case Missing Washington Couple, 2 Children Found Alive Director of National Intelligence Resigns Fed Chair Defends Dodd-Frank, Pledges Full Term Johnny Manziel Reaches Deal on Assault Case #ObamaCare Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Obama Talks 'Obamacare' Changes Under Trump Administration Nov 17 Obama Hopes Trump Will 'Stand Up' to Russia if Necessary Europe's Top Cop Fears Blowback From ISIS 'Squeeze' #NewYork Joey Comunale/Facebook 2 Charged With Murder in NYC Stabbing 2h ago 1 Dead, 12 Injured After Gas Explosion in Illinois Police Believe Body Found in NJ Likely That of Missing Man Happy Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Best and Worst Days to Drive This Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Is TSA Ready for a Record Number of Thanksgiving Travelers? #Thanksgiving Inside the $50K Thanksgiving Feast Served in New York City #Thanksgiving How to Throw a Trendy 'Friendsgiving' Police Officers Hand Out Turkeys Instead of Tickets #TSA TSA Ready for a Record Thanksgiving Travel Holiday #Thanksgiving Sandra Lee Shares Thanksgiving Recipes and Tips #Thanksgiving Grandma Using Lottery Winnings to Host Lavish Thanksgiving Feast for 27 Grandchildren #Thanksgiving Expert Tips to Find a Last-Minute Thanksgiving Flight Deal #Christmas Texas Man's Ugly Christmas Sweater Business Is Booming #Thanksgiving Countdown to Thanksgiving: Sandra Lee Shares Her Turkey Day Treats #Thanksgiving New Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Floats for 90th Anniversary #KanyeWest Scott Legato/Getty Images Kanye West: 'I Would Have Voted on Trump' Nov 18 AP Congressman's Missing Son Found Safe in Houston Nov 18 More News Brendan Dassey to Remain in Prison Pending Appeal ISIS Attacks as Poor Visibility Slows Iraqi Advance Zoo's Gorilla Enclosure Did Not Meet USDA Standards Teacher Fired After She Is Heard Using Racial Slur Study on NFL Player Safety Calls for Outside Doctors Beyond Rooms: Airbnb Adding Tours and Activities Trump Son-in-Law Hasn't Applied for WH Role: Adviser Appeals Court Rejects Lawsuit Against California Egg Law McDonald's Expanding Table Service Nearly 21M in US Have Substance Use Disorder: Report KNXV Road Rage Incident Leads to Chilling 911 Call in Arizona City Nov 17 Abandoned $85M Hotel Complex in Kabul Guarded on US Taxpayers' Dime Applications for US Unemployment Aid Fall to 43-Year Low #Thanksgiving Scott Olson/Getty Images Best and Worst Days to Drive This Thanksgiving 1h ago Slow-Cooker Recipes to Be Thankful for This Thanksgiving TSA Chief Says the Agency Is Ready for the Holiday Rush Mario Tama/Getty Images Why Men in Richest US Counties Can Expect to Live 10 Years Longer Than Poorest Nov 17 Mladen Antonov/AFP/Getty Images Man Likely 'Dissolved' in Yellowstone Hot Spring, Report Says Nov 17 Stefanie Keenan/Getty Images for Glamour Kaley Cuoco Calls Plastic Surgery the 'Best Thing I Ever Did' Nov 17 Kimberly Williams-Paisley's Mother Has Died Brian Austin Green Posts Adorable Photos of His Sons Getty Images | Courtesy www.drphil.com 'Very Sick' Actress Shelley Duvall Is Battling Mental Illness Nov 17 Judge Awards Damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Jennifer Lopez Recalls What She Wore in Labor With Her Twins The Associated Press Wisconsin Asks to Keep 'Making a Murderer' Inmate Locked Up Nov 16 Play ABCNews.com 9-Year-Old Miraculously Saves Baby Brother From Fall The amazing lifesaving feat has viewed over 11 million times and the pint-sized hero has no idea how he did it. Up Next: Play Dog Missing for 5 Months Reunited With Owner Earl Leaf/ Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images Robert Wagner Discusses Hollywood's Famed Leading Ladies in New Memoir 1h ago Charlie Sheen's Ex, 2 Children Safe: Officials Corbin Bleu Talks Life as a Newlywed Robert Gauthier/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images Barbra Streisand Reveals the Moment James Brolin Fell for Her Nov 17 'Fantastic Beasts' Will Keep You Coming Back for More 'Duck Dynasty' to End After Current Season Daniel Zuchnik/WireImage/Getty Images Bon Jovi Contributes $5,000 to Repair Ben Franklin's Gravestone Nov 16 In Case You Missed It Firefighters Replace Girl's Minnie Mouse Desk Destroyed by Fire #BeInspired 12-Year-Old Boy With Heart Condition Gets His NFL Wish #Lego World's Largest Lego Store Opens in London #LeBron LeBron Donates $2.5M to Smithsonian's Muhammad Ali Exhibit 9-Year-Old Saves Baby Brother as He Falls Off Table Pluto's Frozen Surface May Hide Underground Ocean #NASA NASA Astronaut on Verge of Becoming Oldest Woman in Space 35,000-Pound Humpback Whale Nearly Swallows Diver, Video Shows Campaign to Fight Loneliness Focuses on At-Risk Seniors Man Drives 3K Miles Cross-Country to Adopt Dog Oldest Stone Tablet of the Ten Commandments Up for Auction Sanitation Crew Digs Through 6 Tons of Garbage to Find Lost Wedding Rings #StarWars Play ABCNews.com Inspirations Behind Iconic Star Wars Costumes Nov 17 'Star Wars' Droid History at the Denver Art Museum See Some of the Most Popular 'Star Wars' Costumes Up Close The Associated Press Jennifer Lopez Duets With Marc Anthony at Latin Grammys Nov 17 Ryan Phillippe Opens Up on Co-Parenting With Reese Witherspoon During Holidays Review: Sting's Latest Album Is His Best Since 1996 Theo Wargo/Getty Images Laura Linney Shines in White 20m ago Brian Austin Green Shares Pics of His Smiling Family Nick Jonas Shares Sweet Pic With New Baby Niece Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Uncertainty Persists Amid Oil's Upside, Positive Jobless Claims Data 9/8/2016 9:03 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a slightly higher opening on Thursday,  with the slight optimism premised on the buoyancy in the commodity space. Also aiding sentiment would be data released overnight, which showed an increase in Chinese imports for the first time since late 2014, which points to better times at the world's second largest economy. That said, Fed rate hike fears may persist as a recent report showed that jobless claims unexpectedly fell in the recent reporting week. An unchanged stance from the European Central Bank at its September meeting isn't supporting the cause of the European markets after Asian stocks closed mixed. With the major averages either at all time highs or inching towards these levels, valuation concerns could also limit potential upside.   U.S. stocks went about in a lackluster manner on Wednesday before ending mixed. amid very little clarity from the Beige Book and a rise in oil prices.   The major averages opened lower but turned mixed in early trading. The S&P 500 Index and the Nasdaq Composite recovered and stayed afloat till early afternoon trading. The S&P 500 Index retreated thereafter and fell steadily till the mid-session. After gradually trimming the loss in the afternoon, the index managed to move above the unchanged line in late trading only to dip back below and end down 0.32 points or 0.01 percent at 2,186.    The Nasdaq Composite recovered from brief weakness in the mid-session to climb steadily in the afternoon, ending up 8.02 points or 0.15 percent at 5,284, a fresh record closing high. The Dow Industrials spent the bulk of the session in the red and was down 11.98 points or 0.06 percent at 18,526 at the close of trading.     Seventeen of the thirty Dow components closed lower for the session but thirteen stocks advanced. Home Depot (HD) and Wal-Mart (WMT) were the biggest decliners among the Dow components, while Caterpillar (CAT) rose notably.    Among the sectors, biotechnology, computer hardware, and transportation stocks gained ground. On the other hand, gold stocks came under selling pressure.    On the economic front, the Federal Reserve's Beige Book showed that economic activity continued to expand at a modest pace on balance in the twelve Federal Reserve districts. The report showed that consumer spending was little changed, with auto sales declining slightly but remaining high. Non-financial services activity picked up momentum and manufacturing activity rose slightly, according to the report.     While residential real estate rose at a moderate pace, commercial real estate activity expanded further. Labor market conditions were qualified as tight, with wage pressures rising further. The Fed noted that price increases remained slight.    Currency, Commodity Markets    Crude oil is climbing $0.81 to $46.31 a barrel. The October futures ended the previous session down $0.67 at  $45.50 a barrel. Gold futures are currently trading at $1,350.20 an ounce, up $1 from the previous session's close of $1,349.20 an ounce. On Wednesday, gold fell $4.80.  On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 101.69 yen compared to the 101.74 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Wednesday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1319 compared to yesterday's $1.1239.    Asia    The Asian markets ended mixed yet again, tracking the lackluster performance on Wall Street overnight even as Chinese import data suggesting some vibrancy in the Chinese economy offered support. The Japanese, New Zealand and Australian markets retreated, while most other markets advanced.    The Japanese market advanced, as the yen strengthened in the wake of the risk aversion and stronger domestic data. The Nikkei 225 Index opened lower and moved sideways until late trading. After a steep drop, the index recouped some of its losses but still ended down 53.67 points or 0.32 percent at 16,959.    Construction, food, paper, chemical, resource, export, banking, insurance, telecom and most utility stocks moved to the downside. On the other hand, retail, real estate and most pharma stocks advanced.    Australia's All Ordinaries Index languished below the unchanged line throughout the session before ending down 36.50 points or 0.66 percent at a nearly 2-month low of 5,485.    The market witnessed broad based weakness, with material, energy and consumer stocks taking big bits, while real estate stocks rallied.    However, the China's Shanghai Composite Index ended a volatile session up 4.03 points or 0.13 percent at 3,096. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index also advanced 117.53 points or 0.75 percent to 23,919.    On the economic front, data released by the Chinese General Administration of Customs showed that exports from China fell 2.8 percent year-over-year in August, smaller than the 4.4 percent drop expected by economists. In July, exports fell 4 percent. At the same time, imports rose 1.5 percent compared to the 12.5 percent plunge in the previous month, marking the first increase since late 2014.     Consequently, the Chinese trade surplus narrowed to $52.05 billion from July's $52.31 billion. Economists had expected a surplus of $58.8 billion.    Revised second quarter GDP data released by Japan's Cabinet Office showed that the domestic economy grew at an upwardly revised sequential rate of 0.2 percent in the second quarter. The preliminary estimate showed stagnation. Annually, GDP rose 0.7 percent, upwardly revised from the 0.2 percent uptick initially estimated.    Trade data release by Japan's Ministry of Finance showed that the Japanese current account surplus came in at 1.9 trillion billion yen in July, below the 2.07 trillion yen surplus expected by economists. The trade balance showed a narrower surplus, which was still good enough to beat economists' estimate.    The Australian Bureau of Statistics reported that the Australian trade deficit narrowed in July, as exports rose 3 percent month-over-month and imports remained flat.     Europe  European stocks were mostly lower, as the European Central Bank's decision to hold interest rates unchanged failed to cut ice with traders. The French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are lower, while the U.K. Market is holding up, supported by the rally in energy stocks. On the economic front, the European Central Bank left its key interest rates unchanged for a fourth straight month and also retained its asset purchase program. The bank stated that rates will remain at the present lower levels for an extended period.     U.S. Economic Reports  First-time claims for U.S. unemployment benefits unexpectedly edged lower in the week ended September 3rd, according to a report released by the Labor Department.   The report said initial jobless claims dipped to 259,000, a decrease of 4,000 from the previous week's unrevised level of 263,000. The modest drop came as a surprise to economists, who had expected initial jobless claims to inch up to 264,000.   The Energy Information Administration is due to release its weekly petroleum status report for the week ended September 2nd at 11 am ET.    Crude oil stockpiles rose by 2.3 million barrels to 525.90 million barrels in the week ended August 26th. Stockpiles were at historically high levels for this time of year. Distillate inventories rose by 1.5 million barrels and were near the upper limit of the average range for this time of the year. Meanwhile, gasoline inventories declined by 0.7 million barrels last week yet were well above the upper limit of the average range.  Refinery capacity utilization averaged 92.7 percent over the four weeks ended August 26th compared to 92.9 percent for the four weeks ended August 19th.   The Treasury is set to make announcements concerning next week's auctions of 30-year bonds and 3-year and 10-year notes at 9 am ET and 11 am ET, respectively.    The Federal Reserve is due to release its report on outstanding consumer credit for July at 3 pm ET. The consensus estimate calls for outstanding consumer credit to increase by $15.6 billion following a $12.3 billion increase in the previous month.    Stocks in Focus    Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) reported higher profits for its second quarter, although its revenues fell. The company also announced plans to spin off and merge its non-core software operations with Britain's Micro International PLC in an $8.8 billion deal    ABM Industries (ABM) reported better than expected third quarter earnings and its revenues were about in line with estimates. The company's full year guidance was upbeat.    AAR Corp. (AIR) announced preliminary results for its first quarter ahead of a presentation at a conference, forecasting earnings and revenue growth.     Pier 1 Imports (PIR) announced the departure of its CEO Alex Smith based on a mutual agreement with the board. The company also announced preliminary second quarter results, expecting declines in sales and comparable store sales. Pier 1 also forecast a wider than expected adjusted loss.  Supervalue (SVU) lowered its full year adjusted EBITDA outlook, citing soft performance by its retail and save-a-lot segments. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Facebook Stops WhatsApp Data Sharing Across Europe Over EU Criticism Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down JPMorgan Nears Over $250 Mln Settlement Over China Hiring Probe: Reports Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Vonovia Offers 0.496645 Shares/conwert Shr Or Alternative Cash Of EUR 16.16/shr United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet AT&T Stream Saver To Limit Video Quality To 480p Genentech: Actemra Meets Endpoints In Phase III GiACTA Study Digi Rejects $13.82/shr Proposal From Belden - Quick Facts Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products Kidde Recalls 3.6 Mln Combination Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Beaufort News September 8, 2016 8:57 AM ‘Dude, what’s your beef?’: Taco Bell talk sizzles i By Stephen Fastenau sfastenau@beaufortgazette.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Plans for a Lady’s Island Taco Bell require too much dirt and could compound traffic problems along Sea Island Parkway, a Beaufort design panel and members of the public said Thursday. Taco Bell wants to move forward with plans to build a new restaurant on Lady’s Island at 226 Sea Island Parkway. The fast-food chain would be built across Sea Island Parkway from a new Walmart shopping center currently under construction. Plans for the building were tabled by the city of Beaufort’s design review panel over the concerns about traffic and the amount of dirt needed to raise the site to satisfy flood requirements. Architect Jane Frederick, a design board member, read a section from Beaufort’s Civic Master Plan about the need to protect natural resources. “I think if we start off with 7 feet of fill, we’re not adhering to that principle,” she said. The Taco Bell, at the intersection of Lost Island Road and Sea Island Parkway, would be 2,500 square feet with a drive through. The building would be on an L-shaped lot at Sea Island Parkway and Lost Island Road and similar in design to a new Taco Bell on Robert Smalls Parkway. Beaufort annexed and zoned the property earlier this year to make way for Taco Bell, raising concerns from nearby residents about traffic in the area. The city recently began a traffic study on the road from Richard V. Woods Memorial Bridge past where the new Walmart will go up. That study is ongoing, with traffic counts being collected, Beaufort planning director Libby Anderson said. A public meeting about the traffic study is tentatively scheduled for Sept. 29 at Lady’s Island Elementary School, she said. Taco Bell will have to conduct its own traffic analysis of the site. The traffic issue sparked a tense exchange between nearby resident John Holden and project consultant David Karlyk, with Carolina Engineering. Holden detailed concerns with how cars would enter and leave the site and how delivery trucks might block traffic on Lost Island Road. Karlyk told him necessary measures would be identified and addressed by the required traffic study. “Are you blowing smoke?” Holden asked, standing in front of a projector screen of the plans. “Dude, what’s your beef?” Karlyk responded. After the plans were tabled, Karlyk pointed out that the developers had provided what was required for initial approval and that traffic and stormwater plans weren’t needed until later. “It’s tabled,” Frederick said. Site of the planned Lady’s Island Taco Bell  Stephen Fastenau: 843-706-8182, @IPBG_Stephen Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Beaufort News Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:40 When do fire investigations warrant calling in ATF and SLED? Pause 1:08 Beaufort's Sea Eagle Market opens at new location — with restaurant 1:06 What are some obvious signs of arson? 1:17 Fire at Beaufort County Black Chamber accidental, Fire Chief says 1:02 How to shuck an oyster 0:53 How to clean shrimp with Sea Eagle Market's Craig Reaves 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 1:12 Investigators pore over the scene of the fire at the black chamber of commerce 0:42 Pamela Cohen on Hurricane Matthew 0:44 Bulldozers push sand to protect ocean front homes Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 hours ago New $100K, 'germ-zapping' robot at Beaufort Memorial Hospital 1:00 7 hours ago New $100K, 'germ-zapping' robot at Beaufort Memorial Hospital 1:08 15 hours ago Beaufort's Sea Eagle Market opens at new location — with restaurant 1:40 17 hours ago When do fire investigations warrant calling in ATF and SLED? View more video Looking for this? Live traffic cameras Latest BCDC arrests New! Property transfers HS football scores Restaurant inspections NEW! Puzzles & Games Local/state salaries HHI's best 18 golf holes 2016 election news BCSD bus routes SPORTS: Tap an icon, or here for more scores: High school | College | NFL PGA | LPGA | Web.com | European | Champions Click/tap here for print-style late scores Looking for box scores and other late results in print format? We've got you covered if you're looking for box scores and other late sports results that missed the printed newspaper because of early deadlines. One option is to click the icons above for sports scores and stats from our partners at Stats.com. If you prefer traditional print agate, our Sports Extra pages, formatted like traditional printed sports results, are for you. To find the Sports Extra: Open either The Island Packet or The Beaufort Gazette e-Edition (free to print and digital subscribers) and look for the Sports Extra icon () in the top menu. If you're using an iPhone or other smartphone, or an iPad in portrait view, you'll find the Sports Extra pages in the menu at the upper right (look for the symbol). Close Beaufort News Ready for a new lunch spot? Sea Eagle Market has moved Daufuskie Island loses a strong spirit Substitute teachers and capital projects on the table at school board work session Recent Beaufort Police Department crime reports (through Nov. 14) Break out the sweaters - chilly temps expected this weekend Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Opinion: The one-percenters are now destroying dollar stores MarketWatch 9/8/2016 Michael Brush Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Dollar store blues CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily represent the views of MSN or Microsoft. Quotes in the article Dollar General Corp DG ▲ 76.97 +0.06 +0.08% Dollar Tree Inc DLTR ▲ 81.76 +0.11 +0.13% WebMD Health Corp WBMD ▼ 53.90 -0.01 -0.02% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.77 -0.43 -0.61% Occupy Wall Street may be long gone. But the ever-growing wealth gap remains a nagging challenge for the U.S. economy.  For a fresh reminder, just look at how a rolling “one-percenter” money grab is taking a toll on dollar stores. Those are the chains that bargain hard with suppliers and trim portion sizes so they can offer a lot of items for $1. That model has worked well for years, as many shoppers with limited budgets rely on the stores for low-priced basic supplies. But recently the magic has faded. And one-percenters are partly to blame. The reason: They’ve been commandeering so much cash from the 99% crowd that they’ve helped topple this part of retail. Shares of Dollar Tree (DLTR) and Dollar General (DG) the two biggest players in the dollar-store space, swooned 15%-22% in August-September. Surprisingly bad sales growth was to blame. There’s no question that a big part of the problem was an ongoing wealth grab by the one-percenters from the less fortunate among the 99%-ers. Just listen to the CEOs of those companies explain what happened. Rising rents and medical costs Dollar General CEO Todd Vasos spends a lot of time in stores, and he looks at research to understand his customers. His conclusion: Their earnings are holding up OK, but their expenses keep going up a lot. And this is hurting his business. The chief culprits? Health-care costs and rent that are rising at a “very rapid” clip, he told investors in the company’s most recent conference call. “Our core consumer continues to be under a lot of pressure,” he said. Bob Sasser, the CEO of Dollar Tree, tells the same story. Consumers, he says, are hurting, and like Vasos, he blames rent and health care. Rising costs in both areas are “the No. 1 issue that we see out there,” he says. Now, the median income of the people being squeezed — the “average Joe” — was a mere $28,757 in 2014, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. And it hasn’t gone up much since. In contrast, the health-care execs, landlords and doctors behind the price increases killing the budgets of the less well-off are quintessential one-percenters. Just consider the following. * The median pay of CEOs at S&P 500 health insurers, hospital and pharma companies was $14.5 million last year, according to Equilar, a research firm that offers boardroom intelligence to clients. * The incomes of landlords are no doubt all over the map. But the CEOs at four of the big publicly traded residential real estate companies made about $8.13 million on average in 2015, according to Equilar. * Doctors earn anywhere from $204,000 to $443,000 a year depending on their specialty, according to Medscape, a division of WebMD (WBMD) With earnings like that, do these one-percenters really need to keep squeezing the budgets of average shoppers so much that they have to cut back on basics like shampoo and toothpaste at $1 a pop? You decide. Low-end price wars Indeed, one-percenters are wringing so much more cash out of the budgets of lower-income workers, it’s sparked a turf war among retailers who serve them. It’s a raging battle for what little these shoppers have left to spend. This price war has retailers like Walmart (WMT) and Target (TGT) slashing prices. Dollar General is now doing the same to keep customers coming in the door. New Apple iPhone arrives amid sales slowdown Dollar General recently cut prices by an average of 10% on 450 best-selling items, in 17% of its stores. It’s also offering $1 prices on more national brands. And it’s rolling out more private-label brands, which tend to be more affordable. Those include a brand with a healthier image called Heartland Harvest, to appeal to millennials. Are dollar stores history? A big problem for investors is that cutting prices isn’t necessarily a good way to boost earnings. Investors normally prefer pricing power. Plus, the ongoing squeeze on the budgets of lower-income people doesn’t really paint a favorable outlook for the dollar stores. So, is it game over for these companies? Maybe not. Executives at Dollar General and Dollar Tree recently bought significant amounts of their own company stock in the current selloff. What do they see that’s bullish in this picture? The following four factors, which suggest it makes sense for long-term investors to buy these names. 1. Room to cut costs Dollar Tree bought Family Dollar in July 2015, doubling its store base overnight. But there’s more to the story. Dollar Tree has much better profit margins, leaving plenty of room to boost margins at Family Dollar, points out Steve Goddard, a money manager at Richmond, Va.-based The London Co. who manages the Touchstone Mid-Cap Fund (TMAPX) He’s worth listening to because his fund significantly beat competitors over the past five years, and he has a big position in Dollar Tree. It’s his No. 1 holding. If Dollar Tree can boost Family Dollar profit margins closer to its own, the company overall could see a 50%-100% increase in earnings over the next three years, maintains Goddard. That’s huge. Dollar Tree hopes to do this, in part, by improving procurement at Family Dollar, and sharing supply-chain and logistical services. J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM) analyst Matthew Boss, who has an “overweight” rating on Dollar Tree stock, thinks these kinds of changes could help boost Dollar Tree shares to $107 by the end of 2017. Dollar General has cost-cutting opportunities as well, which could help boost its stock to $97 in a year, according to Morgan Stanley (MS) analyst Vincent Sinisi, who has an “overweight” rating on the name. 2. Room to grow Analysts and top execs at dollar stores still think there’s potential for thousands more of these stores in the U.S. OK, that sort of tells us what they think about the prospects for narrowing the wealth gap. But it also helps explain the recent insider buying in dollar-store names. Dollar General management, for example, believes the U.S. market can support at least 13,000 new stores, on top of a current base of more than 12,400, notes Morningstar (MORN) analyst Erin Lash. “Dollar General is one of the rare firms in defensive retail with substantial new-store growth potential,” she says. It plans to add 900 stores this year, and 1,000 next year. 3. Food-price deflation may be over The dollar stores cited steep declines in the prices of basics like milk, eggs, sugar, cereal and coffee as one reason for the slowdown in sales last quarter. But commodity prices are volatile. If the downward move is over, or they start heading back up, this will help with sales results. 4. A “food stamps” problem will fade While one-percenters are grabbing more wealth from lower-wage earners in the form of huge price hikes for rent and health care, there’s a two-way street here. The wealthy pay the lion’s share of taxes. And a lot of that money flows to the less well-off, in the form of benefits. One of the big programs here is food stamps, or the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). Recent changes in SNAP hurt the dollar stores. But the worst may be over, and investors selling now may not fully understand this. Here’s what’s going on. The economy has done so well that by the start of this year, 22 states brought back a traditional three-month time limit on food stamps for anyone who is not disabled, raising children or working at least 20 hours a week. That was a big change. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a non-partisan think tank, says this means 500,000 to 1 million people would lose food stamps. The change began at the start of the year. So it effectively took its toll three months later, on April 1. That was right at the start of the second quarter, the dismal one that just sank the shares of dollar stores. Both companies cited this as a factor in weak sales. Food stamps are used in about 5%, or less, of their sales. But the worst may be over, since the maximum three-month time limit kicked in Jan. 1. Now there’s an improving chance that people who lost food stamps might find jobs. After all, unemployment is down to 4.9%. The share of small businesses (who do most of the hiring in the U.S.) with one or more job openings is at the highest level since 2001. It’s at 28%. All of this suggests people who got moved off food stamps might find it easier to find at least part-time jobs. Sure, they are some of the hardest people to employ because of low skills, says the Government Accounting Office. But if it plays out this way, at least to some degree, it will help the dollar stores. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Marketwatch Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline MarketWatch Salesforce CEO thanks Kanye for a great quarter MarketWatch Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles over fuel leak MarketWatch Stock market flat as dollar continues rise; Nasdaq hits intraday record MarketWatch MarketWatch View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Science First Look US companies pledged to fight climate change, but will they really? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Malaysia braces for pro-democracy protests amid crackdown on dissent Will Donald Trump require Muslims to register? Did the asteroid that did in the dinos churn up a temporary Mt. Everest? Scientists turn CO2 into rock – again Some of the largest US companies, including Verizon and Google, pledged their support for President Obama's climate policies. A recent study, however, reveals that what those companies do with their political money sends the opposite message.  By Christina Beck, Staff September 7, 2016 Save for later Saved A Pepsi truck delivers products to vendors at the Illinois State Fair Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016, in Springfield, Ill. A Reuters study this week on companies including PepsiCo, Dupont, and Google finds a disconnect between public statements on the environment and their political contributions that favor business friendly policies over environmental ones. Seth Perlman/AP View Caption About video ads View Caption of What your favorite environmentally friendly company says about its green policies and what it does may be two different things, according to a Reuters' review of public records. Several of the United States' most reportedly environmentally conscious companies are not as green as they claim, with such companies as PepsiCo and Google publicly offering their support for President Obama's environmental policies by signing Mr. Obama's American Business Act on Climate Change Pledge, while donating to political action committees (PACs) that are the most ardent opponents of those policies. The Reuters study involved the political contributions made during the 2016 election cycle by 30 companies that signed Obama's climate pledge. As part of their decision to sign the pledge, those companies committed to setting targets to reduce their environmental impact, as The Christian Science Monitor reported last year:  Recommended: Climate change: Is your opinion informed by science? Take our quiz! The companies participating in American Business Act on Climate Pledge set their own goals personalized to their specific industries. Apple, for example, pledged to generate an estimated 280 megawatts of clean power online by the end of 2016. Bank of America says it will increase its current environmental business initiative from $50 billion to $125 billion by 2025 through investing and other services. Wal-Mart aims to increase the production of renewable energy by 600 percent and double the number of on-site solar energy projects at their US stores, Sam’s Clubs, and distribution centers by 2020. These companies may be fulfilling their pledges for specific action. But the companies that signed that pledge are also expected to support stricter environmental oversight, as established by the Paris Agreement on climate change. Test your knowledge Climate change: Is your opinion informed by science? Take our quiz! Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/18 Yet, despite their pledges, 25 of the 30 companies Reuters studied were found to fund politicians that appear on a "climate deniers" list generated by Organizing for Action, a nonprofit that advocates for the Obama administration's agenda. The list of candidates that these environmentally friendly companies support includes 130 members of Congress, a list that Reuters calls the "who's who" of Obama's environmental opponents. Many are self-described climate change "skeptics" who understand the gray areas that companies must navigate when considering supporting members of Congress who favor business-friendly policies. Sen. Jim Inhofe (R) of Oklahoma, one of those skeptics famous for holding up a snowball on the Senate floor as evidence that climate change is not occurring, said in response to the Reuters study that it simply makes business sense for large publicly traded companies to sign the American Business Act on Climate Change, even if the companies are not fully behind the pledge ideologically. "These are competitive companies, and the board might have said 'Look, right now it might be a popular thing to join this, and there's no downside since we’re not really committing to anything.' That absolutely goes on," said Senator Inhofe to Reuters. PepsiCo, for example, gave 56,500 to PACs that supported individuals on the list. Other companies that spent a third or more of their donation money on individuals on Organizing for Action’s list include Google, AT&T, Verizon, and GE, according to Reuters. For their part, climate skeptics say that the climate change debate is not as clear-cut as Obama presents it as being. "It is not a black and white issue, like if you agree with Obama you're enlightened, and if you don't you're in the dark," said one such skeptic, Congressman Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, who once argued that the Earth was cooling instead of warming: "It is more of a spectrum." Yet while several of the climate deniers (or skeptics) who feature on the "climate deniers" list say that companies should not be judged harshly for their views on climate change, some say that increasingly, environmentally conscious investors care about companies putting their money where their mouth is on climate change. "No company should want to be perceived as espousing progressive climate policies on the one hand, while funding climate deniers on the other," said Lauren Compere, managing director at sustainable investment manager Boston Common Asset Management. Material from Reuters was used in this report. Next up Test your knowledge Climate change: Is your opinion informed by science? Take our quiz! Money talking loudly: A guide to the super PACs (+video) First Look China-US agree to ratify climate change pact: Why that's a big deal Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The Trump voters you don't know An end to Trump’s politics of anger? Passcode Worried about surveillance under Trump? Here's what to do In wake of Trump win, European women ask: 'OK, what are we going to do?' (+video) The new face of the sanctuary movement: college campuses (+video) Popular Now First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress First Look Stephen Hawking says we have have 1,000 years to find a new home (+video) Iowa bill named 'Suck it up, Buttercup' seeks to stop student coddling The Trump voters you don't know Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules?   take the quiz Test your scientific literacy!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/18 Latest News First Look Malaysia braces for pro-democracy protests amid crackdown on dissent Doing Good Difference Maker This man will serve 2,000 free meals for Thanksgiving Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
null
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 36° Share Foreign fishermen confined to boats catch Hawaiian seafood By Martha Mendoza and Margie Mason / Associated Press Published: Thursday, September 8th, 2016 at 6:17am Updated: Thursday, September 8th, 2016 at 6:17am In this March 23, 2016 photo, foreign fishermen aboard an American fishing boat unload a moonfish at Pier 38 in Honolulu. Around 700 foreign men work in a unique Hawaii fishing fleet without visas, thanks to a federal loophole written specifically for their ship owners. With no legal standing on U.S. soil, the men are at the mercy of their American captains on American-flagged, American-owned vessels. (AP Photo/Caleb Jones) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........HONOLULU — Hawaii’s high-quality seafood is sold with the promise that it’s caught by local, hard-working fishermen. But the people who haul in the prized catch are almost all undocumented foreign workers, confined to American boats for years at a time without basic rights or protections. About 700 men from impoverished Southeast Asian and Pacific Island nations make up the bulk of the workforce in this unique U.S. fishing fleet. A federal loophole allows them to take the dangerous jobs without proper work permits, just as long as they don’t set foot on shore. Americans buying Hawaiian seafood are almost certainly eating fish caught by one of these workers. A six-month Associated Press investigation found fishing crews living in squalor on some boats, forced to use buckets instead of toilets and suffering running sores from bed bugs. There have been instances of human trafficking, active tuberculosis and low food supplies. Advertisement Continue reading “We want the same standards as the other workers in America, but we are just small people working there,” said fisherman Syamsul Maarif, who didn’t get paid for four months. He was sent back to his Indonesian village after nearly dying at sea when his Hawaiian boat sank earlier this year. Because they have no visas, the men can’t fly into Hawaii, so they’re brought by boat. And since they’re not technically in the country, they’re at the mercy of their American captains on American-flagged, American-owned vessels, catching choice swordfish and ahi tuna that can fetch more than $1,000 apiece. The entire system contradicts other state and federal laws, yet operates with the blessing of U.S. officials and law enforcement. “People say these fishermen can’t leave their boats, they’re like captives,” said U.S. Attorney Florence Nakakuni in Hawaii. “But they don’t have visas, so they can’t leave their boat, really.” Each of the roughly 140 boats in the fleet docks about once every three weeks, occasionally at ports along the West Coast, including Fisherman’s Wharf in San Francisco, but mainly at Piers 17 and 38 in Honolulu. Their catch ends up at fancy restaurants and in supermarkets’ premium fish counters across the country, including Whole Foods, Costco and Sam’s Club. All companies that responded condemned the mistreatment of workers. Costco said it was investigating. Wal-Mart, which owns Sam’s Club, declined to comment. Charlie Nagle, whose family has been in the seafood industry for 130 years, said his buyers “do not and will never knowingly source from vessels that mistreat their crew.” Richard Stavis of Stavis Seafood said Thursday that his company is not currently selling fish from Hawaii. Whole Foods spokeswoman McKinzey Crossland said only 1 percent of the chain store’s seafood comes from Hawaii, and she has been assured that boat crews are well paid with bonuses and health insurance. She added that the company is looking into the issue. The AP obtained confidential contracts and interviewed boat owners, brokers and more than 50 fishermen in Hawaii, Indonesia and San Francisco as part of an ongoing global look at labor abuses in the fishing industry. Last year, the AP reported about fishermen locked in a cage and buried under fake names on the remote Indonesian island village of Benjina . Their catch was traced to the United States, leading to more than 2,000 slaves being freed. But thousands more remain trapped worldwide in a murky industry where work takes place far from shore and often without oversight. Advertisement Continue reading In Hawaii, federal contractors paid to monitor catches are troubled by what they’ve seen while living at sea with the men. “It’s like, ‘How is this even legal? How is this possible?'” said Forest O’Neill, who coordinates boat observers in Honolulu. “They are like floating prisons.” Under the law, U.S. citizens must make up 75 percent of the crew on most American commercial fishing boats. But influential lawmakers, including the late Hawaii Sen. Daniel Inouye, pushed for a loophole to support one of the state’s biggest industries. It exempted commercial fishing boat owners from federal rules enforced almost everywhere else. Thus the workers in Hawaii, who catch $110 million worth of seafood annually, are paid as little as 70 cents an hour. They are detained on boats by captains who are required by law to hold their passports. That potentially goes against federal human trafficking laws saying bosses who hold workers’ identification documents can face up to five years in prison. U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Coast Guard routinely inspect the Hawaiian boats. At times, fishermen complain they’re not getting paid and officers say they tell owners to honor the contracts. But neither agency has any authority over actual wages. “This is a unique situation,” said Coast Guard vessel examiner Charles Medlicott. “But it is legal.” On some boats the fishermen are paid as little as $350 a month, but many make $500 to $600. A lucky few get a percentage of the catch, making it possible to triple their wages. The men are willing to give up their freedom to take these jobs because the pay is better than they can make back home in developing countries where many people live on less than $1 a day. Boat owners pay brokers to bring the men from overseas — mostly from Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam and the tiny Pacific island nation of Kiribati. It costs about $10,000 to get each fisherman to Hawaii. In the long run, foreign crews end up being cheaper than bait and ice. Advertisement Continue reading Workers typically sign two- or three-year renewable contracts, and some extend repeatedly, staying up to a decade on boats with five to six crew. In rare cases, boat owners can request passes from federal authorities to take workers ashore for things such as medical care. The men also come on land when their contracts are up and it’s time to go home. Even though they never legally enter the United States, the government provides a transit visa that lets them exit through Honolulu’s airport. It’s a system that leaves the foreign fishermen potentially vulnerable. “Most of the fish caught and sold in Hawaii is done by the use of exploiting migrant workers in what looks to be a human trafficking scheme legitimized by our own laws,” said Kathryn Xian, who runs the nonprofit Pacific Alliance to Stop Slavery. Signs posted at Pier 17 in six languages offer a hotline to help fishermen who have been trafficked. That’s what happened to Abdul Fatah and Sorihin, who uses one name. The Indonesians ran away from their boat six years ago when it docked in San Francisco and were eventually granted visas after being designated as victims of trafficking. Sorihin has some advice for American seafood lovers: “Ask, where did this fish come from? Is it the kind of fish that you got from someone in slavery?” ____ Follow Martha Mendoza and Margie Mason on Twitter at: @mendozamartha and @MargieMasonAP ____ Read the entire Seafood From Slaves series: http://www.ap.org/explore/seafood-from-slaves/ Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: China's sudden arrival disrupting islanders' placid living – Jul 26, 2015 Fading fishermen: A historic industry faces a warming world – Jun 27, 2016 Fishermen upset over creation of Atlantic's first monument – Sep 15, 2016 Fishermen who fled slavery in San Francisco sue boat owner – Sep 22, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Calvert County Crime Report 9/8/2016 September 8, 2016 During the week of August 29 through September 5 deputies of the Calvert County Sheriff’s Office responded to 1,795 calls for service throughout the community. Burglary : On September 1, 2016, Deputy A. Locke was called to Lake Shore Drive, in Owings, for a report of a burglary. The victim stated their home, which is under construction, was broken into sometime between 4:30pm on August 31 and 7:00am on September 1st. Multiple items were stolen, with no signs of a forced entry. Burglary: On August 30, 2016, Deputy J. Denton was dispatched to Dogwood Court, in Port Republic, for the report of a burglary. Sometime between 5:30am on August 29 and 5:30am on August 30, someone entered an unlocked shed and stole a Sentry safe, containing several items. Damaged Property: On September 1, 2016, Deputy A. Woodford responded to a call for a destruction of property complaint. The victim reported that sometime between 11:30am and 12:45pm, someone scratched the hood of their vehicle while it was parked on West Ward Road, in Dunkirk. There are no suspects at this time. Theft: On September 1, 2016, Deputy G. Gott responded to the Sheriff’s Office to speak with a victim who wanted to report a theft. The victim stated that sometime between August 1st – September 1st, 2016, someone stole a validation tab off of their vehicle. The victim stated although it was difficult to know when it took place, it most likely happened while it was parked on Williams Wharf Road, in St. Leonard. Theft: On September 1, 2016, at approximately 1:00pm, Deputy N. Buckler was dispatched to the Prince Frederick Walmart for a shoplifting complaint. A white female with blonde hair was seen placing clothing items in a Walmart bag and attempted to leave the store. A store employee was able to retrieve the bag of stolen merchandise from the suspect, who fled on foot. Theft: On August 29, 2016, at approximately 5:40pm, Deputy J. Livingston was dispatched to the Chipotle Restaurant, on Dares Beach Road, in Prince Frederick, for the report of a theft. An employee stated they had inadvertently left their wallet in the restroom and upon returning to retrieve it, discovered it missing. Theft: On August 29, 2016, Deputy B. Pounsberry responded to Rector Lookout, in Chesapeake Beach, for the report of a stolen firearm. The complainant reported a brown 22 cal. Ruger, Bolt Action gun had been stolen while a moving company transported their property during a move from another State to Calvert County. __________________________ If you know who committed these crimes or any other criminal activity in Calvert County, you can report it anonymously online by clicking the Crime Solvers link at www.CalvertCountySheriff.us or by calling 410-535-2800. Crime Solvers offers rewards of up to $1,000 for information that leads to the arrest or indictment of a person involved in criminal activity.   This entry was posted on September 8, 2016 at 8:11 am and is filed under All News, Calvert County Crime Solvers, Calvert News, Community, County, Crime Solvers, Law Enforcement, Top News, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Southern Maryland Weather 53° clear sky humidity: 58% wind: 5mph NW H 77 • L 44 61° Sat 44° Sun 47° Mon 48° Tue 60° Wed extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives November 2016 (144) October 2016 (320) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (276) July 2016 (241) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (373) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (297) December 2015 (300) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (265) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (595) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 9 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 10 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? Is Target The Next Digital Media Giant? By Adrianne Pasquarelli. Published on September 08, 2016. Reprints Reprints Target is taking its marketing talents mainstream. After quietly creating its own "guest access" platform, which offers targeted marketing opportunities for Target vendors last year, the retailer is now opening the product up to all national advertisers. The Minneapolis-based company will host a launch party Thursday afternoon in Manhattan to announce the program's expansion to advertisers beyond those found on Target shelves, including automotive brands, financial firms and travel companies. "What we have packaged is access to our guests," said Kristi Argyilan, who joined Target two years ago as senior VP-media and guest engagement. "We use first-party data for a very active shopper who has a ring of influence that is important—there are a lot of marketers that would love the opportunity to be able to place ads in front of those consumers," she said. Competitors like Amazon and Walmart also operate similar offerings for advertisers. An ad for Flonase Credit: Target The 1,795-unit Target has about 80 employees devoted to the platform and also works with a few external tech partners. Thus far, the chain has collaborated with eight "alpha" vendor partners, including pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline, and a host of other brands on different levels, Ms. Argyilan said. In one recent spring campaign for GSK's Flonase allergy product, Target was able to isolate likely purchasers based on last year's shopping data. It the marketed to them with targeted messaging via digital channels like banner ads and its Cartwheel loyalty app, as well as media sources from Target's own Bullseye media marketplace. The two-month-long campaign resulted in a 40% sales lift for those shoppers exposed to the campaign compared with a control group who did not receive any ads. Among allergy product purchasers with kids at home, the campaign had a 50% sales lift, Ms. Argyilan noted. Related Stories Jeff Jones Leaves Target for Uber Target's Kristi Argyilan on What 'In-House Programmatic' Really Means Target Poaches IPG Mediabrands Exec Kristi Argyilan "We built this in house for us and have been rolling it out to more and more partners over time," said Ms. Argyilan. "It's been vetted for a while so our ability to execute on it is super high and super strong." In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Retail Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Connect on Linked in Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close Home Nouriel Roubini News Topics U.S. Emerging Markets Europe Asia Latin America Global Macro Finance & Markets Geostrategy RGE staff Contributors About Privacy Policy & TOC The Home Page The Channels Asia Channel Emerging Market Channel Europe Channel Finance & Markets Channel Geostrategy Channel Global Macro Channel Latin America Channel United States Channel The Blogigator The Tweetigator Contact Us All Contributors Media Page Latest Posts Archives Homepage Blog Event Registration Thank You Registration Cancelled Transactions Page Templates Shortcodes Left Sidebar No Sidebar Theme Icons Widgetized Shop Shopping Cart Checkout My Account Homepage Classic HTML5 Video rge-staff contributors About Crash Course Part 1: The Problems of Overvalued Assets & High Debt By Satyajit Das on September 8, 2016   Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post photo: pixabay In economics and finance, over-valued assets and excessive debt levels generally do not lead to happy endings Nutty Shares… Over the last 5 to 6 years, mispricing of assets has reached epidemic proportions. Global equities prices have increased strongly. Sell side analysts anticipate further gains, arguing that the falls of August 2015 and early 2016 represent a healthy correction. Since 2009, the US equity market has risen strongly with the main market indices having tripled over the period and are now at or near record levels. Euro-zone stocks have reached their highest level in 15 years. Equity market volatility is also low. The rise is underpinned primarily by financial engineering and liquidity. US stock buybacks have reached 2007 levels and are running at around US$500 billion annually. When dividends are included, companies are returning around US$1 trillion per annum to shareholders, close to 90 percent of earnings. Additional factors affecting share prices are mergers and acquisitions activity and also activist hedge funds, which have forced returns of capital or corporate restructures. The major driver is liquidity, in the form of zero interest rates and quantitative easing (“QE”). According to one estimate, over 80 percent of equity prices are supported in some way by QE. Stock prices have risen as the rate at which future earnings and dividends are discounted back to the present has fallen dramatically. The equity risk premium has increased as result of lower interest rates. Citibank analysts argue that the equity risk premium is now over 5 percent, well above the historical average of 3 percent. As equity becomes more expensive relative to debt, companies ‘de-equitise’, substituting debt for equity, reducing the quantum of available shares boosting prices. Recent rises in equity markets have been helped by the fact that globally central bank purchases of government bonds is above new issuance. This implies further falls in term rates and increases the equity risk premium, which will boost share prices. Over time, if the equity risk premium reverts to its long term average, then share prices may move higher with each 0.50 percent equating to a rise of 20-30 percent. Higher stock prices are supported by improved earnings. But on average 70-80 percent of the improvement has come from cost cutting rather than revenue growth. Since mid-2014, profit margins have stagnated and may be falling. A key factor is currency volatility. The higher US dollar is pressuring American corporate earnings. A 10 percent rise in the value of the dollar equates to a 4-5 percent decline in earnings. But a slowdown in the rise of the US dollar which alleviates pressure on American industry will affect other markets adversely. Rallies in European and Japanese stocks have been driven, in part, by the fall in the value of the Euro and Yen respectively. Lower commodity, especially energy prices, will affect resource firm earnings. In the US, wage rises, such as the symbolic Walmart pay increase and higher minimum wages in some states, as well as some shortages in skilled labour may also erode profit margins. The major concern is weak global demand with lack-lustre growth in Europe and Japan and deterioration in emerging markets. The lack of revenue improvements and deceleration in earnings growth mean that recent price increases reflect multiple expansion; that is high price/earnings and price/ book ratios. The S&P500 now trades at around 17-18 times forward earning, a level which is historically expensive and only exceeded during the 1999-2000 tech bubble. Overvaluation is also evident on other measures such as the ratio of market capitalization/nominal GDP and the S&P 500 price/revenue ratio. Market cap/GDP ratio is currently about 1.29. This compares to a pre-bubble norm of just 0.55. It is also well above secular lows such as 1982 of about 0.33. The S&P 500 price/revenue ratio is currently about 1.80. This compares to a pre-bubble norm of 0.8. It is also well above secular lows taking the ratio to about 0.45. As analyst John Hussman has pointed out these statistics assume nominal GDP and corporate revenues will grow at an unlikely 6% nominal rate perpetually. Other markets are also priced above historical levels. The frothy environment is also evident in other behaviours. Investors chasing revenue and earnings growth have pushed up sectors such as technology and bio-technology, which has been the best performing sector for a number of years. Over 80 percent of new initial public offerings were for companies with no earnings. A significant component of activity has been private equity investors taking advantage of high valuations to sell holdings. Given the size of the US market and the tendency for investors to use cross market value benchmarks, a correction of overvalued American stocks is likely to have significant implications for equity market globally. Nuts Everywhere… Other asset classes show similar stresses. Government bonds globally, unless distressed like Greece, Ukraine or Venezuela, trade at artificially low rates. Over US$7 trillion of sovereign debt globally now trades at negative yields. Economies representing around one quarter of global economic activity now have some degree of negative interest rates. The overvaluation is driven by central banks. US Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer observed that staff calculations indicated that current programs had reduced 10 year Treasury yields by about 1.10 percent. But with central banks globally likely to continue or even expand liquidity support programs, it is possible that rates may stay low for an extended period or even fall further. The perverse environment caused David Rosenberg, chief economist and market strategist at Gluskin Sheff, to muse about the strange phenomenon of investors buying low or zero yielding bonds for capital gains and purchasing shares for income. With risk on government bonds increasing, equity analysts argued that investment in shares was preferable to bonds as they offered better protection from a rise in risk free rates. The lack of returns in government bonds has driven overvaluation in credit markets. Investors have taken on additional risk, moving into corporate bonds. In the US alone, the estimated net inflow into bond funds has been US$1.2 trillion. The investment-grade corporate bond market, as measured by a Bank of America Merrill Lynch index, has increased to US$4.8 trillion. The increased investment has driven rates ever lower, with the average falling under 2.9 percent in early 2015. With rates on investment grade corporate debt declining, investors have invested increasingly in higher yielding non-investment grade and emerging market debt, including by ever more exotic issuers for Africa or Asia. Mispricing is common with below 4 percent coupons on single-B-rated (i.e. highly speculative) bonds. In 2015, as a result of the ECB’s QE program, the yield on around 50 percent of BB rated bonds (i.e. not investment quality and speculative) fell below 2 percent. Even structured credit has regained popularity as desperate investors chase returns. The risk return relationship has deteriorated with investors no longer being compensated for the true default risk. Given the very low absolute rates, investors are also increasingly exposed to higher interest-rates. A 1 percent rate rise will result in around 7 percent loss in the value of US corporate bonds, an increase of around 40 percent from the 5 percent loss 5 years ago. Since late 2015, credit spreads have begun to rise. For riskier non-investment grade, high yield bonds and borrowers in the energy sector, the levels on average are approaching those of 2006/ 2007. Real estate prices have risen globally with investors purchasing rental income streams to diversify away from low income financial assets. Markets as disparate as the USA, Canada, UK, Germany, France, Scandinavia, Australia, New Zealand, China, India and many other emerging countries have become overheated. Collectibles such as art, vintage cars, wine etc. also exhibit the effects of over enthusiasm. Prices reflect the scarcity of availability and the desire by smart money to escape the perceived manipulation of financial markets. One asset class, commodities, has corrected. The combination of increased supply, slowing demand especially from China, a stronger US dollar and geo-political factors has seen most commodity prices fall. The most significant declines have been in energy and iron ore prices. De- or Re-leverage… Asset valuations are now intrinsically linked to debt. Since 2007, global debt has grown by US$57 trillion, or 17 percent of GDP. As at mid-2014, global debt was US$199 trillion, or 286 percent of the world’s GDP. In comparison, global debt was US$142 trillion (269 percent of GDP) in 2007 and US$87 trillion (246 percent of GDP) in 2000. Since 2007, no major economies and only five developing economies have reduced the ratio of debt to GDP in the real economy (households, corporations and governments). In contrast, fourteen countries have increased their total debt-to-GDP ratios by more than 50 percentage points. Over twenty countries now have debt-to-GDP ratios above 200 percent, led by Japan (400 percent). The US, Canada, UK, Germany, France, Italy and Australia have debt-to-GDP ratios of 233, 221, 252, 188, 280, 259 and 213 percent respectively. China, India, Brazil, Russia, South Africa and South Korea have debt-to-GDP ratios of 217, 120, 128, 65, 133 and 231 percent respectively. Since 2007, developing economies have accounted for roughly half of the increase in debt. China’s debt levels have increased rapidly, quadrupling between 2007 and 2014 from US$7 trillion to $28 trillion. Business, household and government debt have all increased. Only the financial sector in developed markets has reduced leverage. Businesses have borrowed not to invest, but to repurchase their own shares or buy other companies. Household borrowing, around 74 percent of which is mortgage debt, has increased in 80 percent of countries. Based on risk measures, such as debt-to-income ratios, debt service ratios, and house price changes, households in Canada, the Netherlands, Sweden, Australia, Malaysia and Thailand are potentially vulnerable. Since 2007, government debt has grown by US$25 trillion, to US$58 trillion. It exceeds 100 percent of GDP in ten countries, including Japan and a number of European nations. Japanese government debt is over 240 percent of GDP. Given slow growth, low inflation rates, and the imbalance between tax revenues and expenditure, government debt-to-GDP ratios are forecast to rise for the foreseeable future in the US, Japan and many European countries. In a lot of these countries, government debt has reached unsustainable levels, and it is unclear how or when it will be reduced. Despite definitional disagreements, the shadow banking system -a complex network of special purpose vehicles, securitisation structures and investment funds involved in providing finance- remains large, equivalent to a quarter of the world’s total financial system. The Financial Stability Board estimates that the sector grew from assets of US$26.1 trillion in 2002 to US$71.2 trillion a decade later. Even after excluding spurious non-banking activities, the sector is estimated to be around US$35 trillion in size. It is especially large in the US, UK and China. Despite some retrenchment after 2008, shadow banks have continued to grow, ironically encouraged by tighter banking regulation and ample liquidity. Investors may continue to enjoy the fruits of debt driven high asset valuations for a while longer. But financial gravity will reassert itself eventually. Satyajit Das is a former banker. His latest book is The Age of Stagnation (published internationally as ‘A Banquet of Consequences’ ). He is also the author of Extreme Money and Traders, Guns & Money. Crash Course Part 1: The Problems of Overvalued Assets & High Debt added by Satyajit Das on September 8, 2016 View all posts by Satyajit Das → Posts Latest Popular Mr. Trump: Can You Deliver it? by Otaviano Canuto Modigliani and Miller at the IMF by Andris Strazds Trump Is President: What Is Next? by Alessandro Magnoli Bocchi After The Trump Triumph by Dan Steinbock US 2016: Fight for Leadership Begins After the Election by Dan Steinbock Noise & Signal in the Retail Sales Number by Dan Ward Formula For Fiscal Fitness by David Backus Latin America Economic Outlook by Bertrand Delgado ‘Nationalize’ the Banks by Tunku Varadarajan Nationalize the Banks! We’re all Swedes Now by Matthew Richardson Tweets Nouriel Roubini News Topics U.S. Emerging Markets Europe Asia Latin America Global Macro Finance & Markets Geostrategy RGE staff Contributors About Newsletter © 2015, Economonitor LLC Home Contact Us Follow on Twitter Privacy policy,Terms and Conditions Log in
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18890.26 -0.07%   S&P 500 ▲ 2185.15 -0.09%   Nasdaq ▲ 5331.04 -0.05%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 4/32 yield 2.289%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.23 -0.42%   Euro ▲ 1.0596 -0.28%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In VW to Slash Up to 30,000 Jobs in Broad Overhaul Chipotle, William Ackman Near Settlement Over the Board Facebook Fends Off Crises With Confidence Former Executives Accused in Fraud Against Valeant DraftKings, FanDuel Agree to Merge Europe Inc. Is Poised for a Rebound McDonald’s Table Service: Fast Food Redefined Shipping Tycoon Angelicoussis Expects Trump Bump, Not Trade War ADM Chief Andreas Wielded Power in Washington and Abroad Abercrombie Profit Tumbles Amid Rebranding Efforts China Presses U.S. Tech Firms to Police the Internet Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Hunt for Holiday Workers Heats Up, Giving Wages a Boost Retailers, delivery firms and logistics companies plan to step up recruiting, hire earlier By Laura Stevens and Loretta Chao Loretta Chao The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyLoretta Chao @lorettachao lorettachao Google+ Loretta.chao@wsj.com Updated Sept. 8, 2016 7:25 p.m. ET Christmas is still more than three months away, but competition for the workers needed to make online holiday orders arrive on time is already heating up. Retailers such as Amazon.com Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., logistics companies and package-delivery giants like United Parcel Service Inc. and FedEx Corp. are expected to step up recruiting, start hiring earlier than usual and pay more for the extra help they need for the peak... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos A Reporter's View From the Trump Tower Lobby Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Nintendo NES Classic Edition Takes You Back to ’85 China Tightens Regulations on Movie Themes Wilson, Wyo.: The Priciest Town You Never Heard Of Most Popular Articles Theranos Whistleblower Shook the Company—and His Family Opinion: Donald Trump Won Because Hillary Clinton Flopped Trump Children Won’t Have Formal White House Roles Opinion: The Democrats Double Down U.S. Prosecutors Charge Former Valeant, Philidor Executives Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Winter 2015 Education Guide – Fall 2014 Brookhaven Begins About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices Posted by Dyana Bagby on September 6, 2016. UPDATED: Wells Fargo bank robbed in Sandy Springs Sandy Spring police are seeking a suspect who robbed the Wells Fargo on Roswell Road on Sept. 6 and made off with $5,000 in cash. A photo of the Sandy Springs Wells Fargo bank robbery suspect. (Sandy Springs Police) The robbery happen about 11 a.m. at the Wells Fargo bank at 8721 Roswell Road. According to a Sandy Springs police report, a man entered the bank and gave a note to a bank teller demanding $5,000. The teller gave the man the money and he fled the scene and was seen driving away in a black Dodge Charger, heading north on Roswell Road and then east onto Dunwoody Place, according to the report. The suspect was last seen wearing a blue and white striped sweater, blue jeans and a white baseball-style cap. No weapon was displayed during the robbery. Officers were able to track the money using a GPS device planted in the cash to the Walmart in Dunwoody at 4725 Ashford-Dunwoody Road, according to a police report. North Atlanta Metro SWAT and the Brookhaven and Dunwoody police departments also responded to the scene on Ashford-Dunwoody Road. “Officers located a vehicle matching the description of the suspect vehicle at the Walmart located at 4725 Ashford Dunwoody Road. It was determined that it was not the suspect’s vehicle and no arrests were made,” states a Sandy Springs Police press release issued Sept. 7. Anyone with information regarding this case is asked to contact Detective JT Williams at 770-551-6937. Anonymous tips may be submitted to Crime Stoppers at 404-577-TIPS or text tips to “CRIMES” at 274637. About Dyana Bagby Mail | More Posts (687) Facebook Comments: comments Recent Posts Sandy Springs Planning Commission OK’s Comp Plan with public input, moratorium ideas Drought triggers water-use restrictions for DeKalb and Fulton We Love BuHi awarded Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta grant Buckhead police blotter, Oct. 23-29 Brookhaven Police blotter, Oct. 30-Nov. 6 Community Links City of Atlanta City of Brookhaven City of Brookhaven – Calendar of Events City of Dunwoody City of Dunwoody – Calendar of Events City of Sandy Springs City of Sandy Springs – Community Calendar City of Sandy Springs – Public Meeting Calendar CVB of Dunwoody – Things to do in Dunwoody Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism My Tweets Quick Links Channel 46 News Facebook Search Our Archives Twitter Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Winter 2015 Education Guide – Fall 2014 Brookhaven Begins About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices © 2016, ↑ Reporter Newspapers Log in- Posts - Add New - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes Sign up for our NewsMails Enter your email and stay on top of local news!
Latest News Dow 18,890 -14.24 -0.08% Nasdaq 5,331 -2.91 -0.05% S&P 500 2,185 -1.99 -0.09% 10:27 A.M. ET Updated Gold slides toward $1,200, set for second-straight weekly decline 10:23 A.M. ET Salesforce CEO thanks Kanye for a great quarter 10:15 A.M. ET Fiat Chrysler recalls vehicles over fuel leak 10:15 A.M. ET Updated Stock market flat as dollar continues rise; Nasdaq hits intraday record 10:13 A.M. ET Updated U.S. economy steady as she goes, leading indicators show 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Donald Trump taps Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 10:05 A.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 10:01 A.M. ET U.S. leading economic indicators rise 0.1% in October 9:45 A.M. ET Lego Opens Its Biggest Store in the World in London 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock was up 64% prior to volatility trading halt 9:48 A.M. ET DryShips' stock halted for volatility 9:47 A.M. ET A Russell 2000 11-day win streak would be longest since 12-day stretch ending June 5, 2003 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: The one-percenters are now destroying dollar stores By Michael Brush Published: Sept 8, 2016 9:10 a.m. ET Share The wealthy are raising prices on lower-income Americans, which is hurting bargain-basement retail stores Associated Press By MichaelBrush Columnist Occupy Wall Street may be long gone. But the ever-growing wealth gap remains a nagging challenge for the U.S. economy. For a fresh reminder, just look at how a rolling “one-percenter” money grab is taking a toll on dollar stores. Those are the chains that bargain hard with suppliers and trim portion sizes so they can offer a lot of items for $1. That model has worked well for years, as many shoppers with limited budgets rely on the stores for low-priced basic supplies. But recently the magic has faded. And one-percenters are partly to blame. The reason: They’ve been commandeering so much cash from the 99% crowd that they’ve helped topple this part of retail. Shares of Dollar Tree DLTR, -0.09% and Dollar General DG, -0.25% the two biggest players in the dollar-store space, swooned 15%-22% in August-September. Surprisingly bad sales growth was to blame. There’s no question that a big part of the problem was an ongoing wealth grab by the one-percenters from the less fortunate among the 99%-ers. Just listen to the CEOs of those companies explain what happened. Rising rents and medical costs Dollar General CEO Todd Vasos spends a lot of time in stores, and he looks at research to understand his customers. His conclusion: Their earnings are holding up OK, but their expenses keep going up a lot. And this is hurting his business. The chief culprits? Health-care costs and rent that are rising at a “very rapid” clip, he told investors in the company’s most recent conference call. “Our core consumer continues to be under a lot of pressure,” he said. Bob Sasser, the CEO of Dollar Tree, tells the same story. Consumers, he says, are hurting, and like Vasos, he blames rent and health care. Rising costs in both areas are “the No. 1 issue that we see out there,” he says. Now, the median income of the people being squeezed — the “average Joe” — was a mere $28,757 in 2014, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. And it hasn’t gone up much since. In contrast, the health-care execs, landlords and doctors behind the price increases killing the budgets of the less well-off are quintessential one-percenters. Just consider the following. * The median pay of CEOs at S&P 500 health insurers, hospital and pharma companies was $14.5 million last year, according to Equilar, a research firm that offers boardroom intelligence to clients. * The incomes of landlords are no doubt all over the map. But the CEOs at four of the big publicly traded residential real estate companies made about $8.13 million on average in 2015, according to Equilar. * Doctors earn anywhere from $204,000 to $443,000 a year depending on their specialty, according to Medscape, a division of WebMD WBMD, -0.19% With earnings like that, do these one-percenters really need to keep squeezing the budgets of average shoppers so much that they have to cut back on basics like shampoo and toothpaste at $1 a pop? You decide. Low-end price wars Indeed, one-percenters are wringing so much more cash out of the budgets of lower-income workers, it’s sparked a turf war among retailers who serve them. It’s a raging battle for what little these shoppers have left to spend. This price war has retailers like Walmart WMT, -0.30% and Target TGT, +0.05% slashing prices. Dollar General is now doing the same to keep customers coming in the door. New Apple iPhone arrives amid sales slowdown(2:02) Dollar General recently cut prices by an average of 10% on 450 best-selling items, in 17% of its stores. It’s also offering $1 prices on more national brands. And it’s rolling out more private-label brands, which tend to be more affordable. Those include a brand with a healthier image called Heartland Harvest, to appeal to millennials. Are dollar stores history? A big problem for investors is that cutting prices isn’t necessarily a good way to boost earnings. Investors normally prefer pricing power. Plus, the ongoing squeeze on the budgets of lower-income people doesn’t really paint a favorable outlook for the dollar stores. So, is it game over for these companies? Maybe not. Executives at Dollar General and Dollar Tree recently bought significant amounts of their own company stock in the current selloff. What do they see that’s bullish in this picture? The following four factors, which suggest it makes sense for long-term investors to buy these names. 1. Room to cut costs Dollar Tree bought Family Dollar in July 2015, doubling its store base overnight. But there’s more to the story. Dollar Tree has much better profit margins, leaving plenty of room to boost margins at Family Dollar, points out Steve Goddard, a money manager at Richmond, Va.-based The London Co. who manages the Touchstone Mid-Cap Fund TMAPX, +0.64% He’s worth listening to because his fund significantly beat competitors over the past five years, and he has a big position in Dollar Tree. It’s his No. 1 holding. If Dollar Tree can boost Family Dollar profit margins closer to its own, the company overall could see a 50%-100% increase in earnings over the next three years, maintains Goddard. That’s huge. Dollar Tree hopes to do this, in part, by improving procurement at Family Dollar, and sharing supply-chain and logistical services. J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.10%  analyst Matthew Boss, who has an “overweight” rating on Dollar Tree stock, thinks these kinds of changes could help boost Dollar Tree shares to $107 by the end of 2017. Dollar General has cost-cutting opportunities as well, which could help boost its stock to $97 in a year, according to Morgan Stanley MS, +1.55%  analyst Vincent Sinisi, who has an “overweight” rating on the name. 2. Room to grow Analysts and top execs at dollar stores still think there’s potential for thousands more of these stores in the U.S. OK, that sort of tells us what they think about the prospects for narrowing the wealth gap. But it also helps explain the recent insider buying in dollar-store names. Dollar General management, for example, believes the U.S. market can support at least 13,000 new stores, on top of a current base of more than 12,400, notes Morningstar MORN, +0.07%  analyst Erin Lash. “Dollar General is one of the rare firms in defensive retail with substantial new-store growth potential,” she says. It plans to add 900 stores this year, and 1,000 next year. 3. Food-price deflation may be over The dollar stores cited steep declines in the prices of basics like milk, eggs, sugar, cereal and coffee as one reason for the slowdown in sales last quarter. But commodity prices are volatile. If the downward move is over, or they start heading back up, this will help with sales results. 4. A “food stamps” problem will fade While one-percenters are grabbing more wealth from lower-wage earners in the form of huge price hikes for rent and health care, there’s a two-way street here. The wealthy pay the lion’s share of taxes. And a lot of that money flows to the less well-off, in the form of benefits. One of the big programs here is food stamps, or the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). Recent changes in SNAP hurt the dollar stores. But the worst may be over, and investors selling now may not fully understand this. Here’s what’s going on. The economy has done so well that by the start of this year, 22 states brought back a traditional three-month time limit on food stamps for anyone who is not disabled, raising children or working at least 20 hours a week. That was a big change. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a non-partisan think tank, says this means 500,000 to 1 million people would lose food stamps. The change began at the start of the year. So it effectively took its toll three months later, on April 1. That was right at the start of the second quarter, the dismal one that just sank the shares of dollar stores. Both companies cited this as a factor in weak sales. Food stamps are used in about 5%, or less, of their sales. But the worst may be over, since the maximum three-month time limit kicked in Jan. 1. Now there’s an improving chance that people who lost food stamps might find jobs. After all, unemployment is down to 4.9%. The share of small businesses (who do most of the hiring in the U.S.) with one or more job openings is at the highest level since 2001. It’s at 28%. All of this suggests people who got moved off food stamps might find it easier to find at least part-time jobs. Sure, they are some of the hardest people to employ because of low skills, says the Government Accounting Office. But if it plays out this way, at least to some degree, it will help the dollar stores. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch Google lays the digital smackdown on Pixel resellers 5 things NOT to buy at Lowe’s and Home Depot Opinion Journal: The New Trump Democrats Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.43% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.02% 10 yr fixed 2.92% 30 yr fixed refi 3.9% 15 yr fixed refi 3.09% 5/1 ARM 3.24% 5/1 ARM refi 3.62% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.67% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.03% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3% 48 Mo Used Car 3.03% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.07% 48 Mo New Car 3.02% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dollar Tree Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: DLTR $81.58 -0.07 (-0.09%) Volume 649.6K Open $81.53 High $81.84 Low $80.68 P/E Ratio 27.06 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 19.3B Dollar General Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DG $76.72 -0.19 (-0.25%) Volume 404.4K Open $76.79 High $77.00 Low $76.23 P/E Ratio 18.01 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 21.7B WebMD Health Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: WBMD $53.81 -0.10 (-0.19%) Volume 56217 Open $53.95 High $54.19 Low $53.79 P/E Ratio 29.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.1B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $68.99 -0.20 (-0.30%) Volume 2.5M Open $68.93 High $69.40 Low $68.52 P/E Ratio 14.95 Div Yield 2.91 Market Cap 214.0B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $76.17 +0.04 (+0.05%) Volume 980.4K Open $75.90 High $76.26 Low $75.72 P/E Ratio 13.63 Div Yield 3.15 Market Cap 43.8B Touchstone Mid Cap Fund;A U.S.: Mutual Funds: TMAPX $26.64 +0.17 (+0.64%) Volume 0 Open $26.64 High $26.64 Low $26.64 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $77.94 -0.07 (-0.10%) Volume 5.4M Open $77.96 High $78.42 Low $77.86 P/E Ratio 13.45 Div Yield 2.46 Market Cap 279.2B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $40.59 +0.62 (+1.55%) Volume 3.9M Open $40.00 High $40.59 Low $39.89 P/E Ratio 16.14 Div Yield 1.98 Market Cap 74.9B Morningstar Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: MORN $73.68 +0.05 (+0.07%) Volume 8439 Open $73.50 High $73.95 Low $73.06 P/E Ratio 24.99 Div Yield 1.19 Market Cap 3.2B LatestNews
