Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close 4 Things to Know Now About Black Friday 2016 Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump TOOL State-by-State Guide to Taxes for Retirees QUIZ Test Your Investing IQ BUILDING WEALTH Kiplinger's Wealth Creation Web Conference Series Advertisement Kip Tips 4 Things You Need to Know About Black Friday 2016 Here’s an early look at what to expect for the holiday season’s biggest shopping day. Thinkstock By Bob Niedt, Online Editor Originally published October 21, 2016 It’s only October, but the eyes of retailers and bargain-hunters are trained on late November, when the holiday shopping season launches in earnest on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving. Stores are already starting to stock, organize and get ready to advertise Black Friday doorbusters and deals. SEE ALSO: 8 Things You Should Never Keep In Your Wallet Retailers are also hoping for a solid uptick in sales, which is looking likely. The National Retail Federation forecasts holiday-season sales in November and December will jump 3.6% over 2015, to $655.8 billion. Online sales are projected to increase between 7% and 10% over last year to as much as $117 billion. Thinking about doing your holiday shopping Thanksgiving week? Here’s the early edition forecast of what to expect for Black Friday 2016. Don’t Jump the Gun Many retailers are already rolling out displays and sales. I’ve seen holiday merchandise at BJ’s Wholesale, Costco, Lowe’s and Walmart. At this point, much of it is centered around décor: outdoor and indoor lights, artificial Christmas trees and the like. Hold your horses for the real deals in gifting, though. Advertisement “Store will advertise ‘early Black Friday’ deals in early November, but that's just a marketing ploy,” says Benjamin Glaser of deals website DealNews.com. “The really good discounts start the Monday before Black Friday.” If you’re marking your calendar, that’s November 21. Keep an Eye on Walmart and Target Deals experts keep a tight watch on Walmart and Target for hints of the direction holiday shopping is headed and the hot products the two will be touting. SEE ALSO: Reasons to Shop at Walmart, Even If You Hate Walmart If Walmart sticks to its pattern from recent years, expect to see its Black Friday ad land on or around Nov. 10, about two weeks before Black Friday. (Insider tip: The ad first rolled out in 2015 on Walmart’s mobile app before it went online or in print.) Walmart called last year’s game plan for select doorbuster items a success – so it will likely be implemented again in 2016. That includes the 1-hour guarantee: Shoppers who lined up an hour before stores opened were guaranteed to get select doorbuster merchandise on sale – even if that store ran out of its stock. Target’s Black Friday ad is one of the most eagerly awaited of the season, according to deals websites. Shoppers look for the best bargains and competing retailers seek out what they’re going to match – or undercut – on price. Last year, Target’s ad topped out at 40 pages, up from 32 in 2014. Advertisement Brace for the Thanksgiving Revolt After seeing increasingly more stores and shopping centers move up the start of Black Friday shopping to Thanksgiving Day, there seems to be a retrenching this year. There’s a growing list of retailers vowing to keep brick-and-mortar stores dark on Thanksgiving (online is always 24/7, of course). Minnesota’s massive Mall of America, for one, will be closed on Thanksgiving Day for the first time in years. So too will the Barnes & Noble, BJ’s Wholesale Club, Costco, Lowe’s, H&M, Nordstrom, Sam’s Club, T.J. Maxx and GameStop chains. As a journalist, I’ve followed the retail scene since 1992. I’ve worked several Thanksgivings covering the growing number of retailers who propped open their doors on the holiday. And I covered the people who shopped those days, as well as the ones who brayed at Retail America for stepping on an important family tradition. Whichever side you fall on, if you plan to shop during Thanksgiving week this year, plan accordingly. TVs Will Take Center Stage It’s a truism of Black Friday that televisions will lead the way in electronics deals. That’s because many retailers drastically discount doorbuster TVs in order to get shoppers excited – and inside stores. It will be no different this year. On Black Friday, DealNews projects some retailers will be offloading 65-inch 4K TVs at doorbuster prices. Look for the super-high-resolution models – 4K TVs have four times the resolutions of traditional HD sets – for around $459, down from the average price of $1,025. Advertisement In previous years, Best Buy, Walmart and Target led the way in TV discounts, with Target’s pricing tipping near 50% off Thanksgiving week, according to both DealNews and BFAds.net, a website devoted to tracking Black Friday ads. SEE ALSO: Things You Need to Know About Shopping at Kohl's Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info He recommended Amazon in 1997 and Tesla in 2011. And he's announcing his newest pick for the best stock to buy now. 5 Years From Now, You'll Probably Wish You Grabbed These Stocks Enter your email address below to get the name of the stock and to receive Kiplinger Today. Privacy/Legal Information Advertisement Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2016, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Recruiting and retaining female IT talent: 8 concrete steps Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center Sustainable IT News Target passes Walmart as top corporate solar customer Corporate solar installations could now power 193,000 homes every year More like this Apple commits to run off 100% renewable energy Apple’s $850M solar plant rockets it to first place among U.S. corporations Rooftop solar installation prices drop as does payback time on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? A Target store in Greenville, S.C. Credit: Target Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Lucas Mearian Follow Computerworld | Oct 21, 2016 12:32 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Sustainable IT Computer Hardware Comments Target has surpassed perennial champion Walmart as the U.S.'s top corporate user of solar power, according to a new report. Target has installed 147 megawatts (million watts or MW) of solar capacity on 300 stores, according to the 2016 Solar Means Business Report from the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA). "We're incredibly proud of the progress we've made in improving building efficiencies and reducing environmental impact. Our commitment to installing solar panels on 500 stores and distribution centers by 2020 is evidence of that progress," John Leisen, vice president of property management at Target, said in the SEIA statement. Walmart had held the top spot for the previous four years and still claims second place with 145MW of solar power installed on 364 buildings, according to the SEIA, which has been tracking corporate solar deployments for the past five years. This year, real estate developer Prologis came in third with 107.8MW of solar. Apple, which is in fourth place with 93.9MW of installed solar power, is a likely contender for first place sometime next year. Last year, Apple announced it was investing $850 million in a solar power plant through a partnership with First Solar, one of the nation's largest photovoltaic (PV) manufacturers and provider of utility-scale PV plants. Through a 25-year purchasing agreement, Apple will get 130MW from the new California Flats Solar Project. The project is currently under construction and is expected to be completed by the end of this year. Other Top 10 companies recognized in the SEIA's report include Costco (50.7 MW), Kohl's (50.2 MW), IKEA (44 MW), Macy's (38.9 MW), General Growth Properties (30.2 MW) and Hartz Mountain Industries (22.7 MW). While IKEA is in seventh place, it powers 91% of its retail locations through solar, according to the SEIA. Overall, U.S. corporations have doubled their solar installations year over year and are expected to close out 2016 with nearly 280MW of solar power -- compared to 130MW in 2015. The SEIA's report covers corporate solar installations in 38 states plus Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico; it tracks almost 1,100MW of solar installations at 2,000 U.S. companies. "To put that in context, that's enough electricity to power the equivalent of 193,000 homes every year," the report stated. "Also noteworthy, in just the first three quarters of 2016, the report found 142MW of corporate solar was added in the U.S., more than was installed in all of 2015 (129 MW)." In 2014, frustrated by a lack of renewable energy and a purchasing system that's too complicated, major U.S. companies joined an initiative to force the government and utilities to change. Along with the World Wildlife Fund and the World Resources Institute, the corporations signed a pact supporting six principles to clearly identify what's needed when purchasing renewable energy. The initial companies included Bloomberg, Facebook, General Motors, Hewlett-Packard, Intel, Johnson & Johnson, Mars, Novelis, Procter and Gamble, REI, Sprint and Walmart. The companies called for six specific changes they wanted the energy industry to adopt to increase renewable energy use: Greater choice in procurement options More access to cost competitive options Longer- and variable-term contracts Access to new projects that reduce emissions Streamlined third-party financing Increased purchasing options with utilities "Solar plays a vital role within our renewable energy portfolio," Mark Vanderhelm, vice president of energy for Walmart, said in a statement. "This is evident by our 2020 commitment of doubling solar energy projects at our Walmart stores, Sam's Clubs and distribution centers across the nation. Our focus is on finding those solar projects that are right for the business." RELATED TOPICS Sustainable IT Computer Hardware Lucas Mearian — Senior Writer Senior Writer Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage, consumerization of IT, mobile device management, renewable energy, telematics/car tech and entertainment tech for Computerworld. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet White Paper 451 Research: Interconnection 101 White Paper Agile Portfolio Management White Paper Building a Software-Defined WAN with NetScaler SD-WAN White Paper Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Product Overview Go Top Stories Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service Cisco, which has promoted its smart city technologies for more than two years, announced that 10... 3 things GrubHub's CEO should've considered before sending anti-Trump email Watch what you write in an email. First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Last chance to take our IT Salary Survey! Computerworld's 2017 IT Salary Survey is closing soon; take it now and enter to win one of three $500... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Driver runs down woman in SF, causing life-threatening injuries Several SF election contests still up in the air Left turns whittled down on SF’s Van Ness Avenue Half Moon Bay accountant, 70, arrested in embezzlement probe Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Steve Kerr debunks Klay Thompson trade rumor 49ers turn attention to big challenge in Brady, Patriots Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs PG&E plugs fast-rising executive Geisha Williams into CEO role Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Where finance and technology come together Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds The latest from Dear Abby ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Walmart-JD-com-offer-more-choices-ahead-of-10057231.php Walmart, JD.com offer more choices ahead of Singles Day Associated Press Published 1:56 pm, Friday, October 21, 2016 Walmart and JD.com are offering more choices for Chinese shoppers ahead of Singles Day, one of the world’s biggest online shopping days of the year. That includes two-hour delivery services at some Walmart stores and a Walmart global store on JD Worldwide, JD.com’s cross-border platform. Walmart bought an initial stake in JD.com, China’s No. 2 e-commerce site, this year in a deal that gave JD.com ownership of its Chinese e-commerce site Yihaodian. This month, Walmart increased its stake in JD.com to 10.8 percent from 5.9 percent. The world’s largest retailer is trying to improve its business in China, the globe’s most populous country that is lucrative but challenging. In China, Walmart faces a business that has been slow and uneven. Singles Day was launched by Chinese college students in the 1990s as a version of Valentine’s Day for people without romantic partners. The Nov. 11 timing was based on the four singles of 11.11. Unattached young people would treat each other to dinner or bestow gifts to woo someone and end their single status. It became a shopping bonanza as sellers of everything from necklaces to TVs moved to cash in on the marketing opportunity, and it is now China’s answer to Cyber Monday in the United States. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP TRANSITION Oakland students leave class to march against Trump Racist graffiti met by mass ‘greeting’ events Latest News Driver runs down woman in SF, causing life-threatening injuries BART delays after cover pops off third rail Man fatally shot in West Oakland Suspect on the loose after opening fire on officers in SJ Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months The 6 most surprising things from Trump's '60 Minutes' interview Trump eyes woman, openly gay man for posts Report: In Obama chat, Trump unfamiliar with president's duties What the rich are doing to reap Trump's tax bonanza Bay Area mom describes Uber customer service nightmare An Uber driver asked to take woman home takes her to motel PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Rock star Leon Russell dead at 74 Post-war San Francisco under construction Drugs and 'unspeakable dance halls': Tenderloin history Today's Gate Features Hillsborough mansion's shocking price cut NFL memes of the week: Look who got the last laugh! Ranking every Clint Eastwood film from worst to first SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Kiss rolling papers goodbye with this refillable, reusable... This powerful VPN offers online protection for life — and... Most Popular 1 Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months 2 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 3 Bay Area mom describes days-long Uber customer service nightmare 4 Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 5 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 6 Pregnancy photoshoot at Baker Beach crashed by nude sunbather 7 Gwen Ifill, ‘PBS NewsHour’ Host, Dies at 61 8 The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes'... 9 Megyn Kelly says Donald Trump tried to give her free flights... 10 Opponents fight California gun measure, count on Trump View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Mods and Ends  K40 RLS2 Portable Radar Detector Review K40 RLS2 Portable Radar Detector Review Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Fri, Oct 21, 2016 - 3:51 PM 1 Comments I’ve been an avid radar detector user for nearly 20 years, but I’ve always bought them locally. Back in the day I’d go to Circuit City and walk out with one of the mid-range Cobra or Whistler models that would run between $100-$150 and they seemed to work well. Over the years many of the local brick and mortar electronic stores went out of business, but luckily the local Walmart always had multiple Cobra brand radar detectors in-stock. The last one I purchased was the Cobra SPX7700 from Walmart in late 2014 and it was by far the worst radar detector that I had ever used, let alone purchased. My particular Cobra SPX7700 would constantly have false alarms at the highest level every few minutes and then fail to detect pretty much every police car that was doing radar. That one purchase ruined my long running faith in radar detectors and was tossed in the closet while I drove around with no radar detector for the first time in my life. Sure Cobra is considered a lower tier brand that was recently bought out by Escort, but not everyone wants to spend over $200 on a radar detector. The silence was nice, but having a radar detector does give you peace of mind and that was missing during spirited driving. I later learned that many of the false alerts might have due to new car technologies that are wreaking havoc on lower-end radar detectors. Cars like the Audi Q7 or Mercedes-Benz E-Class use radar-based safety features when their active cruise control is engaged and that is picked up by many radar detectors that aren’t filtering those signals. Most car manufactures now offer some form of collision avoidance or active cruise control and rely on lasers to detect the presence of other vehicles. Most radar detectors can’t separate the ‘noise’ from all these new technology packages on vehicles, but manufactures have been ‘fine-tuning’ their solutions to do a better job at it. The vehicle safety systems rely on radar receivers operating at the same short-range 24 GHz frequency bandwidth as police K-band radar guns. Radar detectors are designed to scan the 24.050 – 24.250 GHz bandwidth to report the use of police radar. That’s where the false positives come from  unless the radar detector manufacturer offers a specific filtering technology to address this. When Legit Reviews was approached by K40 Electronics to do a review on one of their radar detectors we were intrigued. K40 claims to have ‘the most advanced radar detector and laser jamming system in the world’ on a  fully-integrated 360º radar protection solution called the K40 RL360i. A full car installation wasn’t something we were interested in, but K40 does make a couple portable radar detectors. There is the K40 RLS2 all-band radar and laser detector with GPS technology ($299.99 shipped) and the K40 RD950 Radar and Laser Detector ($249.99) that doesn’t have GPS connectivity and fewer bells and whistles. Both have advanced K-Band filtering to help eliminate false alerts from OEM radar-based accessories (adaptive cruise control or lane departure warning systems).  The use of GPS technology allows The K40 RLS2 to offer four programmable settings to ensure you remain focused on real threats: Mark to Mute – Silence regularly encountered non-police radar locations. Mark to Alert – Mark speed traps, cameras, school zones, and any other location of particular interest. Quiet Ride – Silence warnings under a pre-selected speed (default is 5 mph). Great for mall areas as well as long highway speed road trips. Speed Monitor – Alerts if selected speed is exceeded. Good reminder for teen drivers! The model that we will be taking a look at today is the K40 RLS2 Portable Radar Detector (product page), which is the flagship portable model made by K40 Electronics. Priced at $299.99 with free shipping on Amazon, we’d classify this model as being an upper mid-tier model. K40 RLS2 Protection Features: Detects all North American-approved police radar bands GPS-based “Mark to Alert” and “Mark to Mute” allow you to mark specific threats and to filter specific locations three selectable modes for highway or city driving digital voice and audio tone alerts for radar, laser, and POP K-band filter rejects alerts from vehicles with radar-based safety systems traffic sensor filter allows filtration of K-band traffic flow sensors display includes signal strength meter dim and mute modes Three Filter Settings: Level/Mode Sensitivity Recommended Use 1. Highway Detects all North American police radar (X, K, and Ka-Band) and laser signals at full sensitivity. For highway travel or in any area in which you are unfamiliar with the types of radar used. 2. City 50% reduction in X-band sensitivity. This is because it is the most common source of non-police radar signals. K, Ka, and Laser will remain at full sensitivity. When traveling in an urban area with minimal non-police radar signals. 3. Filter Eliminates X-Band detection completely. Reduces K and Ka-Band sensitivity by 50%. Laser detection will remain at full sensitivity. When traveling in a congested traffic area with a high concentration of non-police radar signals.   K40 RLS2 Radar Detector Retail Box The retail packing for the K40 RLS2 Radar Detector is fairly simple with a ‘Drive Ticket-Free’ logo on the front edge of the box. If you get a speeding ticket (except in school or construction zones and/or due to a DUI or DWI violation) K40 electronics will reimburse you for the ticket. Simply send them a copy of the radar or laser speeding ticket, your proof of payment of the ticket, and your receipt for your K40 purchase. K40 Electronics also backs their products with a 100% performance guarantee that allows you to return it within 30 days if it doesn’t meet your expectations and if you want to keep it there is a one-year warranty that covers any repair or replacements of a defective product. K40 Electronics has without a doubt one of the best ownership guarantees around. Update 10/22/2016: After posting this review K40 electronics contacted us and also posted a statement in the comment section in this review saying that they will not honor any warranties, guarantees, and/or services for K40 products purchased from most all online stores. Basically they are 100% supporting their Authorized Dealer network. In St. Louis there are only six K40 dealers in a 100 mile radius, so if you live in a rural are you’ll likely have to drive to a major city and pay more to get a warranty and any guarantees. We called a couple of the St. Louis distributors only to find them closed on the weekend and will update when we find out what local pricing is.  K40 RLS2 Radar Detector Accessories Inside the packaging you’ll find the RLS2 portable radar detector, mounting bracket, suction cups, hard wired power adapter cord, coiled power adapter cord, extra fuses for each power adapter and the typical paperwork. It was a bit odd that the cigarette lighter power adapters used different fuses, but it is certainly nice to have the option of two cables. We wish the K40 RLS2 came with an extra set of suction cups as those always fail 1-2 years down the road any they are not the standard sizes you’ll find at a local Walmart or Home Depot type big box retail stores. The K40 RLS2 utilizes a simple dot matrix display that is easy to read during the day or night and you do have the ability to adjust the brightness levels. This model has seven buttons on the top: MARK Button: Press and hold to mark specific locations for alert. Press and release to mute specific radar / laser alerts in a location. QUIET Ride Button: Press and release to confirm speed setting and enter Quiet Ride menu MUTE Button: Press and release to mute audio for 30 seconds or the duration of the alert. Press and hold for 3 seconds to engage a 5-minute mute. UP & Down Buttons: Navigation in MENU mode Filter Button: Press and release to select level of alert sensitivity DIM / MENU Button: Press and release to adjust display brightness, or hold for 3 seconds to enter MENU mode. When it comes to programmable features there are 15 to select from and rather than explaining them all we scanned in a copy of the RLS2 quick reference guide that comes with the radar detector that you can keep in the car if you want. On the side of the K40 RLS2 you have the power port and the volume wheel. We were a bit shocked to learn that there was no USB port, WiFi or Bluetooth functionality with the K40 RLS2. This means that the firmware isn’t upgradeable. We asked K40 Electronics about why they made this design decision and you can read the response below. The firmware isn’t upgradeable and doesn’t need to be upgraded as we don’t maintain any kind of database of locations. To us, we give the driver the power to control/select such via GPS marking instead of having to constantly update to get the latest information. – K40 Electronics The screen is easy to read and below you can see what it looks like when you the RLS2 picks up a Ka-band signal. The RLS2 shows the type of band detected on the left, the strength of that band in the middle and then your speed in either mph or kph. The radar signal strength ranges from 1 being the low to 9 being the highest. The real test of any radar detector is actually using it. I’ve been using the K40 RLS2 radar detector daily in St. Louis, Missouri and have been more than impressed. As I mentioned in the introduction, I’ve been a long time user of Cobra radar detectors up until all the cars with collision avoidance technologies became wildly popular in the past year. All the false alerts were so annoying it drove me to not use a radar detector at all. The K40 RLS2 has very good K-Band filtering and I’ve actually gone for short 10-20 mile trips around the metro area on the highway with no false alarms whatsoever. In fact, the K40 RLS2 was so quite that I was worried it wasn’t working properly the first few days that I was using it. Finally, after several days of seeing no police doing radar I finally got to see it in action and 99% of the time it detects the radar signal well before I see the police car. On previous detectors there were times where you’d see the car on the side of the road ahead and then the radar detector starts going off. That is not the case with the K40 RLS2 unless they are doing spot radar and then there is nothing you can do about that. I’m also very impressed with how well it detects cross-street radar when the officer is doing radar along a main road from a side street. Many local police do that around my home and the K40 RLS2 does a very good job picking that up before I get there even when there are no cars ahead of me to reflect the signal. The Quiet Ride and other GPS features make $50 price premium on the RLS2 over the RD950 worth it in my opinion. Before using the K40 RLS2 there is no way I’d ever spend $300 on a radar detector as the lower cost models worked and got me by. After using a higher-end model like the K40 RLS2 it showed me what I was missing and that was a quality detector that didn’t have a zillion false alarms. It almost makes me wonder what the top-dollar models perform like as the Valentine One Radar Detector runs $499.98 and the Escort Max 360 Radar Detector demands $595.00. The K40 RLS2 is currently priced available for $299.99 with free shipping on Amazon (MSRP $399.95). It may not have all the features that the competitors have, but it has solid range performance and it is night and day better than the lower cost models that you can pick up at local brick and mortar stores. Legit Bottom Line: K40 Electronics might not be the first brand that comes to mind when you think about radar detectors, but the K40 RLS2 was found to be a solid performer that worked as advertised. Questions or Comments? View this thread in our forums! K40 Electronics Should note that unless buying from an Authorized K40 Dealer (which you can find on our Dealer Locator page) we will not honor any warranties, guarantees, and/or services for K40 products purchased from unauthorized internet resellers, ebay auctions, and/or Amazon stores. If you have any questions, call us at 800-323-5608 Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact APC Partner Hub Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Target passes Walmart as top corporate solar customer Target passes Walmart as top corporate solar customer Corporate solar installations could now power 193,000 homes every year Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 22 October, 2016 06:32 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments Target has surpassed perennial champion Walmart as the U.S.'s top corporate user of solar power, according to a new report. Target has installed 147 megawatts (million watts or MW) of solar capacity on 300 stores, according to the 2016 Solar Means Business Report from the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA). "We're incredibly proud of the progress we've made in improving building efficiencies and reducing environmental impact. Our commitment to installing solar panels on 500 stores and distribution centers by 2020 is evidence of that progress," John Leisen, vice president of property management at Target, said in the SEIA statement. Walmart had held the top spot for the previous four years and still claims second place with 145MW of solar power installed on 364 buildings, according to the SEIA, which has been tracking corporate solar deployments for the past five years. This year, real estate developer Prologis came in third with 107.8MW of solar. Apple, which is in fourth place with 93.9MW of installed solar power, is a likely contender for first place sometime next year. Last year, Apple announced it was investing $850 million in a solar power plant through a partnership with First Solar, one of the nation's largest photovoltaic (PV) manufacturers and provider of utility-scale PV plants. Through a 25-year purchasing agreement, Apple will get 130MW from the new California Flats Solar Project. The project is currently under construction and is expected to be completed by the end of this year. Other Top 10 companies recognized in the SEIA's report include Costco (50.7 MW), Kohl's (50.2 MW), IKEA (44 MW), Macy's (38.9 MW), General Growth Properties (30.2 MW) and Hartz Mountain Industries (22.7 MW). While IKEA is in seventh place, it powers 91% of its retail locations through solar, according to the SEIA. Overall, U.S. corporations have doubled their solar installations year over year and are expected to close out 2016 with nearly 280MW of solar power -- compared to 130MW in 2015. The SEIA's report covers corporate solar installations in 38 states plus Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico; it tracks almost 1,100MW of solar installations at 2,000 U.S. companies. "To put that in context, that's enough electricity to power the equivalent of 193,000 homes every year," the report stated. "Also noteworthy, in just the first three quarters of 2016, the report found 142MW of corporate solar was added in the U.S., more than was installed in all of 2015 (129 MW)." In 2014, frustrated by a lack of renewable energy and a purchasing system that's too complicated, major U.S. companies joined an initiative to force the government and utilities to change. Along with the World Wildlife Fund and the World Resources Institute, the corporations signed a pact supporting six principles to clearly identify what's needed when purchasing renewable energy. The initial companies included Bloomberg, Facebook, General Motors, Hewlett-Packard, Intel, Johnson & Johnson, Mars, Novelis, Procter and Gamble, REI, Sprint and Walmart. The companies called for six specific changes they wanted the energy industry to adopt to increase renewable energy use: Greater choice in procurement options More access to cost competitive options Longer- and variable-term contracts Access to new projects that reduce emissions Streamlined third-party financing Increased purchasing options with utilities "Solar plays a vital role within our renewable energy portfolio," Mark Vanderhelm, vice president of energy for Walmart, said in a statement. "This is evident by our 2020 commitment of doubling solar energy projects at our Walmart stores, Sam's Clubs and distribution centers across the nation. Our focus is on finding those solar projects that are right for the business." Brand Post Help Your Customers Avoid 39% Print Cost Increases More from Brother Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Veeam shakes up A/NZ channel team Telstra, Katana 1 and Intalock nab top honours at NetApp partner awards NetApp honours leading trans-Tasman partners Channel Deals ACA Pacific It Pays to Partner with Quantum. Latest Quantum Alliance Sales Reward Offers. Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows NetApp honours leading trans-Tasman partners ​NetApp unveiled the winners of its inaugural Australia and New Zealand Partner Awards at a gala dinner in Sydney. NetApp honours leading trans-Tasman partners IN PICTURES: CompTIA Xmas party and A/NZ channel community meeting CompTIA recently hosted its networking reception and Christmas party in Sydney following an A/NZ channel community meeting. The meeting focused on how to grow business in 2017 and saw people wearing bandanas​ as part of an awareness campaign to encourage women to consider a career in IT​. The networking that followed saw attendees mingling over drinks and finger food. IN PICTURES: CompTIA Xmas party and A/NZ channel community meeting ARN Roundtable - Building the bandwidth for future channel success ​As Australia grapples with digital boardroom agendas, alongside new technologies flooding the market, the time for reseller reassessment has arrived. In offering full solution suites to customers - including data, bandwidth and the network - the channel must create value through broadening the cloud conversation, while transitioning to a new services-based approach. This exclusive ARN roundtable, in association with Dicker Data and Telstra, examined how partners can build capabilities on top of new technologies, outlining how to create new IP while generating success in channel services. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Roundtable - Building the bandwidth for future channel success iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients How to Sell Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadcom eyes Brocade acquisition   Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:26AM ​Arrow ECS hit by double executive departure 11:13AM Blackberry veteran to head up NetComm Wireless product development 10:45AM Why partners must change the end-user conversation when selling 10:22AM ​The Missing Link - Why saying No builds trust in finance More News ​Why new-look McAfee is making security vendors nervous ​Is Hewlett Packard Enterprise sizing up SimpliVity? 15 Nov Veritas Vibe with Microsoft - Brisbane 17 Nov How to make your products and services channel-ready so your partners can’t wait... 18 Nov Veritas Vibe with Microsoft - Sydney 29 Nov Veritas Vibe with Microsoft - Melbourne View all events Upcoming ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2016 EDGE 2016 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2016 Emerging Leaders 2016
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Inside Amazon's Big Play for Grocery Business 23 minutes ago Array 0 ANA Video: Facebook's Michelle Klein on Mobile and Messaging By E.J. Schultz - 39 minutes ago Array 0 Pritchard's Priorities for ANA: Quality, Equality, Transparency By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 ANA Video: MasterCard's Raja Rajamannar on Modernizing Its Brand By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 1 hour ago Array 0 Facebook Live's First Ad Campaign Shines a Light on Its Users By Ann-Christine Diaz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Facebook Live's First Ad Campaign Shines a Light on Its Users By Ann-Christine Diaz - 1 hour ago 0 ANA Video: TIAA's Connie Weaver Talks About Rebranding a 98-Year-Old Company By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago 0 Many Ad-Blocking Readers Agree to See Ads When The Financial Times Asks By Jeremy Barr - 6 hours ago 0 Anatomy of an Ad: Chrysler's Pacifikids By Nathan Skid and David Hall - 9 hours ago 0 McDonald's Cooking Up Some Changes as U.S. Growth Slows By Jessica Wohl - 6 hours ago 0 Fox News Is No Longer a Top 20 Best-Perceived Brand Among Republicans By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 84 Rejected Clinton Campaign Slogans, Courtesy of WikiLeaks By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Space Jam: NBA to Offer Live Virtual Reality Games Weekly This Season - Yesterday 0 Nate Silver on the Electoral Map Surprises That Election Day Might Hold for Us By Simon Dumenco - 21 hours ago 0 Gary Vaynerchuk Tells Industry to Wake Up Already in Blunt ANA Talk By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Inside Amazon's Big Play for Grocery Business Published on October 21, 2016. Most Popular For years, Walmart has followed Amazon, putting inventory online and starting its own version of a marketplace where third-party merchants can sell their wares. Now Amazon is returning the favor. The e-commerce behemoth is building pickup locations for groceries in Seattle that could open by the end of the year, according to someone familiar with the plans, echoing a strategy embraced by its chief brick-and-mortar rival. Delivering fresh food is complicated and the one thing keeping Amazon and other tech companies from disrupting the grocery business. Most consumers still get their milk, produce and meat from Walmart, Kroger and other traditional grocers. But while e-commerce has yet to take hold in the $800 billion U.S. grocery market, Amazon is betting that could change as millennials accustomed to shopping online enter their prime food-buying years. "We know their best customers are willing to buy groceries online," says Cowen & Co. analyst John Blackledge. "The onus is on Amazon to deliver because the demand is there." Amazon began experimenting with the grocery business in 2007 when the company started AmazonFresh in the Seattle area, where the company is based. The service offered doorstep delivery of a limited selection of groceries, saving consumers driving time and the trouble of pushing a shopping cart around a store. The service has slowly expanded to 16 U.S. markets, including Los Angeles, New York and Boston. In June, the company rolled out the service to Prime subscribers in London, the first time it has been offered outside the U.S. Amazon currently offers same-day delivery of more than 130,000 items for 7 pounds ($8.58) per month on top of the cost of Prime. Recently AmazonFresh hit a milestone when it stopped losing money in Seattle, according to the person. Earlier this month, the company dropped the price from $299 a year to $15 a month in the U.S. -- $180 annually -- which proved immediately popular with shoppers and emboldened Amazon to accelerate its grocery ambitions, the person said. Delivering groceries to a customer's home is an expensive and tricky proposition because fresh food spoils and can't be left at the door like electronics or clothing. It has taken Peapod, the grocery delivery service owned by Royal Ahold, years to figure out how to deliver meat and produce profitably. Instacart, a San Francisco upstart that has partnered with Whole Foods, employs legions of shoppers who troll the aisles and deliver food to customers' homes. It, too, has struggled to crack the code. Walmart and Kroger have embraced the so-called click-and-collect model. Shoppers select their food online, and then workers fill the order and have it ready for pickup in the store parking lot. Besides side-stepping potential spoilage, Walmart is hoping that shoppers will buy other things once they've made it as far as the parking lot. The service has only been around for a few years and is still rolling out nationally, so it's too early to judge its popularity among the targeted demo of millennial mothers. Amazon, of course, doesn't have much of a physical presence in the U.S. beyond a few bookstores. So the company is turning to pickup locations for its groceries. In Seattle, Amazon is building facilities that resemble gas stations, where shoppers could pull in and pick up their groceries. Seattle Planning Department documents reveal two similar projects in the city featuring car canopies. One of the sites is near a new Amazon Prime Now distribution hub where shoppers pick up packages ordered through the company's one-hour delivery service, according to another person familiar with the matter. Construction crews were busy at both locations earlier this week. The company declined to comment. Amazon could also team up with local grocers to offer grocery pickup sites allowing it to expand the concept more quickly than it could by building new locations around the country, according to another person briefed on the plans. In the U.K., Amazon has pickup lockers at stores operated by the Morrisons supermarket chain where shoppers can pick up online orders. Under such partnerships, Amazon can also put the grocers' inventory on its site. Meanwhile, Amazon is testing the appetite for grocery delivery among Prime subscribers who don't pay extra for AmazonFresh. Prime members in Southern California and Indianapolis, for instance, can get fresh food delivered from Bristol Farms and Fresh Thyme Farmers Market, via the Prime Now quick delivery service. Further grocer partnerships lets Amazon feel out new markets while competing with Whole Foods-Instacart. Ultimately, Amazon could integrate the Fresh and Prime Now services into one, one of the people said. Amazon's push into fresh food is a direct threat to the established players. In the U.K., the company has entered a crowded market where Tesco Plc and web grocer Ocado Group Plc have been engaged in a price war for years. Ocado shares plummeted when Amazon announced its U.K. plans. In the U.S., the main tussle will play out between Amazon and Wal-Mart, which is the nation's largest grocer, generates more than half its sales from selling food and uses cheap food to lure customers to its stores. Time and again, Amazon has shown itself willing to absorb losses while it builds a commanding market share. In groceries, the company is willing to break even in an effort to persuade shoppers to visit the site more often, one of the people said. The big question is whether sizable numbers of Americans will be prepared to purchase fresh food online, sight unseen. For many people, there's no substitute for personally assessing the ripeness of an avocado or the thickness of a steak. Wal-Mart and other traditional grocers are spending billions to improve the shopping experience and doubling down on prepared meals and private label products you can't get anywhere else. "There's still going to be a place for stores that have a good selection and provide that experience," says industry consultant Roger Davidson. Still, many experts said shoppers wouldn't buy furniture or cars online. Turns out they will, and Amazon is betting the same will be true of fresh food. ~~ Bloomberg News In this article: Beverages CMO Strategy Creativity Digital Packaged Food Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Target passes Walmart as top corporate solar customer Target passes Walmart as top corporate solar customer Corporate solar installations could now power 193,000 homes every year Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 22 October, 2016 06:32 - - - - print email Comments Target has surpassed perennial champion Walmart as the U.S.'s top corporate user of solar power, according to a new report. Target has installed 147 megawatts (million watts or MW) of solar capacity on 300 stores, according to the 2016 Solar Means Business Report from the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA). "We're incredibly proud of the progress we've made in improving building efficiencies and reducing environmental impact. Our commitment to installing solar panels on 500 stores and distribution centers by 2020 is evidence of that progress," John Leisen, vice president of property management at Target, said in the SEIA statement. Walmart had held the top spot for the previous four years and still claims second place with 145MW of solar power installed on 364 buildings, according to the SEIA, which has been tracking corporate solar deployments for the past five years. This year, real estate developer Prologis came in third with 107.8MW of solar. Apple, which is in fourth place with 93.9MW of installed solar power, is a likely contender for first place sometime next year. Last year, Apple announced it was investing $850 million in a solar power plant through a partnership with First Solar, one of the nation's largest photovoltaic (PV) manufacturers and provider of utility-scale PV plants. Through a 25-year purchasing agreement, Apple will get 130MW from the new California Flats Solar Project. The project is currently under construction and is expected to be completed by the end of this year. Other Top 10 companies recognized in the SEIA's report include Costco (50.7 MW), Kohl's (50.2 MW), IKEA (44 MW), Macy's (38.9 MW), General Growth Properties (30.2 MW) and Hartz Mountain Industries (22.7 MW). While IKEA is in seventh place, it powers 91% of its retail locations through solar, according to the SEIA. Overall, U.S. corporations have doubled their solar installations year over year and are expected to close out 2016 with nearly 280MW of solar power -- compared to 130MW in 2015. The SEIA's report covers corporate solar installations in 38 states plus Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico; it tracks almost 1,100MW of solar installations at 2,000 U.S. companies. "To put that in context, that's enough electricity to power the equivalent of 193,000 homes every year," the report stated. "Also noteworthy, in just the first three quarters of 2016, the report found 142MW of corporate solar was added in the U.S., more than was installed in all of 2015 (129 MW)." In 2014, frustrated by a lack of renewable energy and a purchasing system that's too complicated, major U.S. companies joined an initiative to force the government and utilities to change. Along with the World Wildlife Fund and the World Resources Institute, the corporations signed a pact supporting six principles to clearly identify what's needed when purchasing renewable energy. The initial companies included Bloomberg, Facebook, General Motors, Hewlett-Packard, Intel, Johnson & Johnson, Mars, Novelis, Procter and Gamble, REI, Sprint and Walmart. The companies called for six specific changes they wanted the energy industry to adopt to increase renewable energy use: Greater choice in procurement options More access to cost competitive options Longer- and variable-term contracts Access to new projects that reduce emissions Streamlined third-party financing Increased purchasing options with utilities "Solar plays a vital role within our renewable energy portfolio," Mark Vanderhelm, vice president of energy for Walmart, said in a statement. "This is evident by our 2020 commitment of doubling solar energy projects at our Walmart stores, Sam's Clubs and distribution centers across the nation. Our focus is on finding those solar projects that are right for the business." Brand Post Whaling Anatomy of an Attack Protecting Your Organisation from CEO Email Scams More from Mimecast Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleBloombergFacebookIntelSprint Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Ransomware is Increasing the Risk and Impact to Organisations Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. IDG STEM Study Insights Latest Jobs Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Senior Information Management SME NSW Chief Enterprise Architect NSW SAP Test Manager NSW Senior Delphi Developer NSW Iteration Manager NSW DevOps Engineer QLD General Manager - Software Development & IT VIC Project Manager (HR, Payroll) VIC Business Analyst NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next 6 ways to add cybersecurity protections to outsourcing deals ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review The week in security: Privacy, e-voting worries as Trump wins US election CSO Online In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation Messaging and collaboration tools are most valuable enterprise apps Market Place Hear from International Keynote Christopher Hadnagy, Chief Human Hacker, Social Engineer Inc & Author (USA) on BEC - Register now Secure Software Faster, Better - READ THE FORRESTER TEI REPORT -> CSO Cyber ambassador a welcome move but laggard Australia still not “mature” on security: expert UK approves extradition of British hacker to the US DoS technique lets a single laptop take down an enterprise firewall The week in security: Privacy, e-voting worries as Trump wins US election 412 million FriendFinder Network accounts said to be exposed in hack Computerworld China hints at retaliation against Apple and iPhones if trade war goes hot Aurora Energy CIO leaves after six months in role Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows Trump's election sets stage for H-1B reform ARN Why partners must change the end-user conversation when selling ​The Missing Link - Why saying No builds trust in finance ​Synnex bolsters cloud credentials with Microsoft ISV deal Polycom promotes from within to boost A/NZ channel team ​Why new-look McAfee is making security vendors nervous Techworld As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools China hints at retaliation against Apple and iPhones if trade war goes hot GE buys ServiceMax for US$915M to boost its IoT power Three customer service robots land in San Jose airport Web developers get their own browser CMO Interview: Alterian CEO on martech consolidation and uniting digital with direct How this fintech startup is improving content marketing and lead generation Katja Forbes: Pioneering change in customer experience management Qantas and realestate.com entice customers with VR apps How activity data is helping Chemmart secure customer loyalty Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
null
null
null

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, November 14, 2016, 6:58 p.m. Home / Business / Business news in brief This article was published October 21, 2016 at 2:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Undo protest ruling, union asks justices This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Business news in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Nissan-Renault CEO Ghosn to chair Mitsubishi'... Telecom stocks lead market lower Luxury-good sales lackluster for 2016 $4B in cuts said to target VW brand Business news in brief NEWS IN BRIEF Hutchinson: Deal with Chinese firm to bring 4... U.S. home sales rebounded in September despit... Union asks Arkansas court to reverse Wal-Mart... More Business stories > Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 2 more armed robberies in Hillcrest, Heights neighborhoods reported, police say (23 comments) Little Rock man says girlfriend threatened him with knife, gun, stole phone (1 comment) Police: Woman, child lived with tigers, 'vicious' monkeys (1 comment) Sheriff's office: Fight over Arkansas man's porn viewing 'escalated quickly'; 1 arrested (2 comments) Torres found guilty of capital murder in death of 6-year-old son (12 comments) Retirement's in the weeds for ex-Arkansas Realtor (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Subscribe to Daily Chronicle 51°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Get App State Town News and Info Nation and World Government Police Reports Marketplace Local Business Corrections Text Alerts Sports Sports Home DC Preps NIU Huskies HuskieWire podcast Get App Bears Text Alerts Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Other Sports Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features Features Home Get App A&E Food Health Lifestyle Neighbors Scene TV Listings Community Opinion Opinion Home Our View Letters to the Editor National Columnists Local Columnists Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Anniversary Announcements Another Year Older Birth Announcements Birthday announcements Death Notice Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Prairie Flowers Press Releases Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Us Coupons Deals E-Edition Follow Us Photo Lists Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Public Notices Register Subscribe Subscriber Services The MidWeek Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Valley Life Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Huskie Wire Features Opinion Obits Video Text Alerts Newsletter Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified VAC ready to serve more food for Meals on Wheels Published: Thursday, Oct. 20, 2016 11:40 p.m. CST • Updated: Thursday, Oct. 20, 2016 11:41 p.m. CST Caption(Matthew Apgar – mapgar@shawmedia.com) Meals On Wheels driver John Davis of DeKalb makes room for cold food inside a refrigerated compartment on the side of a new food delivery vehicle Wednesday at the Voluntary Action Center in Sycamore. The organization received a grant from the Walmart Foundation of $92,000, allowing for the purchase of two new food delivery vehicles, called "hot shots", which have heated and refrigerated compartments. Caption(Matthew Apgar – mapgar@shawmedia.com) Meals On Wheels driver John Davis of DeKalb loads hot meals into a heated compartment on the side of a new food delivery vehicle at the Voluntary Action Center on Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2016 in Sycamore. The organization received a grant from the Walmart Foundation of $92,000, allowing for the purchase of two new food delivery vehicles, called "hot shots", which have heated and refrigerated compartments. Caption(Matthew Apgar – mapgar@shawmedia.com) Adrienne Soroka of DeKalb packs meals at the Voluntary Action Center on Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2016 in Sycamore. The organization received a grant from the Walmart Foundation of $92,000, allowing for the purchase of two new food delivery vehicles, called "hot shots", which have heated and refrigerated compartments. Caption(Matthew Apgar – mapgar@shawmedia.com) Mary Alessi of Genoa packs meals at the Voluntary Action Center on Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2016 in Sycamore. The organization received a grant from the Walmart Foundation of $92,000, allowing for the purchase of two new food delivery vehicles, called "hot shots", which have heated and refrigerated compartments. By DAILY CHRONICLE- news@daily-chronicle.com SYCAMORE – Voluntary Action Center is a step closer to expanding its meal delivery programs thanks to a $92,000 grant from the Walmart Foundation. VAC unveiled two new “hot shot” vehicles at a ceremony Thursday at its Sycamore facility, 1606 Bethany Road. The food delivery vehicles are equipped with hot and cold compartments to ensure proper temperature regulation for food transported as part of VAC’s Meals on Wheels program. A grant from the Walmart Foundation’s State Giving Program was used to buy the vehicles. “Meals on Wheels continues to a good service to seniors and others who cannot prepare their own meals,” DeKalb Mayor John Rey said. “Citizens receive benefit from Walmart partnering with this generous support.” Rey said the donation underscored the importance of public-private partnerships. The vehicles allow VAC to replace part of its aging fleet of vehicles and expand meal delivery service to rural areas that previously were too far away for safe delivery, according to a news release. In addition to food service for the Meals on Wheels program, VAC plans to use the vehicles to serve meals to students during the summer as part of the free and reduced lunch program. VAC serves meals to several sites in DeKalb County, including Camp Power in University Village, as part of that effort, VAC Executive Director Ellen Rogers said. Voluntary Action Center, a nonprofit organization, provides transportation and nutritional services in DeKalb, LaSalle, Putnam, Bureau and Kendall counties. Rogers said the Meals on Wheels program would be expanded once the state starts paying it bills and service cuts have been restored. “At the Walmart Foundation, we know how important it is to have access to healthy, affordable food,” said Jim Haager, manager of the Rochelle Walmart store. “We’re proud to support VAC and their efforts to help the residents of DeKalb, LaSalle, Putnam, Bureau counties live better.” Related Links Marlyn Burkart, founder of Marlyn's Majorettes, dies Propane storage facility plans up for another vote Sycamore library board picks new leader 4-day volunteer event kicks off for Feed My Starving Children Sycamore adds stop sign, parking restrictions downtown Sycamore City Council to review budget adjustments Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Daily Chronicle. More News Marlyn Burkart, founder of Marlyn's Majorettes, diesNov. 14, 2016 - 5:40 pm 10th annual Gobbler Gallop 5K is Nov. 19Nov. 14, 2016 - 5:30 am Barbed Wire Betties open fourth season at Huntley Middle SchoolNov. 14, 2016 - 5:30 am Cortland Lions Club hosts seventh annual Turkey TrotNov. 14, 2016 - 12:23 am Sycamore fundraiser aims to find permanent spot to display fire engine from 1923Nov. 14, 2016 - 12:20 am Photos: Pictures of the Week Nov. 6 - Nov. 12Nov. 14, 2016 - 12:34 am Reader Poll How do you get rid of leaves in your yard? Bag them Rake them to the curb Burn them I don't    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2016 Daily Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in DeKalb, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital

null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars More Home News Monmouth Ocean Data Universe Watchdog Opinion Sports Life Things To Do Dining Obituaries USA TODAY NETWORK Photo-Video Weather Archives USA TODAY Classified Insider Member Guide Jobs Homes Cars Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Search Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart opens training academy in Williamstown The academy, which is the first in New Jersey, is one of 200 academies planned across the country designed to help associates. Post to Facebook Walmart opens training academy in Williamstown The academy, which is the first in New Jersey, is one of 200 academies planned across the country designed to help associates.  Check out this story on app.com: http://on.app.com/2eyBG3T {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Walmart opens training academy in Williamstown Celeste E. Whittaker, @cp_CWhittaker 10:22 p.m. EDT October 20, 2016 Walmart regional manager Thomas Underwood (right in suit) and others cut the ribbon as they celebrate the grand opening of the training academy at the Walmart store in Williamstown on South Blackhorse Pike. The training academy is the retail giant's first in New Jersey and will be among 200 across the country. There were 50 hourly supervisors and department managers that graduated from the academy on Thursday morning. (Photo: Photo provided) WILLIAMSTOWN – Holly Ford is proud to say she’s a graduate now. Ford was one of 50 Walmart employees who graduated Thursday morning from a new training academy inside the Walmart store here. The New Gretna native, who is a department manager in the lawn and garden section, has worked at Walmart for 22 years, the last five at the Williamstown store. She makes the hour-long commute each day from Burlington County. “It was very exciting,” said Ford, who got to wear a cap and gown. “I never graduated high school, so to do this, it was like amazing. I never thought it would happen ever. I was excited. I was so proud. This is an amazing program, it really is, and everybody just needs to give it a chance. When you go in with an open mind, you have that chance. The training academy inside the Walmart at 1840 South Black Horse Pike is the first in the state and one of four planned for the region. Two more are planned for North Jersey and one for New York. The retail giant, which is also celebrating its 25th year of operations in New Jersey, plans to open 200 training academies across the country, which are all scheduled to open by the end of 2017. Walmart opened its first New Jersey store in Turnersville in 1991 and now has more than 70 locations throughout the state with more than 20,000 employees. The company’s plan is for the academies to give hourly supervisors and department managers hands-on training in the classroom and on the sales floor, which it says will help them gain retail skills and knowledge to run their specific departments, ultimately helping the people they supervise and improving the experience for customers. "This is a really good learning experience for all of us. I’ve been with Walmart for over 33 years. The training academies are by far the best thing that I have seen Walmart do to train hourly associates, ever," said Thomas Underwood, Walmart regional general manager. The crop of graduates from the Williamstown store all work at the location, but that won’t always be the case with the academy graduates. Each academy across the country will train associates from approximately 25 nearby stores in two-week sessions. More than 140,000 hourly associates will be trained around the country over the course of a year. Each academy, located in or adjacent to a Walmart Supercenter, will have its own team of about 14 associates with retail operations experience to lead the training. Jacqueline Williams, a Williamstown resident, also graduated early Thursday morning. A claims supervisor at the store, Williams said the training academy helped to reinvigorate her. “I wasn’t really enthused about it at first,” said Williams, a 19-year Walmart employee. “As we were sitting in the class, it was what you’ve kind of been asking for, for a long time. If you know anything about Walmart, you have all these stores, all these departments. I could call four different stores for some help or advice and you might come up with four different answers. It wasn’t real cohesive. From the class, it reminded me how it was when I first started ...The company, they hear us. That’s like the best thing.” Walmart, which has 1.5 million employees in the U.S. and 2.3 million workers worldwide, raised its minimum wage to $9 per hour in 2015 and $10 this year. According to the company, full-time hourly associates in New Jersey earn an average of $13.98. The New Jersey minimum wage is $8.25. Recently, Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a minimum wage hike, which would’ve raised it to $15. The federal minimum wage has been $7.25 since 2009. For years, the retail giant had been criticized for its low pay structure and labor practices, and has also faced legal battles with employees in the past. In April, Walmart, Inc., lost its appeal of a multimillion dollar class-action lawsuit to employees from Pennsylvania who said they had to work through breaks. The 186,000 current and former employees had been owed $140 million of the $187 million they sought and are due $224 million with interest. The suit first came up in 2006. Brandy Jordan, senior director of human resources for the Northeast Division for Walmart, said the training academies are not a reaction to anything. “This is not a PR stunt. It’s not to address any of the negative concerns in the media. This is about it was the right thing to do for our associates," Jordan said. “…Over the course of the last 18 months, Walmart’s invested over $2.7 billion into our hourly associates and we’re very proud that the academies are a portion of our investment.” Said Underwood: “Something Doug McMillon, our CEO, is very much behind is making sure we offer our customers the best shopping experience we possibly can. This is one way of doing that.” Walmart also offers a program called Pathways, which Jordan said is a computer-based training program that helps serve the needs of entry-level hourly associates. “We’ve had that program in effect for almost a year,” she said. “We provide them entry-level skill set training. We also start to prepare them for their next role. The academies pick up at our hourly supervisor level for associates.” Asked how it felt to pull that tassel over across her cap, Ford got a little emotional. “I could’ve cried,” she said. “My mom was out there. It was very exciting. I can imagine what it would’ve been like to graduate high school. I didn’t get the chance to do that.” Celeste E. Whittaker; (856) 486-2437; cwhittaker@gannettnj.com CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2eyBG3T More Stories CDC: Bacterial infections affect nursing home patients Nov. 14, 2016, 10:16 a.m. APP at a glance: Women and Trump, Springsteen and bikes Nov. 14, 2016, 9:40 a.m. Giants part of seminal moments on Monday Night Football Nov. 14, 2016, 1:16 p.m.


Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN The Journal Record Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Home / Opinion / Lot Lines / Lot Lines: When the market gives you lemons, distribute lemonade Lot Lines: When the market gives you lemons, distribute lemonade By: J. David Chapman Guest Columnist October 20, 2016 0 A significant transaction took place in the national retail market recently when the world’s largest retailer paid more than $3 billion for the fast-growing online retailer Jet.com. Wal-Mart bought the company in an effort to fight off competition from Amazon, the online industry leader. In 2015, Amazon saw a 97-percent increase in year-over-year sales. Its phenomenal increase is chipping away at the sales-of-brick and mortar national retail chains, like Wal-Mart, Target and Barnes & Noble. Those of us in real estate academia have been predicting this trend for years, but the purchase of Jet.com by Wal-Mart finally confirms what we believed. At the same time, Wal-Mart announced it will slow new store openings and focus on increasing sales in the online space. A month ago Ted Jones, chief economist and senior vice president for Stewart Title Guaranty Co., presented data to the Oklahoma real estate community that showed retail and industrial as the strongest real estate segments in Oklahoma City. While residential and office segments appear to be slowing, rents for retail and industrial space continue to show gains in price per square foot. This latest move by Wal-Mart will create the necessity of other large retailers to counter the move by increasing their focus in the online retail space to compete with Amazon and Wal-Mart. Local retailers relying on brick-and-mortar sales will need to justify their less convenient and more expensive shopping method by concentrating on the customer experience, thereby creating a high-end destination atmosphere in addition to a concierge shopping experience. While the continued consumer move to online purchases is probably not good news for retail in Oklahoma City, it could be really good news for the growing industrial space in our market. With access to interstate highways, rail infrastructure, underutilized airport capacity, relatively inexpensive land, and a centralized location in the middle of the United States, Oklahoma City is one of the most attractive regional and national distribution plays in the country. The current investment in large brick-and-mortar retail stores might just be repositioned in the large, modernized distribution centers to feed this growing online marketplace. When given lemons, make and distribute lemonade. J. David Chapman is an associate professor of finance and real estate at the University of Central Oklahoma (jchapman7@uco.edu). Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Amazon J. David Chapman Jet.com Lot Lines Stewart Title Guaranty Co. Wal-Mart 8:18 pm Thu, October 20, 2016 The Journal Record J. David Chapman Tagged with: Amazon J. David Chapman Jet.com Lot Lines Stewart Title Guaranty Co. Wal-Mart Related Articles McDougall: Obama finds real world with natural gas November 11, 2016 Vaughn: The future of health care November 11, 2016 Morgan: Time for business to lead the way November 11, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Express to give staff $5K for child care by Dale Denwalt Customers praise PSO rate decision by Sarah Terry-Cobo McClendon's estate rejects Tulsan's $500,000 claim, suggests forgery by Dale Denwalt Edmond council to consider lifestyle center Monday by Molly M. Fleming Penn Square to add 23,000-square-foot outbuilding by Molly M. Fleming Special Reports Company left Hugo with unsafe water Poor construction at Moore schools Human Trafficking: The bonds that bind them Briefs Arvest hires mortgage banker November 14, 2016 Allstate Insurance office opens in Edmond November 14, 2016 IBC earnings up for quarter November 14, 2016 Hamm named Chief Roughneck November 11, 2016 Regional Food Bank names Fitzgerald as CEO November 11, 2016 OCCC selects Hall of Fame inductees November 11, 2016 Paycom appoints Duques, Watts to board November 11, 2016 OMRF announces new scientific leaders November 11, 2016 Leadership Oklahoma seeks applications November 11, 2016 Conservation stewardship program seeks applications November 11, 2016 National News Email Alerts Enter Your Email Address: Daily Email Update Event Notification Top Posts & Pages McClendon's estate rejects Tulsan's $500,000 claim, suggests forgery Free Market Friday: The roster is set Penn Square to add 23,000-square-foot outbuilding SandRidge plans additional layoffs Tulsa manufacturer files bankruptcy Featured Opinion McDougall: Obama finds real world with natural gasPresident Obama has finally figured out the real world in regard to energy policy, acknowledging that American natural gas and the time-tested process of hydraulic fracturing have been major contributing factors to the emissions reductions his administration desires. Daily Cartoon Nov. 14, 2016 November 11, 2016 People on the Move Counselor pleads guilty to Medicaid fraud November 9, 2016 Oseco appoints VP of sales, marketing November 9, 2016 Oklahoma forester honored November 9, 2016 Rupe Helmer hires director of acquisitions November 9, 2016 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Oh, deer: Meat processors expect average season Local bankers hope Trump unwinds Dodd-Frank SandRidge after bankruptcy: A closer look at looming layoffs Corrections chief wants out of OMES mandate Express to give staff $5K for child care Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2016 The Journal Record | 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 | (405)235-3100 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Two injured in fire north of La Center released from hospital Police investigate attempted robbery in downtown Vancouver Records: Blanchette viewed with ‘fear, distrust’ by staff Team effort brings back traditional free Thanksgiving dinners Vietnam veteran thanks nurse for aid during recovery FBI list: La Center safer than most from burglary Off Beat: Family traditions big part of story for WWII veteran Fred Bridges Morning Press: Election takeaways; Veterans Day Here’s how Clark County voted in presidential race 5 takeaways after Tuesday’s election Vietnam veteran thanks nurse for aid during recovery In a week when America is thanking those who have served, a Vietnam veteran wanted to thank his nurse. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week How Clark County college football players fared, Nov. 12 Weekly high school sports schedule, Nov. 14-19 For state playoffs, just set matchups and play it out Goal line defense works out for Seahawks this time Lillard scored 32 in Blazers’ win over Denver Washington State rolls past Cal, 56-21 High school scoreboard 11/13 Skyview beats Chiawana 38-28 to advance to 4A state quarterfinals Columbia River girls swim to sixth-place finish at state meet Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories American flight attendants report more uniform issues Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection for a second time Siemens to buy Oregon’s Mentor Graphics Oregon timber interests welcome Trump win as environmentalists worry Forest Service to hire 1,000 seasonal workers in northwest For ECB and Fed, Trump complicates decisions on rate policy Ilani casino preparing for hiring spree Grocery stores dish up deals Boeing 767 blast poses a puzzle Siemens to buy Oregon’s Mentor Graphics FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — German industrial equipment maker Siemens AG said it has agreed to buy U.S.-based software firm Mentor… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Runner dressed as Elvis wins Vegas Rock ‘n’ Roll Marathon Brightest moon in almost 69 years lights up sky around globe Keeping your head during the holidays Open Studios tour lets the curious see how art is created Beautiful Bora Bora bucket-list destination Redmayne embraces magic of Potter world Martha Stewart helps make Thanksgiving easy Check It Out: Take off with books about some high-flying heroes ‘Faithful’ mixes hope, tragedy Brightest moon in almost 69 years lights up sky around globe BEIJING — The brightest moon in almost 69 years is lighting up the sky in a treat for star watchers… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Letter: Washington can feel proud Letter: Value Village deserves blame Letter: Rioters deserve no respect Letter: Herrera Beutler on wrong side In Our View: Foundation for Housing Jayne: This nation is strong enough to survive Donald Trump Will: Election a rejection of Obama legacy Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Union asks court to reverse Wal-Mart trespassing order By ANDREW DeMILLO, Associated Press Published: October 20, 2016, 4:34 PM A   A LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — A labor union that has demonstrated against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. asked the Arkansas Supreme Court on Thursday to reverse a judge’s decision barring it from entering the retail giant’s property for anything other than shopping. An attorney for the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union argued that the National Labor Relations Board, not the Benton County judge, should have jurisdiction over the matter. Wal-Mart had sought the order against the union and the Organization United for Respect at Wal-Mart in response to the group picketing at its stores over its pay and benefits. George Wiszynski, the attorney for the union, said the Bentonville-based company’s trespassing complaint was nearly identical to one it had also filed with the national board. “At the end of the day, Wal-Mart relied on the same conduct for its unfair labor practice, its National Labor Relations Board charge as it does for its lawsuit,” Wiszynski told justices. Wal-Mart’s attorney, however, said trespassing is a state issue and was properly before the judge. “Trespass, repeated, defiant trespass absolutely is a significant state interest,” Steven Wheeless told justices. “Second, there is no risk of interference between a state court hearing a trespass claim and a labor board hearing about a labor violation that arose during the trespass.” Wal-Mart sued the union over the demonstrations, which it said has included “flash mobs” where demonstrators have banged on pots and pans march and chant through its stores. Other activities have included rallies and picketing at its stores and offices, the company said. The retail giant has filed similar suits against the union in Florida and Texas in recent years. The union has also argued that the judge’s order was too broad since it bars entering Wal-Mart’s property for “non-shopping” activities, rather than barring the demonstrations that prompted the retailer’s complaint. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Wal-Mart pushes into Chinese e-commerce with deliveries The retailer launched several new initiatives this week through a tie-up with China’s second-largest e-commerce website. JD.com is China's second-largest e-commerce website, with almost 200 million active users.  (Jason Lee / Reuters)   By Bloomberg Thu., Oct. 20, 2016 Wal-Mart Stores has hit the reset button on its China strategy in dramatic fashion. The world’s largest retailer is making an ambitious push into e-commerce in China and aims to deliver goods from its stores around the world to Chinese consumers within hours. Shoppers in select remote villages could even see their Wal-Mart products being delivered by drones as part of a pilot project by its Chinese partner, JD.com. After unsuccessful efforts to scale up its own e-commerce network, Wal-Mart launched several new initiatives this week through a tie-up with JD.com — China’s second-largest e-commerce website, with almost 200 million active users. With this partnership, Wal-Mart said it will now be able to deliver its goods, ranging from American vitamins to Japanese hand cream, to more than 90 per cent of China’s 1.4 billion consumers. “There isn’t another country in the world that represents the kind of retail growth opportunity that China does, given the growth rate of the market itself and the consumer demand here,” Chief executive officer Doug McMillon, 50, said in an interview in Beijing. “We see opportunities to partner together to provide goods to our customers, to leverage our supply chain and their digital capabilities.” Wal-Mart has a lot riding on its new online strategy aimed at getting a bigger slice of the world’s biggest e-commerce market. The retailer this month forecast that earnings will be flat the next two years while it invests in e-commerce. As it looks to China to fuel growth, cracking the Chinese online game will be more important than ever. Article Continued Below “They have found a clever way to leverage someone else’s network to help them sell things online, and it’s easier to jump on the back of JD.com,” said Chan Wai-Chan, a senior partner at Oliver Wyman’s Asia Pacific consumer practice. “They need to do something online to stop e-commerce from taking away their business. This is Wal-Mart’s solution.” Wal-Mart shares gained 12 per cent this year through Wednesday in New York trading, outperforming the Bloomberg World Retail Index, which was down 1.1 per cent. That still lagged the U.S.-listed stocks of its major e-commerce competitors, Amazon.com Inc. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., which gained 21 per cent and 28 per cent respectively over the period. McMillon, who took over the top role in 2014, said the initiatives will keep the company’s China operations on track to contribute a quarter of its global retail growth in the next five years. That’s despite sluggish sales at Wal-Mart’s retail stores in China while shoppers there increasingly turn to online websites for convenience. The strategy also gives it access to new Chinese consumers in smaller cities where Wal-Mart doesn’t operate stores. “The scale of the last mile here in China is unique — the economics related to it are different,” McMillon said. “We could have built this ourselves, but everything requires investment. What we are doing is being very deliberate about where we’re putting our resources and being open to working with others. In today’s world, there’s different ways to build that ecosystem that serves customers.” To reach customers, Wal-Mart is relying on JD.com and its extensive logistics and delivery network. JD.com founder and CEO Richard Liu said the company wants to build a fully-automated delivery infrastructure that includes automated warehouses and distribution centres, self-driving delivery cars and drones. The company is delivering products to a limited number of remote villages in southern China by drones. Villagers who order Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club products could see some goods flown to them, according to JD.com spokesperson Josh Gartner. Wal-Mart operates 420 stores and Sam’s Club membership outlets in the country. Wal-Mart’s global online sales are about $14 billion, or 3 per cent of worldwide revenue, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. About 20 per cent of China’s retail sales are online, according to Ben Hassing, senior vice-president for China e-commerce. Wal-Mart, which posted $482 billion in annual sales, doesn’t break out China revenue. The initiatives include guaranteed deliveries within two hours to customers who live within a few miles of 20 Wal-Mart stores initially. The U.S. retailer will also stock a JD.com warehouse with imported products from its stores globally to capitalize on Chinese consumers’ preference for overseas goods. That means such things as dried cranberries from the U.S., toothpaste from Japan and face masks from Korea available at Wal-Mart stores overseas will be available to Chinese consumers for the first time. The company plans to offer tens of thousands of items it imports from around the world to Chinese consumers within 18 months, Hassing said. The other twist: Sam’s Club stores’ upscale products are now available to all Chinese. A range of products from the membership store, which sells $3,000 rice cookers and $1,800 bottles of red wine, will be available for the first time to non-members online in China — at a 10-per-cent price premium. Wal-Mart has struggled in China with multiple attempts to get a foothold in the market since its entry two decades ago. In 2007, it acquired Taiwanese chain Trust-Mart, though the company struggled to integrate it into its wider business. In the last few years, it has pulled back on an expansion as it closed stores in mostly second- and third-tier cities while opening new ones at a slower pace. The new strategy follows Wal-Mart’s decision to sell its Chinese e-commerce platform Yihaodian in June in exchange for a 5 per cent stake in JD.com. The retailer had acquired full ownership in the business a year earlier, and the sale was seen by analysts as a retreat from China’s e-commerce market. Instead, the Bentonville, Ark.,-based company has used the relationship with the Chinese partner to grab Chinese consumers online. Earlier this month, Wal-Mart boosted its stake in JD.com to about 11 per cent. JD.com’s Liu said that Wal-Mart’s challenge with Yihaodian was that China’s e-commerce landscape has two major players — Alibaba and JD.com — and not much room for the rest. “I think Wal-Mart did have success with e-commerce,” Liu said in a separate interview conducted in Mandarin. “If not, we would not have given them so many shares when we acquired Yihaodian.” Liu said there is potential for the partnership to go global, especially with Wal-Mart’s $3.3-billion acquisition of U.S. e-commerce start-up Jet.com in August. “There’s great potential for us to cooperate with Jet.com to develop e-commerce markets globally after we align our supply chains in China,” he said. To gain the upper hand in the retail battlefront, McMillon says the company needs to be ready with an array of tools and platforms that serve customers. “What we’re seeing is that customers want it all: They want to save money, they want to save time, they want to have access to the merchandise they’re looking for and sometimes be surprised by a new item,” he said. “They want to do that in stores. They want to do it on a mobile device. Some day they’ll do it with a virtual-reality experience. They’ll get all of that.” With assistance from Bloomberg’s Shannon Pettypiece Read more about: China, Drone The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 11°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Joe Biden memes aim to get last laugh on Trump Tweets depict imaginary conversations of Obama trying to rein in his vice-president Joe Biden on pranks or worse against the incoming American president. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump News 2016-11-14 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In News 2016-11-14 Hillary Clinton: No Obama Pardon Issued, Clinton Didn’t Apply For One Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-14 Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Stranger Who Choked Baby At Walmart Is A Former N.J. Pastor — Will Face Charges For Assault News 0 0 0 October 20, 2016 Stranger Who Choked Baby At Walmart Is A Former N.J. Pastor — Will Face Charges For Assault Janice Malcolm On Thursday a 54-year-old man was brought before the courts to face charges for allegedly attacking and trying to choke a 4-month-old baby girl in a Walmart on Wednesday. The man was a stranger to the child and her parent, and only today did it become known that he is a former pastor from New Jersey. Oleh Zhownirovych was brought before a Johnson County District Court at 1:30 p.m. to face charges of felony aggravated battery and misdemeanor battery against a 4-month-old baby girl. Fox 4 KC reported that bail had been set for the former pastor from Clifton, New Jersey at $100,000 before he was scheduled to appear in a Johnson County court on Thursday afternoon. The man was captured after a mother sounded an alarm with the complaint that he had been trying to choke her baby. Man arrested this morning for trying to choke a baby inside an Overland Park Walmart.https://t.co/81TRkBgB7Z — tony rizzo (@trizzkc) October 19, 2016 The Overland Park police report stated that the incident occurred on Wednesday at approximately 7:23 a.m. in an Overland Park Walmart. The child and her mother had been in a check out line when Oleh Zhownirovych, who was a stranger to the pair, approached them and immediately put his hands around the baby’s neck and began to choke her in plain view of those at the Overland Park Walmart at 75th Street and Frontage Road. Leslee Wright, a spokesperson for Walmart, did let it be known though that the security guard had been quick to respond to the unfolding scene. The man is not a company employee but works for a security firm and though the company policy does not encourage security guards or bystanders to become physically involved in all altercations it was definitely the right thing to do here, as Wright agreed. “I think they did act heroically. We don’t know what would have happened to that child. I think this definitely rose to the level of potentially life and death.” When she spoke to the media, the baby girl’s mother Quisha Hill, said that when the stranger approached her, he had said to her that he was taking the baby moments before he attempted to drag the carrier out of the shopping cart she had it laid in. When the mother began to scream, the security guard, along with several bystanders, rushed to assist and managed to stop him from choking the baby. Hill was frantic as she recounted the moment. “I come in to grab couple items, and as I while I was at the counter top, speaking with the lady and bagging up my groceries, this random man comes out of nowhere and yanks the car seat out of the cart, has my baby, and he’s like I’m taking the baby, I’m stealing her. I’m taking her. Call 911. Call 911.” Walmart released a statement that they will be cooperating fully with investigators during the case and that their “main concern right now is for our customer and her child. We’re appalled this happened in our store.” The former pastor was held down by those who assisted the mother until the police were able to arrive. Witnesses say they believe that the man had been under the influence of either drugs or alcohol. According to NJ.com Oleh Zhownirovych had become a former pastor by choice, having left his post with the Ukrainian Orthodox Holy Ascension Cathedral in Clifton approximately 10 months ago. Man charged with trying to choke baby at Overland Park Walmart https://t.co/dRz6v96Zs7 pic.twitter.com/Db0p98qUtG — KMBC (@kmbc) October 20, 2016 The 4-month-old baby girl was not seriously injured by the attempt to choke her and was treated at the scene by the responding paramedics. The police said that the attack which the former pastor committed towards the child was meant to cause “great bodily harm, disfigurement or death” and is the reason for the felony aggravated battery charge. The charge for misdemeanor battery is between Zhownirovych and one of the men who helped subdue him. Oleh Zhownirovych is due back in court on October 27. [Featured Image by Johnson County (Kansas) Jail] Now Watch This: Klu Klux Klan To Celebrate Trump Victory With Parade Now Read This: PacketSled CEO Matt Harrigan Placed On Leave After Trump Death Threat Which He Says Was A Joke Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Janice Malcolm Tags: baby attacked, child assault, Walmart Attack Comments LATEST HEADLINES Will Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Get Back Together? Her Father Jon Voight Weighs In PacketSled CEO Matt Harrigan Placed On Leave After Trump Death Threat Which He Says Was A Joke Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Mandy Moore: ‘This Is Us’ Episode 7 Secret Will Divide The Pearson Family ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: November 14, ‘Survivor Series’ Go-Home Show — Live Updates Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies ‘Young & Restless’ Pedophile Corey Sligh Arrested For Child Molestation After His Parents Turned Him In NBA Trade Rumors: Enes Kanter To Raptors, Terrence Ross, And Patrick Patterson To Thunder Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 51.5k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 27.7k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.3k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.5k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.4k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 11.6k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines Rockstar Games Removes The Unlock Requirements On More ‘GTA Online’ Heist Vehicles This Week For The Third Anniversary Of ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ 0 0 0 Mandy Moore: ‘This Is Us’ Episode 7 Secret Will Divide The Pearson Family 7 0 0 Fake Facebook Trump News Brings Teens $3,000 Per Day: Ford Shifts From Mexico To Ohio Under President Obama, Not Trump 5 0 0 Is Donald Trump A White Supremacist? Upcoming KKK Parade And Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Cause Concern [Video] 2 0 0 Week 6 Thursday Night Football Preview: Saints At Panthers — Injury Updates, Fantasy Football Projections, Vegas Odds 1 0 0 Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home South Jersey Varsity Sports Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Living Blogs Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Top Videos More Home South Jersey Varsity Sports Weather Living Blogs Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Top Videos Social Follow Search User Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 641 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart opens training academy in Williamstown The academy, which is the first in New Jersey, is one of 200 academies planned across the U.S. to give hands-on training to supervisors and managers. Post to Facebook Walmart opens training academy in Williamstown The academy, which is the first in New Jersey, is one of 200 academies planned across the U.S. to give hands-on training to supervisors and managers.  Check out this story on courierpostonline.com: http://on.cpsj.com/2exNBiz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Walmart opens training academy in Williamstown Celeste E. Whittaker , @cp_CWhittaker 10:26 p.m. EDT October 20, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share The academy is the retail giant's first in New Jersey and among 200 which will be opened across the country. The academies aim to provide hourly supervisors and department managers with enhanced training. Buy Photo Walmart department manager Holly Ford looks over some fruit at the Walmart store in Williamstown. Ford was among 50 graduates of the newly-opened training academy at Walmart. The retail giant is also marking its 25th year in the Garden State. (Photo: Jose F. Moreno/Staff Photographer)Buy Photo 641 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE WILLIAMSTOWN – Holly Ford is proud to say she’s a graduate now. Ford was one of 50 Walmart employees who graduated Thursday morning from a new training academy inside the Walmart store here. SEE: Camden teacher gets surprise The New Gretna native, who is a department manager in the lawn and garden section, has worked at Walmart for 22 years, the last five at the Williamstown store. She makes the hour-long commute each day from Burlington County. “It was very exciting,” said Ford, who got to wear a cap and gown. “I never graduated high school, so to do this, it was like amazing. I never thought it would happen ever. I was excited. I was so proud. This is an amazing program, it really is, and everybody just needs to give it a chance. When you go in with an open mind, you have that chance. The training academy inside the Walmart at 1840 South Black Horse Pike is the first in the state and one of four planned for the region. Two more are planned for North Jersey and one for New York. The retail giant, which is also celebrating its 25th year of operations in New Jersey, plans to open 200 training academies across the country, which are all scheduled to open by the end of 2017. Walmart opened its first New Jersey store in Turnersville in 1991 and now has more than 70 locations throughout the state with more than 20,000 employees. The company’s plan is for the academies to give hourly supervisors and department managers hands-on training in the classroom and on the sales floor, which it says will help them gain retail skills and knowledge to run their specific departments, ultimately helping the people they supervise and improving the experience for customers. "This is a really good learning experience for all of us. I’ve been with Walmart for over 33 years. The training academies are by far the best thing that I have seen Walmart do to train hourly associates, ever," said Thomas Underwood, Walmart regional general manager. The crop of graduates from the Williamstown store all work at the location, but that won’t always be the case with the academy graduates. Each academy across the country will train associates from approximately 25 nearby stores in two-week sessions. Buy Photo Walmart's Jacqueline Williams arranges fresh cupcakes at the bakery section at Walmart in Williamstown. Williams is one of 50 recent graduates of the newly-opened training academy at the Walmart in Williamstown. The academy is the first the retail giant has opened in New Jersey and is among 200 that will be opened across the country. Williams is a claims supervisor.  (Photo: Jose F. Moreno/Staff Photographer) More than 140,000 hourly associates will be trained around the country over the course of a year. Each academy, located in or adjacent to a Walmart Supercenter, will have its own team of about 14 associates with retail operations experience to lead the training. Jacqueline Williams, a Williamstown resident, also graduated early Thursday morning. A claims supervisor at the store, Williams said the training academy helped to reinvigorate her. “I wasn’t really enthused about it at first,” said Williams, a 19-year Walmart employee. “As we were sitting in the class, it was what you’ve kind of been asking for, for a long time. If you know anything about Walmart, you have all these stores, all these departments. I could call four different stores for some help or advice and you might come up with four different answers. It wasn’t real cohesive. From the class, it reminded me how it was when I first started ...The company, they hear us. That’s like the best thing.” Walmart, which has 1.5 million employees in the U.S. and 2.3 million workers worldwide, raised its minimum wage to $9 per hour in 2015 and $10 this year. According to the company, full-time hourly associates in New Jersey earn an average of $13.98. The New Jersey minimum wage is $8.25. Recently, Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a minimum wage hike, which would’ve raised it to $15. The federal minimum wage has been $7.25 since 2009. For years, the retail giant had been criticized for its low pay structure and labor practices, and has also faced legal battles with employees in the past. ALSO SEE: Mount Laurel in line for major road project In April, Walmart, Inc., lost its appeal of a multimillion dollar class-action lawsuit to employees from Pennsylvania who said they had to work through breaks. The 186,000 current and former employees had been owed $140 million of the $187 million they sought and are due $224 million with interest. The suit first came up in 2006. Brandy Jordan, senior director of human resources for the Northeast Division for Walmart, said the training academies are not a reaction to anything. “This is not a PR stunt. It’s not to address any of the negative concerns in the media. This is about it was the right thing to do for our associates," Jordan said. “…Over the course of the last 18 months, Walmart’s invested over $2.7 billion into our hourly associates and we’re very proud that the academies are a portion of our investment.” Buy Photo Esther Moralez Ortez, a Walmart employee, carries fruit in the store. Ortez graduated from the newly-opened training academy at the Williamstown store on Thursday morning. She's worked at the store for a year after transferring from Puerto Rico.  (Photo: Jose F. Moreno/Staff Photographer) Said Underwood: “Something Doug McMillon, our CEO, is very much behind is making sure we offer our customers the best shopping experience we possibly can. This is one way of doing that.” Walmart also offers a program called Pathways, which Jordan said is a computer-based training program that helps serve the needs of entry-level hourly associates. “We’ve had that program in effect for almost a year,” she said. “We provide them entry-level skill set training. We also start to prepare them for their next role. The academies pick up at our hourly supervisor level for associates.” Asked how it felt to pull that tassel over across her cap, Ford got a little emotional. “I could’ve cried,” she said. “My mom was out there. It was very exciting. I can imagine what it would’ve been like to graduate high school. I didn’t get the chance to do that.” Celeste E. Whittaker; (856) 486-2437; cwhittaker@gannettnj.com Walmart regional manager Thomas Underwood (right in suit) and others cut the ribbon as they celebrate the grand opening of the training academy at the Walmart store in Williamstown on South Blackhorse Pike. The training academy is the retail giant's first in New Jersey and will be among 200 across the country. There were 50 hourly supervisors and department managers that graduated from the academy on Thursday morning.  (Photo: Photo provided) Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, crime, weather, traffic and more. Search "Courier-Post" in the app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app | iPad app. And be sure to 'like' us on Facebook! 641 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.cpsj.com/2exNBiz TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Deteriorating hospital building in South Jersey 0:51 In the rescue business 1:15 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 More Stories Ryan Mathews runs for 2 scores, Eagles beat Falcons 24-15 Nov. 13, 2016, 4:28 p.m. FIELD HOCKEY: Eastern, Haddonfield, Eustace claim state titles Nov. 12, 2016, 6:11 p.m. Operation Safe Haven Nov. 11, 2016, 9:35 p.m. More fake news on the Web — this time, via Google Nov. 14, 2016, 7:49 p.m.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ Urban South more than doubles brewing capacity after 7 months in operation Q&A: How will a Trump presidency affect employers? Hood Container to add jobs, upgrades at St. Francisville facility New technology lab headed to Algiers US stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains Vroom: Gov’t to require hybrid, electric cars to make noise Marine research center will break ground in Gulfport Initial unemployment claims in Louisiana rise Trump, GOP face no easy task to ‘repeal and replace’ Obamacare Report: Tulane grad on Supreme Court short list New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Labor / Union asks court to reverse Wal-Mart trespassing order Union asks court to reverse Wal-Mart trespassing order By: The Associated Press October 20, 2016 0 A labor union that has demonstrated against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. asked the Arkansas Supreme Court on Thursday to reverse a judge’s decision barring it from entering the retail giant’s property for anything other than shopping. An attorney for the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union argued that the National Labor Relations Board, not the Benton County judge, should have jurisdiction over the matter. Wal-Mart had sought the order against the union and the Organization United for Respect at Wal-Mart in response to the group demonstrating and picketing at its stores over its pay and benefits. George Wiszynski, the attorney for the union, said the Bentonville-based company’s trespassing complaint was nearly identical to one it had also filed with the national board. “At the end of the day, Wal-Mart relied on the same conduct for its unfair labor practice, its National Labor Relations Board charge as it does for its lawsuit,” Wiszynski told justices. Wal-Mart’s attorney, however, said trespassing is a state issue and was properly before the judge. “Trespass, repeated, defiant trespass absolutely is a significant state interest,” Steven Wheeless told justices. “Second, there is no risk of interference between a state court hearing a trespass claim and a labor board hearing about a labor violation that arose during the trespass.” Wal-Mart sued the union over the demonstrations, which it said has included “flash mobs” where demonstrators have banged on pots and pans march and chant through its stores. Other activities have included rallies and picketing at its stores and offices, the company said. The retail giant has filed similar suits against the union in Florida and Texas in recent years. The union has also argued that the judge’s order was too broad since it bars entering Wal-Mart’s property for “non-shopping” activities, rather than barring the demonstrations and other conduct that prompted the retail giant’s complaint. The justices did not indicate when they would rule in the case. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google union Wal-Mart 3:17 pm Thu, October 20, 2016 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: union Wal-Mart Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Report: Tulane grad on Supreme Court short list November 14, 2016 Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit November 14, 2016 Judge revives parish’s lawsuit over coastal wetlands loss November 11, 2016 Money US stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains November 14, 2016 American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection, again November 14, 2016 Tech Talk New technology lab headed to Algiers November 14, 2016 Vroom: Gov’t to require hybrid, electric cars to make noise November 14, 2016 Computer outage briefly grounds flights on several airlines November 11, 2016 Ports & Transportation Vroom: Gov’t to require hybrid, electric cars to make noise November 14, 2016 Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit November 14, 2016 Computer outage briefly grounds flights on several airlines November 11, 2016 Drill Bits Trump eyes oil billionaire, lawmaker for energy secretary November 14, 2016 Senate GOP leader says he asked Trump to back Keystone November 11, 2016 US stocks mostly down in midday trading; oil heads lower November 11, 2016 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Urban South more than doubles brewing capacity after 7 months in operation Q&A: How will a Trump presidency affect employers? Hood Container to add jobs, upgrades at St. Francisville facility New technology lab headed to Algiers US stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2016 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Help Center  Newsletters  Subscribe  P-Edition Login  Advertise Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Obits Register Connect CARS JOBS HOMES ADS AAA  Oct. 20, 2016 2:40 PM ET Union asks court to reverse Wal-Mart trespassing order By ANDREW DeMILLOBy ANDREW DeMILLO, Associated Press         AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — A labor union that has demonstrated against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. asked the Arkansas Supreme Court Thursday to reverse a judge's decision barring it from entering the retail giant's property for anything other than shopping. Attorneys for the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union and Wal-Mart argued that the National Labor Relations Board, not the Benton County judge, should have jurisdiction over the matter. Wal-Mart had sought the order against the union and the Organization United for Respect at Wal-Mart in response to the group demonstrating and picketing at its stores over its pay and benefits. George Wiszynski, the attorney for the union, said the Bentonville-based company's trespassing complaint was nearly identical to one it had also filed with the national board. "At the end of the day, Wal-Mart relied on the same conduct for its unfair labor practice, its National Labor Relations Board charge as it does for its lawsuit," Wiszynski told justices. Wal-Mart's attorney, however, said trespassing is a state issue and was properly before the judge. "Trespass, repeated, defiant trespass absolutely is a significant state interest," Steven Wheeless told justices. "Second, there is no risk of interference between a state court hearing a trespass claim and a labor board hearing about a labor violation that arose during the trespass." Wal-Mart sued the union over the demonstrations, which it said has included "flash mobs" where demonstrators have banged on pots and pans march and chant through its stores. Other activities have included rallies and picketing at its stores and offices, the company said. The retail giant has filed similar suits against the union in Florida and Texas in recent years. The union has also argued that the judge's order was too broad since it bars entering Wal-Mart's property for "non-shopping" activities, rather than barring the demonstrations and other conduct that prompted the retail giant's complaint. The justices did not indicate when they would rule in the case. ___ Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ademillo ___ This story has been corrected to show the judge is from Benton County, not Washington County.Associated Press Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: Business, General news, State courts, Labor unions, Labor issues, Courts, Judiciary, Government and politics, State governments, Social issues, Social affairs People, Places and Companies: Arkansas       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Video Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © The Press-Enterprise. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Site Help | User Agreement | Site Map Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Technology > Wal-Mart partners with IBM to track food shipments in China Technology October 20, 2016 Wal-Mart partners with IBM to track food shipments in China Retailers will use blockchain software to trace meat and vegetables through supply chain. By DC Velocity Staff Comment Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has announced a partnership with IBM Corp. to use "blockchain" software technology to improve its track and trace capabilities on food shipments in China. Working in collaboration with China's Tsinghua University, the partners will track shipments of meat, vegetables, and other products through the Chinese supply chain in an effort to improve food safety and reduce contamination. Blockchain technology can provide better supply chain transparency than manual, paper-based approaches by creating a secure, digital record of transactions that preserves the chain of custody as goods flow from suppliers to distributors to retailers. That process is particularly important in food logistics, where expired or counterfeit products can pose safety risks to consumers. Also known as distributed ledger technology, blockchain is a shared, immutable software record for recording the history of transactions, IBM says. Until recently, the technology was known primarily for being the foundation of the bitcoin online electronic currency, but has recently been adopted for business use in industries such as finance, banking, and healthcare. "Advanced technology has reached into so many aspects of modern life, but it has lagged in food traceability, and in particular in creating more secure food supply chains," IBM's Bridget van Kralingen, senior vice president, industry platforms, said in a release. Walmart will use the technology in its recently opened Walmart Food Safety Collaboration Center in Beijing. #Track and Trace Systems #Software & Systems #Logistics Resources Mentioned In This Article IBM Tsinghua University Wal-Mart Related Articles Descartes pays $2.7 million for Australian health-care software vendor Intelligrated launches software platform for robotic palletizing systems Freightos launches freight rate calculator Internet of Things goes to sea Who needs a warehouse when you have a printer? More Videos » Technology Videos Orchestrating Your Next Best Move With Real-Time Visibility Logistics technology tools that matter Ruan: A Culture Enhanced by People, Process and Technology Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : Wal-Mart partners with IBM to track food shipments in China">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from Rapid Response Solutions Ltd, SeaLand, J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc., XPO Logistics and Sealed Air Corp., Qimarox, and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. FedEx LTL unit driving down rates to strengthen parcel business, analyst says 2. UPS warns it may pull traffic from rails if switching proposal succeeds 3. AGVs pioneer new paths in the warehouse 4. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 5. Big data, analytics could be a welcome tonic for the beleaguered liner shipping trade 6. Detroit—the next big logistics center? 7. REI's newest distribution center is a model of sustainability 8. FedEx narrows threshold of dimensional pricing on U.S. parcel shipments, hurting shippers 9. Uber launches trucking marketplace 10. Three ways to make omnichannel affordable News from our sister publication Direct material procurement woes and how to fix them Three ways to combat the risk of forced labor in supply chains Food from CSCMP Stop Hunger Now event being used to support relief efforts in Haiti CSCMP Educators Conference fosters collaboration between academia and business world Divesting an asset? How you can maximize its value and sale price Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2016 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > This Beaten-Down Retailer Is A Screaming Bargain (DLTR, DG) Choose this retail stock bargain for your portfolio today By , Street Authority  |  Oct 20, 2016, 12:20 pm EST     Popular Posts: The Market Hasn’t Seen An Opportunity Like This Since 1933 Join In On This Win-Win Takeover Play (INVN) This Unlucky Biotech Stock Has Entered The Value-Buy Zone (OPHT) Recent Posts: 3 Stocks Where You Don’t Have To Settle For Average Yields (CSCO, IP, ABBV) 2 Behind-The-Scenes Winners Of An Unstoppable Trend (CA, NEWR) This Unlucky Biotech Stock Has Entered The Value-Buy Zone (OPHT) View All Posts We are a nation of discount shoppers. Just like stock market investors love to buy shares at a discount, consumers love to find bargains when shopping. Retailers exploit this discount purchasing desire in numerous ways. Consumer savvy sellers do everything from issuing discount coupons and participating in loss-leader Groupon-type programs, to holding sales events and carefully setting price amounts to psychologically pleasing figures. Discount shopping is such a dominant force that the International Monetary Fund listed discount retailer Walmart Stores, Inc. (WMT) as 28th on the list of the world’s largest economies in 2013. This means that the discount retailer’s economic power is greater than most nations, serving as a testament to the success of the discount shopping model. The Next Level Of Discount Shopping An entire industry has emerged pushing the discount concept to the extreme in the brick & mortar space. Known as dollar stores, these deep-discount retailers have become a thriving industry, while creating over $25 billion in annual revenue. Dollar stores are defined as stores that sell most of their merchandise at a single low price. As the name suggests, the price is generally $1.00 or so per item. These retailers focus on regions that are considered too small to support a Walmart, yet have enough of a population to allow the dollar store concept to thrive. In September 2014 a survey conducted by Symphony IRI revealed that approximately 65% of all consumer packaged goods were purchased in dollar stores. This figure indicates the closing gap between mass merchandisers, supercenters, and dollar stores, and is an incredibly bullish metric. Right now there is tremendous opportunity in both of the leading dollar store retailers, Dollar General Corp. (DG) and Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR).  In 2015, Dollar General’s net sales hit just under $20.50 billion, while Dollar Tree posted net sales of approximately $15.5 billion. I believe that there is opportunity in both stocks. However Dollar Tree appears to offer the best opportunity right now for investors. 7 Stocks to Buy That Will Grow by Double Digits Dollar Tree, a Fortune 200 Company, ran 14,129 stores across 48 U.S. states and five Canadian provinces as of the end of the second quarter. Stores operate under the brands of Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, and Dollar Tree Canada. According to results posted on August 22 the company performed well in the second quarter of 2016, with net sales growing by nearly 66% to $5 billion, up from $3 billion in the same period last year. (Third quarter 2016 results are expected in November.) Once adjusted for the impact of Canadian dollar changes, same-store sales posted growth of 1.1%. This positive same-store sales growth was driven by increases in both customer count and average ticket, meaning that not only is the company attracting more customers, those who visit are spending more. Gross profit ramped higher by just over $657 million, or nearly 77%, to $1.51 billion in the second quarter, compared to $855.2 million year over year. The increase was predicated upon just over $588 million of gross profit for Family Dollar, as well as a 9% increase in Dollar Tree’s gross profit in the second quarter. Bob Sasser, Chief Executive Officer, stated, “I am very pleased with the Company’s overall performance in our second quarter. Through what continues to be a challenging retail sales environment, we delivered gross margin improvement and managed expenses actually to provide earnings at the top end of our guidance range. In our Dollar Tree segment, we improved our operating margin and delivered our 34th consecutive quarter of positive same-store sales.” Despite these great numbers, Wall Street focused on the EPS estimate miss during the second quarter. The estimate of 73 cents per share was slightly over-optimistic with the actual number coming in at 72 cents per share. The stock price was slashed lower by over 20% in an irrational reaction, which has created an ideal buying opportunity for these shares. Risks To Consider: Deutsche Bank has lowered its target price despite maintaining a buy rating on the shares.  The investment bank cites margin concerns and weak consumer traffic as reasons for the lower price target. 10 Stocks That Every Investor Should Own Action To Take: Technically, shares have set up to be ideal rebound play. The stock price bounced solidly from the lows, with the next resistance level being $79.00 per share. Enter long on a breakout above $79.00 per share with initial stops set at $75.67 per share to allow for the inherent price volatility.  Our target price is $96.00 per share. P.S. Everyone knows that Social Security is in bad shape. But most people don’t realize just how desperate the situation is… to fix Social Security, benefits have to be cut by 22% immediately. Or payroll taxes have to jump by 32%. So you’re facing pain whether you’re working OR retired. But there’s a way out. A program that can pay you $43,543 per year for the rest of your life. And it has nothing to do with the government. Check it out here. StreetAuthority’s mission is to help individual investors earn above-average profits by providing a source of independent, unbiased — and most of all, profitable — investing ideas. Unlike traditional publishers, StreetAuthority doesn’t simply regurgitate the latest stock market news. Instead, we provide in-depth research, plus specific investment ideas and immediate action to take based on the latest market events. Visit us at StreetAuthority.com. More From InvestorPlace 10 Hot Stocks That Made Millionaires in 10 Years The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Rest of 2016 Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/this-beaten-down-retailer-is-a-screaming-bargain/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 4 Biotechs to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 4 Biotech Stocks to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart, JD.com offer more choices ahead of Singles Day By Associated Press Published: 18:45 EST, 20 October 2016 | Updated: 18:45 EST, 20 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart and JD.com are offering more choices for Chinese shoppers ahead of Singles Day, one of the world's biggest online shopping days of the year. That includes two-hour delivery services at some Wal-Mart stores and a Wal-Mart global store on JD Worldwide, JD.com's cross-border platform. Wal-Mart bought an initial stake in JD.com, China's no. 2 e-commerce site, this year in a deal that gave JD.com ownership of its Chinese e-commerce site Yihaodian. Earlier this month, Wal-Mart increased its stake in JD.com to 10.8 percent from 5.9 percent. FILE - This Thursday, Nov. 12, 2015, file photo, shows the Yihaodian office in Shanghai. Wal-Mart bought an initial stake in JD.com, China's second-largest e-commerce site, in a deal that gave JD.com ownership of its Chinese e-commerce site Yihaodian. Wal-Mart and JD.com are offering more choices for Chinese shoppers ahead of Singles Day, one of the world's biggest online shopping days of the year. Singles Day, Nov. 11, is China's answer to Cyber Monday in the United States. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan, File) The world's largest retailer is trying to improve its business in China, the globe's most populous country that is lucrative but challenging. In China, Wal-Mart faces a business that has been slow and uneven. Its online business makes up a fraction of the overall online Chinese market compared to Alibaba, which is No. 1 online, and JD.com. But the recent moves underscore how Wal-Mart is accelerating its efforts to cater to online Chinese shoppers who are dramatically increasing their purchases on their smartphones. Singles Day was launched by Chinese college students in the 1990s as a version of Valentine's Day for people without romantic partners. The Nov. 11 timing was based on the four singles of 11.11. Unattached young people would treat each other to dinner or bestow gifts to woo someone and end their single status. It became a shopping bonanza as sellers of everything from necklaces to TVs moved to cash in on the marketing opportunity, and it is now China's answer to Cyber Monday in the United States — the day after Thanksgiving weekend, when retailers have their busiest online sales day. Wal-Mart said late Wednesday that now more than 20 of its Wal-Mart stores in China offer two-hour delivery services for customers ordering on JD Daojia, the grocery and fresh goods business of the New Dada joint venture with JD.com. The number of stores is expected to double by the end of the year. On Thursday, an exclusive Sam's Club flagship store launched on JD.com. It offers millions of Chinese customers access to premium products with JD.com's same- and next-day deliver Wal-Mart plans to use JD.com's nationwide logistics network and stock Sam's Club merchandise in JD.com warehouses. Wal-Mart also says all JD.com users will be able to buy Sam's Club products at membership prices during a 10-day introduction period following the official launch. Sam's Club has been a bright spot in Wal-Mart's business in China as it worked hard to offer top-quality products that appeal to affluent Chinese consumers. It also launched a Wal-Mart global store on JD Worldwide, providing products imported by Wal-Mart from around the world. _____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not be well Suited to real life relationships if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Consumer October 20, 2016 10:28 am Updated: October 24, 2016 7:13 am Visa no longer accepted at Manitoba Walmart stores starting Monday By Katie Dangerfield Online Producer  Global News Walmart stops accepting Visa cards at 3 Canadian stores 01:47 Walmart stops accepting Visa cards at 3 Canadian stores 02:08 Walmart Canada will no longer accept Visa WATCH: Walmart Canada will no longer accept Visa. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen If you use your Visa card at Walmart stores in Manitoba, you won’t be able to starting Monday. Walmart Canada and Visa are locked in a battle over merchant fees, since the retail giant declared back in June that it payed more than $100 million in annual fees and would stop accepting the credit card. Story continues below The U.S.-based retail giant said the change will come into effect at all 16 locations in the province as of Oct. 24. Customers will still be able to pay for purchases with cash, debit, MasterCard and American Express cards. Walmart stopped accepting Visa cards at three stores in Thunder Bay in July. Spokesperson Alex Roberton said Manitoba was chosen second because it provided a “seamless transition” but didn’t elaborate on why. He confirmed that the policy is still on track to roll out nationwide, but wasn’t able to provide a timeline for any other provinces. READ MORE: Visa vs. Walmart: Credit-card giant not flinching as Walmart begins not accepting cards The credit card company called the decision to expand the ban on their card “disappointing.” “Walmart’s decision to further limit Visa acceptance in Manitoba is disappointing,” a Visa spokesperson said in an email to Global News. *With files from the Canadian Press Report an error Manitoba consumers Manitoba s hopping VISA Walmart Canada Walmart Manitoba Editor's Picks Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools Politics Why some are blaming Facebook for Donald Trump’s presidential win Politics Remembrance Day 2016: Are the Liberals living up to their promises to veterans? Politics US Presidential Election 2016: How will America heal from the nasty, violent race for president? Canada Reality check: Will new foreign ownership rules make flights in Canada cheaper? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now 'Corner Gas' star Janet Wright dead at 71 55317 Nearly a quarter of Canadians worry about being able to pay for groceries: poll 33284 2016 will be the hottest year on record 32881 Adult Friend Finder, Penthouse accounts among 400 million leaked in biggest hack of 2016 32389 Bikers stop to help stranded biker, find out it is Bruce Springsteen 30930 Sponsored content Popular Videos ‘Unbelievable father’, loyal and charismatic; friends remember Shakur Jefferies WATCH NOW Chaos erupts at Halifax courthouse after Carvel Clayton appearance WATCH NOW Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW Kate McKinnon’s Hillary Clinton performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ WATCH NOW President Obama explains what he’s telling world leaders about Trump WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
null
Home Business News Features Installations News Features Research Case Studies and Solar Solutions Politics & Policy News Features Videos Products Events Trade Shows & Conferences Classes Workshops & Webinars Advertising About Us Our Team Editorial Calendar Write for us Solar Flares Newsletter Terms and Conditions Solar Power Plants Solar Thermal Concentrating Solar Manufacturing PV Cells and Modules Energy Storage Power Electronics Balance of System Click Here Solar Novus Blog 31 Oct 6 US Cities Where Solar Installers Can Thrive 14 Sep Is Tesla Right to Buy SolarCity? 13 Sep Solar Power International 2016: Opening day 07 Sep Urgent Letter to the Solar Industry & Our Customers 26 Aug Growing PV Pipelines Across Europe Await Policy Support 25 Jul Tesla’s Getting a Great Deal on SolarCity 06 Jul Solar’s Next Challenge? Riding Out the Turbulence 04 Jul Women in STEM: An insider’s perspective 23 Jun Which Countries are Leading the Way in Renewable Energy? 22 Jun Top Innovations in Energy Storage 16 May Community Solar's Big Breakout Year 25 Apr A New SunEdison Looms on the Horizon 31 Mar Polish Renewables Market: Slowed, but somehow still alive 16 Mar A Weatherman for Every Solar Energy Plant? Read More Case Studies and Solutions Ham Radio Powered by Solar + Storage Installing Solar PV in Harsh Environments Off-Grid Solar Installation at a California Botanical Garden BIPV Solar Installation on a University High-Rise Ground-Mount Solar PV Farm in Southern Poland Solar Garage Canopy with EV Charging Barn-Raising Solar Installation at Windblown Ski Area Kosovo Launches its First Solar Power Plant Solar Decathlon 2015: Sustainable home competition 2.4MW Solar Installation on the Anaheim Convention Center Integrating Solar Monitoring with Renewable Energy Education Solar Trackers Boost Output at Three French PV Plants Empowering Lives with Solar Kiosks Municipal Solar Project Provides Educational Opportunity Robotic Solar Cleaning in the Desert Read More Videos Fronius USA Company Overview Video More Solar Research All-Perovskite Tandem Solar Cell Promises to Outperform Silicon Cells Solar Cell Cathodes Made from Human Hair Organic-Inorganic Perovskites for Highly Efficient Solar Cells Record Photovoltaic Effect Observed in Antiferroelectrics Improving Conductivity in CdTe Solar Cells Stacked Perovskite/CIGS Solar Module Achieves 17.8% Efficiency Hybrid Solar-Energy Harvester Aims for 50% Conversion Efficiency Organolead Mixed-Halide Perovskites for Advanced Solar Cells Generating Steam from Sunlight Sodium-ion Batteries: A low-cost solar energy storage alternative Promising Solar Cell Material: 2D perovskite crystals Replacing the Fullerene for Efficient Organic Solar Cells Biomimetics: Solar cell’s transparent layer replicates rose petals Bionic Leaf Turns Solar Energy into Liquid Fuels Read More Business Home » Business  » News Target the Top Corporate Solar Installer in the US Published on 20 October 2016 The top corporate solar users in the United States have now installed more than 1 gigawatt (GW) of solar capacity, enough to power 193,000 homes. These Fortune 500 companies have installed solar at nearly 2,000 individual installations nationwide. The top 10 corporate users are compiled in a slideshow below, and demonstrate that America's top brands are choosing to go solar at an impressive rate.  Target is the leads the pack with the most solar installed (147.5MW on 300 installations). Other companies recognized in the report’s Top 10 for their amount of solar capacity and number of solar installations include heretofore perennial champion Walmart (145 MW), Prologis (107.8 MW), Apple (93.9 MW), Costco (50.7 MW), Kohl’s (50.2 MW), IKEA (44 MW), Macy’s (38.9 MW), General Growth Properties, Inc. (30.2 MW) and Hartz Mountain Industries (22.7 MW). “These blue-chip companies are proof that sustainability and profitability is not an either-or proposition,” said SEIA’s interim president Tom Kimbis. “Investing in solar is a common-sense decision that pays dividends for both the environment and companies’ bottom lines and these leaders deserve a big round of applause. They’re not only helping to create thousands of American jobs in solar, the nearly 2,000 corporate systems highlighted in this report are generating enough clean electricity to offset more than 1.1 million metric tons of harmful carbon emissions a year.” Covering corporate solar installs now in 38 states plus Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico, the 2016 Solar Means Business report tracks nearly 1,100 MW of solar installations at America’s top companies. To put that in context, that’s enough electricity to power the equivalent of 193,000 homes every year. Also noteworthy, in just the first three quarters of 2016, the report found 142 MW of corporate solar was added in the U.S., more than was installed in all of 2015 (129 MW). “Solar plays a vital role within our renewable energy portfolio,” said Mark Vanderhelm, vice president of energy for Walmart. “This is evident by our 2020 commitment of doubling solar energy projects at our Walmart stores, Sam’s Clubs and distribution centers across the nation. Our focus is on finding those solar projects that are right for the business. Being recognized by the SEIA for our efforts is confirmation that we are moving in the right direction with regards to renewable energy, specifically solar.” “As the world’s largest owner and operator of logistics real estate, we’re proud to contribute to a low-carbon future and use our properties as a platform to generate large volumes of clean electricity,” said Matt Singleton, vice president, Global Energy and Development, Prologis. “We are on pace to meet our goal of 200 megawatts of solar in our global portfolio by 2020, and we appreciate being acknowledged by SEIA for these efforts.” “We appreciate SEIA recognizing GGP’s commitment to sustainability, which is imbedded in everything we do,” said Shobi Khan, chief operating officer of GGP. “Solar energy is one of our areas of focus, and we’ve found that solar installations have the capability to deliver a significant amount of clean electricity to our shopping centers. Our investment in solar projects delivers benefits to the environment and strong returns to our shareholders.” “We’re honored to be named by SEIA as a top company for another year in a row,” said Lawrence Garb, executive vice president and managing director of Hartz Mountain Industries, Inc. “Hartz continues to find the economics of the New Jersey solar market very accretive and has continued to increase its pipeline of new projects.” Back to News   Innovative Solar Products DuPont Teijin Films Introduces Optically Clear UV Stable Polyester... DuPont Teijin Films (DTF) is introducing several super clear Ultra... Read More Snap Cure Conductive Adhesive for Stringing or Shingling Solar Modules Engineered Materials Systems, a global supplier of conductive... Read More SMA and LG Chem Partner on Energy Storage Solution SMA Solar Technology AG (SMA) and LG Chem Ltd. have partnered to... Read More Fronius Launches Smart Meter for Solar Systems String inverter manufacturer Fronius launches a new accessory for... Read More Tigo TS4 Now Available on PVsyst Modeling Software Tigo announced that Tigo’s TS4 platform is now... Read More SolarEdge Frame-Mounted Power Optimizers The SolarEdge series of frame-mounted power optimizers have a modified bracket that enables them... Read More Tigo’s Selective Deployment Modeled on Aurora’s software Tigo released the Selective Deployment feature, where... Read More DC/DC Power Converter for Photovoltaic Applications Phoenix Contact’s new UNO Solar DC-to-DC power converter... Read More Onyx Building Integrated PV Available in North America Belnor Engineering launched Onyx Solar, transparent and... Read More Titan SmartStorage Introduced to Australian Market Aquion Energy, Inc., manufacturer of Aspen saltwater batteries... Read More GameChange Solar Ballasted Roof System Obtains DSA Approval GameChange Solar announced that its Grid-Lite Roof System was the... Read More SolPad: Solar module with integrated energy storage SunCulture Solar Inc. announces the launch of SolPad, a new series... Read More Most Popular on Solar Novus SEIA Releases Best Practices for the Solar Industry Material Innovation is Bringing Longer-Lasting Solar Panels An Inseparable Bond: What to know about PV adhesives Pedal for Power Raises Funds for Solar for New Hampshire Homeless Shelter Solar Cell Achieves Over 30% Conversion Efficiency A Win for Solar in Florida Microinverter and Power Optimizer Market to More than Double through 2020 SunPower and GRID Alternatives Announce Three-Year Partnership Mercedes Benz Energy Storage Coming to the US What a Trump Presidency Would Do to Carbon Emissions EU PVSEC 2017 Call for Papers DuPont Teijin Films Introduces Optically Clear UV Stable Polyester Films PV Pipeline in the US at All Time High Snap Cure Conductive Adhesive for Stringing or Shingling Solar Modules Only 10% Away from 2020 SunShot Solar Cost-Savings Goal Latest Trade Show News EU PVSEC 2017 Call for Papers EU PVSEC 2017: International solar industry meets in The Netherlands Titan SmartStorage Introduced to Australian Market Intersolar India 2016: October in Mumbai The Premiere of Intersolar Middle East a Resounding Success Powin and EV4 Fast Charging Station Finalist in ESNA Innovation Award EU PVSEC 2017 to be Held in Amsterdam SPI 2016: Sungrow's 1500VDC string and central inverters SPI 2016: Sentinel unveils the AHI Wave energy storage system SPI 2016: Hanwha Q CELLS announces new Q.ANTUM solar modulces SPI 2016: Unirac expands Roofmount product line IREC's National 3iAwards: Innovation, Ingenuity & Inspiration in Clean Energy SPI 2016: Sunpreme bifacial smart panels with optimizers SPI 2016: Boviet Solar USA PERC solar modules SPI 2016: LG Solar's NeON 2 bi-facial solar module TOP www.novuslight.com www.novusbuyersguide.com Business News Features Installations News Features Research Case Studies and Solar Solutions Politics & Policy News Features Videos Events Trade Shows & Conferences Classes Workshops & Webinars Technologies Solar Power Plants Solar Thermal Concentrating Solar Manufacturing PV Cells and Modules Energy Storage Power Electronics Balance of System Copyright © 2016 Novus Media Today Group, LLC. All rights reserved. Website design and build by MM Design.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: These Retailers Are Hiring Seasonal Holiday Workers in 2016 More than 700,000 retail job gains are expected this holiday season, and some of those will turn into full-time employees. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Oct 20, 2016 at 8:00AM Wal-Mart will be adding seasonal workers this year, as it usually does. Image source: Wal-Mart. While physical retailers have struggled to keep up with online completion, the holiday season still requires extra workers. Starting as early as October and extending through the end of the year, most major retailers have to add staff. That's also true for online retailers as well as industries that support the selling season like shipping companies and manufacturers. That's good news for the unemployed looking to get back into the workforce, college kids who need a few weeks or months of work, and anyone looking to make a little extra cash. Retail hiring for the last three months of 2016 is expected to be about the same as last year, when it was 738,800, according to an annual study by global outplacement consultancy Challenger, Gray & Christmas, Inc. The nature of seasonal jobs, however, has begun to shift. "The big change we are seeing, however, is that while seasonal retail jobs remain flat or shrink, there has been a marked increase in seasonal job gains in other sectors," wrote John A. Challenger, CEO of Challenger, Gray & Christmas. "The sector with the biggest increase in holiday hiring in recent years has been transportation and warehousing, as more and more holiday shopping is done online." Hiring, he explains, reflects not only a shift in how we shop -- moving from physical to online stores -- but it also has been impacted by the change in the types of gifts Americans are giving. "Seasonal hiring is not limited to retail or retail-related industries," he said. "More and more Americans are giving friends and families experiences instead of material items. The increase in this type of gift-giving means that there are more seasonal employment opportunities at theaters, restaurants, amusement parks, and other entertainment venues." These are some of the companies hiring for the 2016 holiday season: Traditional retailers are hiring Target (NYSE:TGT): While the retail chain may be struggling, Target still plans to hire nearly 80,000 new employees for seasonal jobs this year. That breaks down to 70,000 workers in its stores and 7,500 across distribution and fulfillment facilities, according to the company. The chain will be focusing on non-store jobs as a way to facilitate digital orders and get merchandise to its roughly 1,800 United State locations. "Our distribution teams will be major players in that game, helping us get all those products to guests in time to host holiday events, give gifts and celebrate all season long," said Distribution Senior Vice President Carson Landsgard in a press release. Kohl's (NYSE:KSS): Although it's much smaller than Target, Kohl's plans to hire nearly as many seasonal workers this year. The company plans to add more than 69,000 employees at its 1,100 stores in 49 states. In addition, the company, which did not break down hiring numbers by type of job, plans to also add positions (part of the 69,000 hires) at its distribution and e-commerce fulfillment centers across the country and at Kohl's credit operations. Macy's (NYSE:M): While Macy's may be struggling as much as any company on this list, it still expects a big holiday season and plans to add 83,000 seasonal positions at its Macy's and Bloomingdale's stores, call centers, distribution centers, and online fulfillment centers nationwide. J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP): The retailer, which has been on the comeback trail, plans to add 40,000 seasonal workers this year, according to The Dallas Morning News. And like Target and Kohl's, added attention will be paid to digital fulfillment, with 2,000 new workers being hired to help with JCP.com orders. Additional retail companies hiring: Toys R Us has seasonal jobs listed on its website and on various job boards, but has not said how many workers it plans to add. Sears also has a web page for people looking for seasonal jobs, but has not publicized its plans. Online hiring comes down to one company Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN): The online retail giant has been getting bigger every holiday season and this year it intends to hire "more than 120,000 seasonal positions across its U.S. network of fulfillment centers, sortation centers and customer service sites." Getting seasonal work with the online retail leader could lead to permanent jobs as the company said that, in 2015, "more than 14,000 seasonal positions were transitioned to regular, full-time roles after the holidays and the company expects to increase that number this year." Hiring goes beyond stores In addition to all the stores and online retailers that plan to add seasonal employees, the holiday rush will also force the U.S. Postal Service, UPS (NYSE: UPS), and Federal Express to add workers. The biggest increase will be at the USPS, which is increasing the 29,000 seasonal workers it hired in 2015 to between 35,000 and 40,000 this year. FedEx has not released its seasonal plans yet, but UPS plans to add 95,000 seasonal employees, many of whom will end up with permanent jobs. From the 2012 through 2014 holiday seasons, over 37% of the people UPS hired for seasonal package handler jobs eventually ended up with regular jobs. "For many it's an opportunity to earn some extra cash for the holidays," said CEO David Abney, who started loading trucks at night in 1974 while in college. "But with many of our holiday hires getting permanent jobs with us, it can also be a gateway to a career." Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He used to coat check at a temple on New Year's Eve. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool recommends United Parcel Service. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Oct 20, 2016 at 8:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $9.52 up $0.36 (3.93%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $719.07 down $-19.94 (-2.70%) Target NYSE:TGT $72.17 up $1.42 (2.01%) Macy's NYSE:M $41.56 up $0.20 (0.48%) Kohl's NYSE:KSS $53.79 up $0.57 (1.07%) Read More 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Is DIY Giant Lowe's the Key to This $11 Billion Merger? Nordstrom Soars in Q3, While Dillard's Falls Further Behind Costco's CEO Has a Simple Recipe for Making Money Can Amazon.com Conquer China With Prime? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: These Retailers Are Hiring Seasonal Holiday Workers in 2016 More than 700,000 retail job gains are expected this holiday season, and some of those will turn into full-time employees. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Oct 20, 2016 at 8:00AM Wal-Mart will be adding seasonal workers this year, as it usually does. Image source: Wal-Mart. While physical retailers have struggled to keep up with online completion, the holiday season still requires extra workers. Starting as early as October and extending through the end of the year, most major retailers have to add staff. That's also true for online retailers as well as industries that support the selling season like shipping companies and manufacturers. That's good news for the unemployed looking to get back into the workforce, college kids who need a few weeks or months of work, and anyone looking to make a little extra cash. Retail hiring for the last three months of 2016 is expected to be about the same as last year, when it was 738,800, according to an annual study by global outplacement consultancy Challenger, Gray & Christmas, Inc. The nature of seasonal jobs, however, has begun to shift. "The big change we are seeing, however, is that while seasonal retail jobs remain flat or shrink, there has been a marked increase in seasonal job gains in other sectors," wrote John A. Challenger, CEO of Challenger, Gray & Christmas. "The sector with the biggest increase in holiday hiring in recent years has been transportation and warehousing, as more and more holiday shopping is done online." Hiring, he explains, reflects not only a shift in how we shop -- moving from physical to online stores -- but it also has been impacted by the change in the types of gifts Americans are giving. "Seasonal hiring is not limited to retail or retail-related industries," he said. "More and more Americans are giving friends and families experiences instead of material items. The increase in this type of gift-giving means that there are more seasonal employment opportunities at theaters, restaurants, amusement parks, and other entertainment venues." These are some of the companies hiring for the 2016 holiday season: Traditional retailers are hiring Target (NYSE:TGT): While the retail chain may be struggling, Target still plans to hire nearly 80,000 new employees for seasonal jobs this year. That breaks down to 70,000 workers in its stores and 7,500 across distribution and fulfillment facilities, according to the company. The chain will be focusing on non-store jobs as a way to facilitate digital orders and get merchandise to its roughly 1,800 United State locations. "Our distribution teams will be major players in that game, helping us get all those products to guests in time to host holiday events, give gifts and celebrate all season long," said Distribution Senior Vice President Carson Landsgard in a press release. Kohl's (NYSE:KSS): Although it's much smaller than Target, Kohl's plans to hire nearly as many seasonal workers this year. The company plans to add more than 69,000 employees at its 1,100 stores in 49 states. In addition, the company, which did not break down hiring numbers by type of job, plans to also add positions (part of the 69,000 hires) at its distribution and e-commerce fulfillment centers across the country and at Kohl's credit operations. Macy's (NYSE:M): While Macy's may be struggling as much as any company on this list, it still expects a big holiday season and plans to add 83,000 seasonal positions at its Macy's and Bloomingdale's stores, call centers, distribution centers, and online fulfillment centers nationwide. J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP): The retailer, which has been on the comeback trail, plans to add 40,000 seasonal workers this year, according to The Dallas Morning News. And like Target and Kohl's, added attention will be paid to digital fulfillment, with 2,000 new workers being hired to help with JCP.com orders. Additional retail companies hiring: Toys R Us has seasonal jobs listed on its website and on various job boards, but has not said how many workers it plans to add. Sears also has a web page for people looking for seasonal jobs, but has not publicized its plans. Online hiring comes down to one company Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN): The online retail giant has been getting bigger every holiday season and this year it intends to hire "more than 120,000 seasonal positions across its U.S. network of fulfillment centers, sortation centers and customer service sites." Getting seasonal work with the online retail leader could lead to permanent jobs as the company said that, in 2015, "more than 14,000 seasonal positions were transitioned to regular, full-time roles after the holidays and the company expects to increase that number this year." Hiring goes beyond stores In addition to all the stores and online retailers that plan to add seasonal employees, the holiday rush will also force the U.S. Postal Service, UPS (NYSE: UPS), and Federal Express to add workers. The biggest increase will be at the USPS, which is increasing the 29,000 seasonal workers it hired in 2015 to between 35,000 and 40,000 this year. FedEx has not released its seasonal plans yet, but UPS plans to add 95,000 seasonal employees, many of whom will end up with permanent jobs. From the 2012 through 2014 holiday seasons, over 37% of the people UPS hired for seasonal package handler jobs eventually ended up with regular jobs. "For many it's an opportunity to earn some extra cash for the holidays," said CEO David Abney, who started loading trucks at night in 1974 while in college. "But with many of our holiday hires getting permanent jobs with us, it can also be a gateway to a career." Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He used to coat check at a temple on New Year's Eve. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool recommends United Parcel Service. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Oct 20, 2016 at 8:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $9.52 up $0.36 (3.93%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $719.07 down $-19.94 (-2.70%) Target NYSE:TGT $72.17 up $1.42 (2.01%) Macy's NYSE:M $41.56 up $0.20 (0.48%) Kohl's NYSE:KSS $53.79 up $0.57 (1.07%) Read More 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Is DIY Giant Lowe's the Key to This $11 Billion Merger? Nordstrom Soars in Q3, While Dillard's Falls Further Behind Costco's CEO Has a Simple Recipe for Making Money Can Amazon.com Conquer China With Prime? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Kentucky -- Families Across Midwest and Central Appalachia Regions Can Access Donation of 160,000 Pouches through Walmart Pharmacy Locations -- -- Focus on Safe Drug Disposal Helps Combat Opioid Abuse, Misuse and Diversion -- News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article CHESTERFIELD, United Kingdom, Oct. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals (NYSE: MNK), a leading global specialty pharmaceutical company, today announced it will provide 160,000 drug deactivation pouches to families in Kentucky as well as across the U.S. Midwest and Central Appalachia to encourage the safe and responsible disposal of leftover prescription pain medications. Mallinckrodt will make the pouches available – free of charge – at nearly 800 Walmart store pharmacy locations across Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia. A potential 7.2 million prescription pills could be destroyed if each of the 160,000 pouches is used to capacity. The user-friendly pouch-based systems deactivate prescription drugs and render chemical compounds safe for landfills. After placing unused medications in the specially formulated pouch and adding regular tap water, the pouch can be sealed and thrown away with the household trash. The pouches are completely biodegradable, providing an environmentally responsible way to deactivate and dispose of drugs. This donation is part of Mallinckrodt's 1-million pouch donation initiative to help combat the abuse of prescription pain medications, which is one of the top public health threats in the U.S. today. "As a company focused on the health and well-being of our patients and communities, Mallinckrodt has long been a strong advocate of addressing the complex issues of opioid misuse and abuse that cause so much harm to families," said Mark Trudeau, Mallinckrodt President and Chief Executive Officer. "We share the concerns of parents across the nation, and believe that providing patients with a safe, environmentally responsible way to dispose of unused medications is critical in this fight against prescription drug abuse," added Trudeau. "Mallinckrodt is committed to working with policy makers, community leaders, law enforcement and industry partners to ensure the responsible use of pain medication and prevent unused medications from ending up in the wrong hands." The initiative reinforces Mallinckrodt's long-standing commitment to the safe and responsible use of medications and collaboration with community leaders and organizations who share its goal of building public awareness of the critical role of responsible drug disposal in the fight against prescription drug abuse. A national survey of U.S. adults who used opioids showed that nearly 6 out of 10 had or expect to have leftover opioids, according to findings published online June 13, 2016, in the JAMA Internal Medicine journal. Nearly 68 percent of those who used prescription pain relievers non-medically in 2012-2013 got them from friends or relatives, according to the 2013 Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) National Survey on Drug Use and Health. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. ABOUT MALLINCKRODT Mallinckrodt is a global business that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes specialty pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products and therapies, as well as nuclear imaging products. Areas of focus include autoimmune and rare diseases in specialty areas like neurology, rheumatology, nephrology, pulmonology and ophthalmology; immunotherapy and neonatal respiratory critical care therapies; analgesics and hemostasis products; and central nervous system drugs. The company's core strengths include the acquisition and management of highly regulated raw materials and specialized chemistry, formulation and manufacturing capabilities. The company's Specialty Brands segment includes branded medicines; its Specialty Generics segment includes specialty generic drugs, active pharmaceutical ingredients and external manufacturing; and the Nuclear Imaging segment includes nuclear imaging agents. To learn more about Mallinckrodt, visit www.mallinckrodt.com. Mallinckrodt uses its website as a channel of distribution of important company information, such as press releases, investor presentations and other financial information. It also uses its website to expedite public access to time-critical information regarding the company in advance of or in lieu of distributing a press release or a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission disclosing the same information. Therefore, investors should look to the Investor Relations page of the website for important and time-critical information. Visitors to the website can also register to receive automatic e-mail and other notifications alerting them when new information is made available on the Investor Relations page of the website. CONTACTS Media Rhonda Sciarra Senior Communications Manager 908-238-6765 rhonda.sciarra@mallinckrodt.com Meredith Fischer Chief Public Affairs Officer 314-654-3318 meredith.fischer@mallinckrodt.com Government Affairs Mark Tyndall Vice President, Government Affairs 202-383-0090 mark.tyndall@mallinckrodt.com  Investor Relations Coleman N. Lannum, CFA Senior Vice President, Investor Strategy and IRO 314-654-6649 cole.lannum@mallinckrodt.com Daniel J. Speciale, CPA Director, Investor Relations 314-654-3638 daniel.speciale@mallinckrodt.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/167103LOGO    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mallinckrodt-pharmaceuticals-donates-drug-deactivation-pouches-to-enable-safe-disposal-of-prescription-drugs-in-kentucky-300347887.html SOURCE Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Related Links http://www.mallinckrodt.com Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Indiana Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Ohio My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 08, 2016, 07:35 ETMallinckrodt Announces U.S. FDA Approval of OFIRMEV® IV Bag... Nov 02, 2016, 16:45 ETMallinckrodt To Present At 28th Annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Kentucky News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Ohio - Families Across Midwest and Central Appalachia Regions Can Access Donation of 160,000 Pouches through Walmart Pharmacy Locations - - Focus on Safe Drug Disposal Helps Combat Opioid Abuse, Misuse and Diversion - News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article CHESTERFIELD, United Kingdom, Oct. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals (NYSE: MNK), a leading global specialty pharmaceutical company, today announced it will provide 160,000 drug deactivation pouches to families in Ohio as well as across the U.S. Midwest and Central Appalachia to encourage the safe and responsible disposal of leftover prescription pain medications. Mallinckrodt will make the pouches available – free of charge – at nearly 800 Walmart store pharmacy locations across Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia. A potential 7.2 million prescription pills could be destroyed if each of the 160,000 pouches is used to capacity. The user-friendly pouch-based systems deactivate prescription drugs and render chemical compounds safe for landfills. After placing unused medications in the specially formulated pouch and adding regular tap water, the pouch can be sealed and thrown away with the household trash. The pouches are completely biodegradable, providing an environmentally responsible way to deactivate and dispose of drugs. This donation is part of Mallinckrodt's 1-million pouch donation initiative to help combat the abuse of prescription pain medications, which is one of the top public health threats in the U.S. today. "As a company focused on the health and well-being of our patients and communities, Mallinckrodt has long been a strong advocate of addressing the complex issues of opioid misuse and abuse that cause so much harm to families," said Mark Trudeau, Mallinckrodt President and Chief Executive Officer. "We share the concerns of parents across the nation, and believe that providing patients with a safe, environmentally responsible way to dispose of unused medications is critical in this fight against prescription drug abuse," added Trudeau. "Mallinckrodt is committed to working with policy makers, community leaders, law enforcement and industry partners to ensure the responsible use of pain medication and prevent unused medications from ending up in the wrong hands." The initiative reinforces Mallinckrodt's long-standing commitment to the safe and responsible use of medications and collaboration with community leaders and organizations who share its goal of building public awareness of the critical role of responsible drug disposal in the fight against prescription drug abuse. A national survey of U.S. adults who used opioids showed that nearly 6 out of 10 had or expect to have leftover opioids, according to findings published online June 13, 2016, in the JAMA Internal Medicine journal. Nearly 68 percent of those who used prescription pain relievers non-medically in 2012-2013 got them from friends or relatives, according to the 2013 Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) National Survey on Drug Use and Health. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. ABOUT MALLINCKRODT Mallinckrodt is a global business that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes specialty pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products and therapies, as well as nuclear imaging products. Areas of focus include autoimmune and rare diseases in specialty areas like neurology, rheumatology, nephrology, pulmonology and ophthalmology; immunotherapy and neonatal respiratory critical care therapies; analgesics and hemostasis products; and central nervous system drugs. The company's core strengths include the acquisition and management of highly regulated raw materials and specialized chemistry, formulation and manufacturing capabilities. The company's Specialty Brands segment includes branded medicines; its Specialty Generics segment includes specialty generic drugs, active pharmaceutical ingredients and external manufacturing; and the Nuclear Imaging segment includes nuclear imaging agents. To learn more about Mallinckrodt, visit www.mallinckrodt.com. Mallinckrodt uses its website as a channel of distribution of important company information, such as press releases, investor presentations and other financial information. It also uses its website to expedite public access to time-critical information regarding the company in advance of or in lieu of distributing a press release or a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission disclosing the same information. Therefore, investors should look to the Investor Relations page of the website for important and time-critical information. Visitors to the website can also register to receive automatic e-mail and other notifications alerting them when new information is made available on the Investor Relations page of the website. CONTACTS Media Rhonda Sciarra Senior Communications Manager 908-238-6765 rhonda.sciarra@mallinckrodt.com Meredith Fischer Chief Public Affairs Officer 314-654-3318 meredith.fischer@mallinckrodt.com  Government Affairs Mark Tyndall Vice President, Government Affairs 202-383-0090 mark.tyndall@mallinckrodt.com Investor Relations Coleman N. Lannum, CFA Senior Vice President, Investor Strategy and IRO 314-654-6649 cole.lannum@mallinckrodt.com Daniel J. Speciale, CPA Director, Investor Relations 314-654-3638 daniel.speciale@mallinckrodt.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/167103LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mallinckrodt-pharmaceuticals-donates-drug-deactivation-pouches-to-enable-safe-disposal-of-prescription-drugs-in-ohio-300347882.html SOURCE Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Related Links http://www.mallinckrodt.com Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Kentucky Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in South Carolina My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 08, 2016, 07:35 ETMallinckrodt Announces U.S. FDA Approval of OFIRMEV® IV Bag... Nov 02, 2016, 16:45 ETMallinckrodt To Present At 28th Annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Licensing Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Ohio News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Tennessee - Families Across Midwest and Central Appalachia Regions Can Access Donation of 160,000 Pouches through Walmart Pharmacy Locations - - Focus on Safe Drug Disposal Helps Combat Opioid Abuse, Misuse and Diversion - News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article CHESTERFIELD, United Kingdom, Oct. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals (NYSE: MNK), a leading global specialty pharmaceutical company, today announced it will provide 160,000 drug deactivation pouches to families in Tennessee as well as across the U.S. Midwest and Central Appalachia to encourage the safe and responsible disposal of leftover prescription pain medications. Mallinckrodt will make the pouches available – free of charge – at nearly 800 Walmart store pharmacy locations across Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia. A potential 7.2 million prescription pills could be destroyed if each of the 160,000 pouches is used to capacity. The user-friendly pouch-based systems deactivate prescription drugs and render chemical compounds safe for landfills. After placing unused medications in the specially formulated pouch and adding regular tap water, the pouch can be sealed and thrown away with the household trash. The pouches are completely biodegradable, providing an environmentally responsible way to deactivate and dispose of drugs. This donation is part of Mallinckrodt's 1-million pouch donation initiative to help combat the abuse of prescription pain medications, which is one of the top public health threats in the U.S. today. "As a company focused on the health and well-being of our patients and communities, Mallinckrodt has long been a strong advocate of addressing the complex issues of opioid misuse and abuse that cause so much harm to families," said Mark Trudeau, Mallinckrodt President and Chief Executive Officer. "We share the concerns of parents across the nation, and believe that providing patients with a safe, environmentally responsible way to dispose of unused medications is critical in this fight against prescription drug abuse," added Trudeau. "Mallinckrodt is committed to working with policy makers, community leaders, law enforcement and industry partners to ensure the responsible use of pain medication and prevent unused medications from ending up in the wrong hands." The initiative reinforces Mallinckrodt's long-standing commitment to the safe and responsible use of medications and collaboration with community leaders and organizations who share its goal of building public awareness of the critical role of responsible drug disposal in the fight against prescription drug abuse. A national survey of U.S. adults who used opioids showed that nearly 6 out of 10 had or expect to have leftover opioids, according to findings published online June 13, 2016, in the JAMA Internal Medicine journal. Nearly 68 percent of those who used prescription pain relievers non-medically in 2012-2013 got them from friends or relatives, according to the 2013 Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) National Survey on Drug Use and Health. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. ABOUT MALLINCKRODT Mallinckrodt is a global business that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes specialty pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products and therapies, as well as nuclear imaging products. Areas of focus include autoimmune and rare diseases in specialty areas like neurology, rheumatology, nephrology, pulmonology and ophthalmology; immunotherapy and neonatal respiratory critical care therapies; analgesics and hemostasis products; and central nervous system drugs. The company's core strengths include the acquisition and management of highly regulated raw materials and specialized chemistry, formulation and manufacturing capabilities. The company's Specialty Brands segment includes branded medicines; its Specialty Generics segment includes specialty generic drugs, active pharmaceutical ingredients and external manufacturing; and the Nuclear Imaging segment includes nuclear imaging agents. To learn more about Mallinckrodt, visit www.mallinckrodt.com. Mallinckrodt uses its website as a channel of distribution of important company information, such as press releases, investor presentations and other financial information. It also uses its website to expedite public access to time-critical information regarding the company in advance of or in lieu of distributing a press release or a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission disclosing the same information. Therefore, investors should look to the Investor Relations page of the website for important and time-critical information. Visitors to the website can also register to receive automatic e-mail and other notifications alerting them when new information is made available on the Investor Relations page of the website. CONTACTS Media Rhonda Sciarra Senior Communications Manager 908-238-6765 rhonda.sciarra@mallinckrodt.com Meredith Fischer Chief Public Affairs Officer 314-654-3318 meredith.fischer@mallinckrodt.com Government Affairs Mark Tyndall Vice President, Government Affairs 202-383-0090 mark.tyndall@mallinckrodt.com Investor Relations Coleman N. Lannum, CFA Senior Vice President, Investor Strategy and IRO 314-654-6649 cole.lannum@mallinckrodt.com Daniel J. Speciale, CPA Director, Investor Relations 314-654-3638 daniel.speciale@mallinckrodt.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/167103LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mallinckrodt-pharmaceuticals-donates-drug-deactivation-pouches-to-enable-safe-disposal-of-prescription-drugs-in-tennessee-300347895.html SOURCE Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Related Links http://www.mallinckrodt.com Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Pennsylvania Jun 16, 2016, 16:45 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Donates One Million Drug Deactivation Pouches To Support U.S. Fight Against Prescription Drug Abuse My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 08, 2016, 07:35 ETMallinckrodt Announces U.S. FDA Approval of OFIRMEV® IV Bag... Nov 02, 2016, 16:45 ETMallinckrodt To Present At 28th Annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research Public Safety You just read: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Tennessee News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Pennsylvania -- Families Across Midwest and Central Appalachia Regions Can Access Donation of 160,000 Pouches through Walmart Pharmacy Locations -- -- Focus on Safe Drug Disposal Helps Combat Opioid Abuse, Misuse and Diversion -- News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article CHESTERFIELD, United Kingdom, Oct. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals (NYSE: MNK), a leading global specialty pharmaceutical company, today announced it will provide 160,000 drug deactivation pouches to families in Pennsylvania as well as across the U.S. Midwest and Central Appalachia to encourage the safe and responsible disposal of leftover prescription pain medications. Mallinckrodt will make the pouches available – free of charge – at nearly 800 Walmart store pharmacy locations across Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia. A potential 7.2 million prescription pills could be destroyed if each of the 160,000 pouches is used to capacity. The user-friendly pouch-based systems deactivate prescription drugs and render chemical compounds safe for landfills. After placing unused medications in the specially formulated pouch and adding regular tap water, the pouch can be sealed and thrown away with the household trash. The pouches are completely biodegradable, providing an environmentally responsible way to deactivate and dispose of drugs. This donation is part of Mallinckrodt's 1-million pouch donation initiative to help combat the abuse of prescription pain medications, which is one of the top public health threats in the U.S. today. "As a company focused on the health and well-being of our patients and communities, Mallinckrodt has long been a strong advocate of addressing the complex issues of opioid misuse and abuse that cause so much harm to families," said Mark Trudeau, Mallinckrodt President and Chief Executive Officer. "We share the concerns of parents across the nation, and believe that providing patients with a safe, environmentally responsible way to dispose of unused medications is critical in this fight against prescription drug abuse," added Trudeau. "Mallinckrodt is committed to working with policy makers, community leaders, law enforcement and industry partners to ensure the responsible use of pain medication and prevent unused medications from ending up in the wrong hands." The initiative reinforces Mallinckrodt's long-standing commitment to the safe and responsible use of medications and collaboration with community leaders and organizations who share its goal of building public awareness of the critical role of responsible drug disposal in the fight against prescription drug abuse. A national survey of U.S. adults who used opioids showed that nearly 6 out of 10 had or expect to have leftover opioids, according to findings published online June 13, 2016, in the JAMA Internal Medicine journal. Nearly 68 percent of those who used prescription pain relievers non-medically in 2012-2013 got them from friends or relatives, according to the 2013 Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) National Survey on Drug Use and Health. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. ABOUT MALLINCKRODT Mallinckrodt is a global business that develops, manufactures, markets and distributes specialty pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products and therapies, as well as nuclear imaging products. Areas of focus include autoimmune and rare diseases in specialty areas like neurology, rheumatology, nephrology, pulmonology and ophthalmology; immunotherapy and neonatal respiratory critical care therapies; analgesics and hemostasis products; and central nervous system drugs. The company's core strengths include the acquisition and management of highly regulated raw materials and specialized chemistry, formulation and manufacturing capabilities. The company's Specialty Brands segment includes branded medicines; its Specialty Generics segment includes specialty generic drugs, active pharmaceutical ingredients and external manufacturing; and the Nuclear Imaging segment includes nuclear imaging agents. To learn more about Mallinckrodt, visit www.mallinckrodt.com. Mallinckrodt uses its website as a channel of distribution of important company information, such as press releases, investor presentations and other financial information. It also uses its website to expedite public access to time-critical information regarding the company in advance of or in lieu of distributing a press release or a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission disclosing the same information. Therefore, investors should look to the Investor Relations page of the website for important and time-critical information. Visitors to the website can also register to receive automatic e-mail and other notifications alerting them when new information is made available on the Investor Relations page of the website. CONTACTS Media Rhonda Sciarra Senior Communications Manager 908-238-6765 rhonda.sciarra@mallinckrodt.com Meredith Fischer Chief Public Affairs Officer 314-654-3318 meredith.fischer@mallinckrodt.com Government Affairs Mark Tyndall Vice President, Government Affairs 202-383-0090 mark.tyndall@mallinckrodt.com Investor Relations Coleman N. Lannum, CFA Senior Vice President, Investor Strategy and IRO 314-654-6649 cole.lannum@mallinckrodt.com Daniel J. Speciale, CPA Director, Investor Relations 314-654-3638 daniel.speciale@mallinckrodt.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150105/167103LOGO     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mallinckrodt-pharmaceuticals-donates-drug-deactivation-pouches-to-enable-safe-disposal-of-prescription-drugs-in-pennsylvania-300347873.html SOURCE Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Related Links http://www.mallinckrodt.com Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in South Carolina Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Tennessee My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 08, 2016, 07:35 ETMallinckrodt Announces U.S. FDA Approval of OFIRMEV® IV Bag... Nov 02, 2016, 16:45 ETMallinckrodt To Present At 28th Annual Piper Jaffray Healthcare... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Donates Drug Deactivation Pouches to Enable Safe Disposal of Prescription Drugs in Pennsylvania News provided by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Oct 20, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Fan werden Mobil DAX: 10.694 +0,2% ESt50: 3.040 +0,3% TDax: 1.688 -0,4% Dow: 18.869 +0,1% Nas: 5.218 -0,4% Nikkei: 17.619 -0,3% Euro: 1,0745 -0,9% Öl: 44,66 -0,1% Gold: 1.228 +0,5% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Favoriten Depot eröffnen Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Publicis Groupe Aktie News zu Publicis Groupe Publicis Groupe: Third Quarter 2016 Revenue 20.10.2016 09:06 Bewerten  (0) Kommentare Publicis Groupe: Third Quarter 2016 Revenue FACEBOOKEMAILDRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Aktien in diesem Artikel Publicis Groupe S.A.59,39 EUR -0,38% Charts News Analysen Kaufen Verkaufen Top Themen Heute Updates zu Credit Suisse, Coca Cola, RWE, RTL Group und Hannover RückDiese Aktien empfehlen Experten zu verkaufenMETRO: Attraktive Seitwärtsrendite plus komfortabler Risikopuffer Regulatory News: Publicis Groupe (Paris:PUB): 3rd Quarter 2016       Revenue    2,315 million Reported growth -0.4% Growth at constant exchange rates +1.5% Organic growth   +0.2% At September 30, 2016       Revenue    7,068 million Reported growth +2.9% Growth at constant exchange rates +5.2% Organic growth   +1.9% Maurice Lévy, Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe: « Publicis Groupes revenue at September 30, 2016 was up 2.9% over the corresponding period in 2015, and by 5.2% when exchange rates are factored out. Organic growth for the period was 1.9%. Unsurprisingly, growth decelerated in the third quarter to 0.2%. As announced, the third and fourth quarters of the year are the most significantly impacted by accounts lost in the media palooza. This was compounded by projects recently completed at Razorfish that will only be relayed by new projects in the fourth quarter, but that will produce their full effect in 2017. Therefore, on the geographical standpoint, North America showed a sharp downturn (-4.0%) while Europe reported a strong growth (+7.6%). As anticipated, it is in 2017 that we will reap the full benefits of the new "Power of One organization we are implementing. The initial results are already there, as evidenced by the large accounts awarded to us by advertisers such as Wal-Mart, GSK, HPE, Coty and USAA. It is worth noting "The Power of One" has been very successful at Razorfish which experienced the best ever quarter for new business. Regarding the fourth quarter, like every year, economic uncertainties can result in marketing investments becoming the adjustment variable in the equation towards the end of the year. We have nonetheless confidence in our ability to reach our objectives, which is why the Management Board has moved that the 42% payout ratio we had been targeting for 2018 be decided as of 2016. As indicated quite some time ago, the formal process of identifying my successor will commence in November, leading to a decision to be taken by the Supervisory Board, no later than at its meeting of February 2017. » 1  Q3 2016 REVENUE Publicis Groupes consolidated revenue for the third quarter of 2016 was 2,315 million euro, 0.4% below the 2,325 million euro reported for the corresponding period in 2015. Exchange rates impacted revenue negatively by 45 million euro, i.e. the equivalent of 1.9% of Q3 2015 revenue. Net acquisitions contributed 31 million euro to revenue in Q3 2016, i.e. the equivalent of 1.3% of Q3 2015 revenue. Growth at constant exchange rates was +1.5%. Organic growth was +0.2% in the third quarter, below the growth rate at June 30 due to the more significant impact of media accounts lost in the 2015 media palooza  an impact that will remain high in Q4  and to the end of several digital projects when new projects have not reached their full growth potential yet. Breakdown of Q3 2016 revenue by region EUR   Revenue   Organic   Reported Million   Q3 2016   Q3 2015   growth   growth Europe 643   625 +7.6% +2.9% North America 1,254 1,292 -4.0% -2.9% Asia Pacific 261 260 -0.4% +0.4% Latin America 89 87 +13.1% +2.3% Middle East & Africa   68   61   +4.1%   +11.5% Total   2,315   2,325   +0.2%   -0.4% 2  REVENUE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 In the first nine months of 2016, Publicis Groupes consolidated revenue totaled 7,068 million euro, up 2.9% from 6,867 million euro for the corresponding period in 2015. Exchange rates adversely affected revenue by 150 million euro, i.e. the equivalent of 2.2% of revenue for the first nine months of 2015. Net acquisitions contributed 222 million euro during the first nine months, i.e. the equivalent of 3.2% of 2015 revenue for the same period. Growth at constant exchange rates was +5.2%, and organic growth stood at +1.9% at September 30, 2016. Breakdown of revenue at September 30, 2016 by region EUR   Revenue   Organic   Reported Million   9M 2016   9M 2015   growth   growth Europe 1,992   1,894 +6.2% +5.2% North America 3,874 3,767 -0.5% +2.8% Asia Pacific 764 746 +2.9% +2.4% Latin America 241 278 +5.1% -13.3% Middle East & Africa   197   182   +1.0%   +8.2% Total   7,068   6,867   +1.9%   +2.9% Europes revenue grew by 5.2%. When the impact of acquisitions and exchange rates is factored out, organic growth stands at +6.2%, with a strong performance in France (above 5%), and strong momentum in Germany and Italy (growth of close to 10%), helped by a more conducive macroeconomic environment. The situation was volatile in Russia where growth stood at more than 9% at September 30 after growth of almost 5% in the first half year. The UK has picked up sharply and recorded growth of almost 5% (including +7% in the third quarter). Digital continued to post high growth in Europe generally (+13.9%) North America reported growth of 2.8% at September 30, though organic growth was -0.5% (organic growth was -4.0% in the third quarter). This downturn was attributable to media subsequent to the loss of certain media accounts in the 2015 media palooza, as well as the end of several digital projects at a time when new projects have not reached their full growth potential yet. Asia Pacific reported growth of 2.4% (organic growth of 2.9%), with especially satisfactory performance levels in China and India. Latin America was down 13.3% on a reported basis mainly due to exchange rates as this area recorded positive organic growth of 5.1%. Brazil picked up to record strong revenue growth of 10.9% in the third quarter, and Mexico continued to boast high growth (+20.5% in Q3 after 11.5% in the first half year). The Middle East & Africa achieved reported growth of 8.2% and organic growth of 1.0%. Breakdown of revenue at September 30, 2016 by region: digital and analog   Europe   North   Asia   Latin   Middle East   Total         America   Pacific   America   & Africa     Digital   +13.9%   +0.3%   +19.2%   +3.2%   +7.8%   +4.9% Analog   -0.2%   -1.8%   -4.7%   +5.5%   -0.9%   -1.3% Total   +6.2%   -0.5%   +2.9%   +5.1%   +1.0%   +1.9% The Groupes growth continued to be driven by its digital activities (organic growth of +4.9%), with double-digit growth in Europe and Asia Pacific. North America only grew by +0.3% due to the media account losses of 2015 and the end of several digital projects when new projects have been recorded a slow start. Despite the Q3 slowdown of organic growth that can be ascribed to the very strong comparable period in 2015, Sapient continues to be buoyed posting a satisfactory growth rate at September 30. It should also be pointed out that analog activities continued to decline. 3  NET DEBT At September 30, 2016, net debt amounted to 2,452 million euro, compared with 1,872 million euro at December 31, 2015. The Groupes average net debt at September 30, 2016 was 2,443 million euro after 2,305 million euro at September 30, 2015. It should be recalled that the Sapient acquisition was completed on February 6, 2015. 4  HIGHLIGHTS AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 4.1 - Transformation During the first half of 2016, Publicis Groupe ended the traditional structure of the holding company and silos and has reorganized its operations by putting clients at the heart of the Groupe. Thus, clients have access to all the Groupe's capabilities ("The Power of One) to meet their needs in commerce, marketing or transformation. The Groupe should reap the benefits of this organization in the forthcoming quarters. The initial results are very promising with accounts gained that include Wal-Mart, P&Gs home care brands, Asda, GSK, HPE and USAA. 4.2  Digital Activities in digital and technology now represent 54% of Groupe revenue. The Sapient integration is going well and its performance is very satisfactory. Razorfish, which suffered headwinds for several quarters, recorded in the third quarter its best quarter ever in terms of new business in its history thanks to the support of Sapient and "The Power of One. 4.3  Groupe commitment to start-ups - Viva Technology Paris. In conjunction with Groupe les Echos, Publicis Groupe staged a global event in Paris bringing together start-ups and the main stakeholders in the digital environment. This rendez-vous, held from June 30 to July 2, attracted 5,000 start-ups, dozens of major industrial groups and investors, and included over 300 conferences with the top names in the global high-tech sector. With over 45,000 visitors in three days, Viva Technology proved a tremendous success and underscored the pre-eminent place of Publicis Groupe in the global digital economy. This event should be staged every year from now on. - Publicis90. On the occasion of its 90th anniversary, Publicis Groupe launched a project named Publicis90. The idea was to provide 90 projects or start-ups with financial aid and the support of the Groupes digital experts. After an initial phase of stringent selection over a period of several months, the winners were selected from among the 3,500 contestants from 130 countries, and received their awards at a ceremony held during Viva Technology. 4.4  Global partnership with Tencent Publicis Groupe has entered into a strategic partnership with Tencent, the internet giant that operates the most popular social and media platforms in China. This partnership is a first-of-its-kind collaboration between a global communications group and Chinas biggest internet company. It spans the Groupes three solutions hubs (Publicis Media, Publicis Communications and Publicis.Sapient) as well as Tencents eleven product lines. This agreement will cement the groups relationship at a global level while providing clients with access to all Tencents innovative solutions via a unique, borderless approach built on three pillars: - a tremendous capacity for innovation: through this partnership, Publicis Groupe and Tencent will launch an incubation facility in China called "Drugstore. The goal is to curate, invest in and cultivate the start-ups of the future. This will provide breakthrough offerings to our clients in data and ad tech, as well as across new virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) platforms; - an exceptional source of data: Publicis Groupe will have access to digital behavior databases that will benefit its clients through improved programmatic offerings and cross-screen planning capabilities; - innovative web content: the two companies will partner on the creation and co-investment of web-native content to drive unique content opportunities and new content models for key clients. 4.5 - Acquisitions - MercerBell is a leading Australian agency in the field of customer experience. MercerBell is specialized in CRM and digital strategy, creativity, content and technology, and will be integrated into Saatchi & Saatchi. This agency, which was founded in 1999, has a team of 65 professionals and a customer base that includes Toyota, Foxtel, Quantas, BT, Allianz and ASX. - Vertiba, the Salesforce partner, is specialized in marketing solutions. Founded in 2010, Vertiba is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado. Vertibas skills will be integrated into the Publicis.Sapient platform. - Seven Seconds, the London (UK) based e-commerce and digital specialist, was founded in 2013 and will be integrated into BBH. Its main clients are British Airways, Barclays, Boots, Tesco Retail and Tesco Bank. - Venus Communications is one of the leading public relations agencies in Vietnam. Venus has been integrated into the MSL brand, which in turn is part of Publicis One in Vietnam. Over the last 10 years, Venus and MSL have worked together successfully on numerous assignments. The agency, which was founded in 1998, has over 40 employees and a prestigious client portfolio that includes MasterCard, FedEx, Rolls Royce, BAT, Mead Johnson and Sanofi. - Troyka Group, in which Publicis Groupe has taken a stake, is West Africas first fully-integrated communications services group. The Troyka group is comprised of six agencies, i.e. Insight Communications, The Thinkshop, All Seasons Media, Media Perspectives, The Quadrant Company, and Hotsauce. Starting out with Insight Communications in 1980, the Troyka group now has 300 employees over six agencies across the entire region. The Troyka agencies work with prestigious international brands such as Heineken, Shell, Samsung, Unilever, Google, P&G, Microsoft, Ford and Axa, as well as with national brands including Oando, Nestoil, Africa Investor, Jagal, and Olam. Publicis Groupe has been investing regularly in Africa in recent years, in view of the high growth potential of this market. By way of this equity investment, Publicis Groupe will use Troyka to launch its network in Nigeria, thereby creating a powerful communications entity that will have a competitive edge in all skill sets in West Africa. 5 - OUTLOOK The Groupes transformation is the most radical ever imagined in its sector. It is being carried out to meet clients new requirements in selling their products or in their own transformation. Publicis Groupe has abolished the notion of holding company with silo-type operating structures. The results to date, obtained with the implementation of the new "Power of One organization, have been very promising, with accounts gained including Wal-Mart, Asda, P&Gs home care products, GSK, HPE, Coty and USAA. Publicis Groupe is confirming its previous guidance for 2016 in spite of the 250 to 300 basis point negative impact on the growth of the second half of 2016. On top, the fourth quarter is usually characterized by uncertainty surrounding advertisers budget management. We approach 2017 cautiously given the lack of visibility owing to elections in the US, France and Germany, and the consequences of "Brexit, not just for the UK for also for the rest of Europe. The Management Board will be proposing that the 2018 objective of a 42% payout (compared with 39.5% in 2015) be brought forward in respect of financial 2016. * * * Disclaimer Certain information contained in this document, other than historical information, may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. They are presented as at the date of this document and, other than as required by applicable law, Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you carefully to consider the risk factors that may affect its business, as set out in the 2015 Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com), including an unfavorable economic climate, an extremely competitive market sector, the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us at short notice, the fact that a substantial part of the Groups revenue is derived from certain key clients, conflicts of interest between advertisers active in the same sector, the Groups dependence on its directors and employees, laws and regulations which apply to the Groups business, legal action brought against the Group based on allegations that certain of the Groups commercials are deceptive or misleading or that the products of certain clients are defective, the strategy of growing through acquisitions, the depreciation of goodwill and assets listed on the Groups balance sheet, the Groups presence in emerging markets, the difficulty of ensuring internal controls, exposure to liquidity risk, a drop in the Groups credit rating and exposure to the risks of financial markets. About Publicis Groupe  The Power of One Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40] is a global leader in marketing, communication, and digital transformation. Active across the entire value chain, from consulting to creation, and production, Publicis Groupe offers its clients a transversal, unified and fluid model allowing them access to all the Groupes tools and expertise around the world. Publicis Groupe is organized across four Solutions hubs: Publicis Communications, Publicis Media, Publicis.Sapient and Publicis Health . These 4 Solutions hubs operate across principal markets, and are carried across all others by Publicis One. Publicis One is a fully integrated service offering making the Groupes expertise available to all clients, under one roof. Present in over 100 countries, Publicis Groupe employs nearly 80,000 professionals. www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook: www.facebook.com/publicisgroupe | LinkedIn: Publicis Groupe | http://www.youtube.com/user/PublicisGroupe | Viva la Difference ! Appendices Organic growth calculation               Currency impact (in million euro) Q1 Q2 Q3 9 months as of September 30, 2016 (in million euro) 2015 revenue 2,103 2,439 2,325 6,867 GBP (2)   (61) Currency impact (2) (20) (85) (45) (150) USD (2)   (6) 2015 revenue at 2016 exchange rates (a)   2,083   2,354   2,280   6,717 Others   (83) 2016 revenue before impact of acquisitions (1) (b) 2,144 2,418 2,284 6,846 Total   (150) Revenue from acquisitions (1) 147 44 31 222 2016 revenue 2,291 2,462 2,315 7,068 Organic growth (b/a)   +2.9%   +2.7%   +0.2%   +1.9%   (1)   Acquisitions (Star Reacher, Sapient, B2B, Expicient, Practice iLeo Romania, Relaxnews, C, Match Media, Domani, AKOM 360, TMC, Voden, 2DataFish, Frubis, The Solution Group, Glickman, TCC, First Click, August Media, Langland, PDI, MercerBell, Vertiba, Seven Seconds, Insight Redéfini, Venus Communications, Arcade, Digitouch, PT Publicis Metro Indonesia, PT Indonesia Media Exchange), net of disposals.   (2) EUR = USD 1.116 at end September 2016 vs. USD 1.114 at end September 2015 EUR = GBP 0.801 at end September 2016 vs. GBP 0.727 at end September 2015 New Business: Main wins as of September 30, 2016 PUBLICIS COMMUNICATIONS Volkswagen (China), Mondelez gum & candy (China), Wetherm (Greater China), Marubi (Greater China), Snapdeal (India), Yakult (Brazil), Carrefour (Brazil), Wine (Brazil), Movida (Brazil), Cadillac (USA), P&G Dish (USA), Acer Global (South Africa), Morrisons (UK), P&G (UK), Nestlé (UK), Belimo (Switzerland), Duracell International (Poland), Samsung / Brown Goods (Poland), Mlekpol (Poland), Experian (UK), Asda (UK), Netflix (USA), Macy's (USA), Marubi (China), BAIC international (China), L'Oréal (China), Petco (China), Health Promotion Board (Singapore), Snapdeal (India), Yakult (Brazil), Carrefour (Brazil), WINE (Brazil), Lactalis (Brazil), Movida (Brazil), Ladbrokes (Australia), Walmart (USA), Experian (UK), Omantel (United Arab Emirates), Sberbank (Russia), Porto Seguro (Brazil), Mondelez Tang (Brazil), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (USA), Hyundai (China), Nissan (China), Huawei (China), ampm convenience stores  BP (USA), USAA (USA) PUBLICIS MEDIA Shine Lawyers (Australia), Metricon Homes (Australia), EziBuy (Australia), AFL (Australia), Crosby Texter (Australia), BMBS/Daimler (China), DBS (Singapore/China/India), Shangri-La (China/Hong Kong), EDB (Ingapore), Urban Clap (India), Gander Mountain (USA), Snapchat (USA), THE One (UAE/GCC), Lidl (Denmark), ORCHESTRA (France), VTECH (France), FinexKap (France), Generali (Switzerland), INLAC (Spain), Worten (Spain), Pepe Jeans (Spain), 4 Finance (Poland), SAB Miller (Poland), OBI (Poland), Frisco (Poland), Nomad Foods (Europe), Deutsche Bahn (Germany), Masmovil (Spain), Asda (UK), Anacor Pharmaceuticals (USA), Discover (USA), Dole (USA), Groupon (USA), Motorola (USA), SGM (China), Tmall/Alibaba (China), YouXin (China), Coca Cola (Russia), The Study Group (Australia), DJI (Global), Aviva (Global), Air France (Global SEO), 888.com (Germany & Spain), Airbnb (Canada), Chick-fil-A (USA), Coty (Global), Dole Food (USA), eBay (USA), Ego Pharmaceuticals (Australia), eOne (Global), First Niagara Financial (USA), Foxtel (Australia), Hospital Corporation of America (USA), HP Enterprise (USA), Kayak (France), MYOB (Australia), Nostromo (Italy), OLX Inc (India), Percept H (Toyota) (India), Santa Lucia (Spain), Tmall (Alibaba) (China), USAA (USA), Wingstop (USA) PUBLICIS.SAPIENT Mastercard (Australia), Sunsuper (Australia), Pinpoint (Australia), Angies List (USA), Time Inc. (USA), Whole Foods (USA), Travelers (USA), Cardinal Health (USA), Genetech (USA), TransAmercia (USA), J Jill (USA), Silicon (USA), Starbucks (USA), CSM Bakery (USA), Manulife (Canada), Kering (UK), PGA Europe (UK), Congstar (Germany), Clinique Men (USA), ABBVie (USA), HCA (UK), CBL & Associates Properties (USA), Michael Kors (USA), Huawei (China), RBS (UK), Gallagher Bassett (USA), Cybersource (USA), UPS (USA), Cigna (USA), Wakefern (USA), USC Shoah Foundation (USA), Kelloggs (UK), Under Amour (USA), Sony (USA), Kellogg (UK), Glidden (USA), Hewlett Packard Enterprises (USA), USAA (USA) PUBLICIS ONE Acer (Indonesia), Electronic City (Indonesia), JDID (Indonesia), Scotiabank (Chile), Histadrut (Israel), Arkia (Israel), Mediamarkt (Turkey), BSH Ikiakes Syskeves A.B.E. (Greece), Nestlé (Greece), Newsphone Hellas (Greece), Dutch Government (Netherlands), Meetic (Netherlands), Cortefiel (Belgium), MCM (Belgium), NortSails (Belgium), Teva (Belgium), Walmart (Guatemala), Ferrero (Romania), Newsphone Hellas (Greece), Histadrut (Israel), Arkia (Israel), Cheli Maman (Israel), Anti-Drug Association (Israel), Scotiabank (Chile) 2016 press releases   13-01-2016     Publicis Communications Announces Priorities & Key Appointments   28-01-2016 Leadership change at Leo Burnett Worldwide   11-02-2016 2015 annual results   03-03-2016 Publicis.Sapient acquires Vertiba, a Salesforce Gold Consulting Partner   10-03-2016 MSL acquires Venus Communications Ltd in Vietnam   10-03-2016 Publicis Media Unfolds Its Organisation Powered by Four Global Brands - Starcom, Zenith, Mediavest | Spark, and Optimedia | Blue 449   17-03-2016 Publicis Groupe Partners with The Troyka Group in Nigeria   24-03-2016 Publicis Groupe Launches Sapient Inside: The Combined Power of Publicis Communications and the Publicis.Sapient Platform   31-03-2016 Publicis Groupe Named the Most Attractive Employer in the Services Sector by the Randstad Awards   31-03-2016 Publicis One Announces its Global and Regional Leadership   21-04-2016 Q1 2016 revenue   28-04-2016 Publicis One announces its local leadership in Philippines   18-05-2016 Publicis Media announces leadership in France   25-05-2016 Combined General Shareholders Meeting   01-06-2016 Publicis Groupe announces Chief Revenue Officers sabbatical to deal with family issue. Laura Desmond to return January 1, 2017   01-06-2016 Decision by JCDecaux to abandon its proposed acquisition of 67% of the Metrobus share capital held by Publicis Groupe   07-06-2016 ANA Report: Publicis Groupe Statement   13-06-2016 Agreement with Samsung to end the discussions regarding a possible investment in Cheil Wordwide alongside associated collaboration   01-07-2016 Publicis90: Publicis Groupe is Financing 90 Startups at #vivatech   01-07-2016 Publicis Groupe and Tencent Sign Historic Global Partnership   12-07-2016 Publicis Groupe and Walmart Stores, Inc. Launch a Strategic Relationship   21-07-2016 First half 2016 results   03-08-2016 Resignation of Kevin Roberts Head Coach de Publicis Groupe, Executive Chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi/Fallon, Member of the Management Board   14-09-2016 Appointment of Valérie Decamp as CEO of Metrobus, and of Gérard Unger as Non-Executive Chairman   22-09-2016 Publicis Communications Announces Key Appointments as It Accelerates on Its Transformation   Definitions EBITDA: operating margin before depreciation. Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs, other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions). Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of revenue. Headline Group Net Income: Group net income after elimination of impairment charges, amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions, main capital gains (or losses) on disposals and revaluation of earn-out payments EPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares, not diluted. EPS, diluted (Earnings per share, diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares, diluted. Headline EPS, diluted (Headline Earnings per share, diluted): Group net income after elimination of impairment charges, amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions, main capital gains (or losses) on disposals and revaluation of earn-out payments, divided by average number of shares, diluted. Capex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets, excluding financial investments and other financial assets. ROCE (Return On Capital Employed): Operating Margin after Tax (using Effective Tax Rate) / Average employed capital. Capital employed include Saatchi & Saatchi goodwill which is not recognised in consolidated accounts under IFRS. Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives, net of treasury and cash equivalents. Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month. Dividend pay-out: Dividend per share / EPS. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161020005539/en/ FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Nachrichten zu Publicis Groupe S.A. Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Peer Group ? Sprache: Alle DE EN Sortieren: Datum meistgelesen 27.10.16 Publicis Groupe S.A. -- Moody's assigns Baa2 rating to Publicis' EUR700 million senior unsecured notes (Moodys) 17.02.16 Publicis Groupe Wants to Train Executives on Buying Ads Programmatically (EN, The Wall Street Journal Deutschland) 17.12.15 PUBLICIS GROUPE AND GROUPE LES ECHOS CREATE VIVA TECHNOLOGY STARTUP CONNECT PARIS 2016 (Globe Newswire) 02.12.15 Publicis Groupe Announces Important Nominations and its Transformation Plan (Globe Newswire) Um Ihnen die Übersicht über die große Anzahl an Nachrichten, die jeden Tag für ein Unternehmen erscheinen, etwas zu erleichtern, haben wir den Nachrichtenfeed in folgende Kategorien aufgeteilt: Relevant: Nachrichten von ausgesuchten Quellen, die sich im Speziellen mit diesem Unternehmen befassen Alle: Alle Nachrichten, die dieses Unternehmen betreffen. Z.B. auch Marktberichte die außerdem auch andere Unternehmen betreffen vom Unternehmen: Nachrichten und Adhoc-Meldungen, die vom Unternehmen selbst veröffentlicht werden Peer Group: Nachrichten von Unternehmen, die zur Peer Group gehören mehr Publicis Groupe NewsRSS Feed Publicis Groupe zu myNews hinzufügen (was ist das?) Analysen zu Publicis Groupe S.A. Alle Buy Hold Sell ? 29.07.2013 Publicis Groupe verkaufen Citigroup Corp. 29.07.2013 Publicis Groupe kaufen Exane-BNP Paribas SA 29.07.2013 Publicis Groupe halten UBS AG 15.02.2013 Publicis Groupe kaufen J.P. Morgan 15.02.2013 Publicis Groupe halten Nomura 29.07.2013 Publicis Groupe kaufen Exane-BNP Paribas SA 15.02.2013 Publicis Groupe kaufen J.P. Morgan 17.10.2012 Publicis Groupe outperform Exane-BNP Paribas SA 14.09.2012 Publicis Groupe kaufen Hanseatischer Börsendienst 13.07.2012 Publicis Groupe outperform Exane-BNP Paribas SA 29.07.2013 Publicis Groupe halten UBS AG 15.02.2013 Publicis Groupe halten Nomura 05.12.2012 Publicis Groupe neutral Nomura 30.11.2012 Publicis Groupe hold Société Générale Group S.A. (SG) 08.11.2012 Publicis Groupe neutral UBS AG 29.07.2013 Publicis Groupe verkaufen Citigroup Corp. 10.12.2012 Publicis Groupe sell Deutsche Bank AG 13.09.2007 Publicis sell Citigroup Corp. Um die Übersicht zu verbessern, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, die Analysen für Publicis Groupe S.A. nach folgenden Kriterien zu filtern. Alle: Alle Empfehlungen Buy: Kaufempfehlungen wie z.B. "kaufen" oder "buy" Hold: Halten-Empfehlungen wie z.B. "halten" oder "neutral" Sell: Verkaufsempfehlungn wie z.B. "verkaufen" oder "reduce"mehr Analysen Newssuche GO Meistgelesene Publicis Groupe News Keine Nachrichten gefunden.Weitere Publicis Groupe News Inside Anzeige BNP Paribas: Rendezvous mit Harry | Heute um 19:00 Uhr LIVE mit Börsenprofi Harald Weygand Chart Flash zum Euro/US-Dollar vom 14.11.2016 UBS: Apple Inc.: Neuer Abwärtstrend etabliert sich HSBC: Deutsche Bank - 50% über Allzeittief - na und?! DZ BANK: Deutsche Telekom: Q3 im Rahmen der Erwartungen DekaBank: Acht neue Aktienanleihen auf europäische Standardtitel, den DekaFonds CF sowie den Deka-DividendenStrategie CF (A) Vontobel: Video: Make America great again? Dollar folgt Peso nach Trump-Sieg in Keller - Baubranche vor Boom Commerzbank: DAX  Bullen weiter am Ruder? Anzeige Zalando - Wie der Online-Händler seine Gewinn­margen kräftig steigern will!Der Einkauf von Waren im Internet gehört zu den Megatrends des 21. Jahrhunderts. Laut einer Erhebung des Digitalverbands Bitkom shoppen 98% aller Internet-Nutzer inzwischen online, wobei mehr als drei Viertel mehrmals im Monat Produkte über das Internet ordern. Lesen Sie in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Anlegermagazins, warum Zalando zu den Profiteuren dieses Megatrends gehört und wie es seine Gewinnmargen weiter steigern will. Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zur Publicis Groupe-Aktie Kurs + Chart Bilanz/GuV Times + Sales Schätzungen Börsenplätze Rating Orderbuch Vergleich Historisch Ausblick Chart-Analyse Dividende/HV Realtimekurs Termine Analysen Insidertrades Kursziele Profil Fundamentalanalyse Fonds Publicis Groupe Peer Group News 09.11.16 Werbeholding Interpublic zahlt eine unveränderte Dividende 02.11.16 Pfizer Delivers Another Solid Quarter Of Organic Growth 02.11.16 Pfizer Delivers Another Solid Quarter Of Organic Growth 02.11.16 Blackbaud. Inc. Earnings Rise on Strong Organic Growth 01.11.16 Allegion Receives Imperial Upgrade Following Q3's Strong Organic Growth 27.10.16 Coca-Cola's Organic Revenue Grows 3% In Q3; Results Marred By Structural Changes 26.10.16 Western Union Becomes #2 Most Shorted S&P 500 Component. Replacing Omnicom Group 21.10.16 Honeywell's Profit Falls as Organic Sales Decline 20.10.16 Nestle cuts sales outlook as 9-month organic growth disappoints 19.10.16 Despite Its Challenges. Omnicom Group Continues to Grow News von Regierung erklärt 10.000 türkische Pässe für ungültig China zahlt Traumpreise für deutsches Hightech Umstrittener Gigaliner überrascht im Praxistest Stuttgart ist Deutschlands Kulturhauptstadt News von Kaufsignal voraus: Acht Aktien, die fundamental und charttechnisch überzeugen Unterbewertet: Deutschlands günstigste Aktien - Welche Sie jetzt kaufen sollten Deutsche Bank-Aktie und Commerzbank setzen Rallye fort Commerzbank im Rallye-Modus: Wie weit die Aktie noch laufen kann Endspurt 2016: Diese Aktien versprechen bis Jahresende die höchste Rendite News von Google-Gründer Sergey Brin: Diese zwei Bücher haben mein Leben verändert Die neue First Lady: Das müssen Sie über Melania Trump wissen Wie die Fashion-Branche Muslimas als Kundinnen entdeckt Finanzplanerin erzählt: Diese unglaublich dummen Dinge machen Menschen tatsächlich mit ihrem Geld Wie man in einem Jahr eine Million verdient Heute im Fokus DAX schließt im Plus -- Wall Street schließt uneinheitlich -- RWE legt schwache Zahlen vor -- Samsung will Harman übernehmen -- Siemens kauft Mentor Graphics -- Audi, Alibaba, Toyota im Fokus Deutsche Bank sieht sich noch nicht reif für Fusionen. 10-jährige Rendite deutscher Anleihen klettert auf höchsten Stand seit Januar. Singulus-Aktie hebt ab: Großauftrag schlägt sich in Quartalszahlen nieder. Trump will als Präsident nur einen Dollar verdienen. Japans Wirtschaft wächst stärker als erwartet. NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 01:27 Uhr Stuttgarter Nachrichten: Präsidentschaftskandidat Steinmeier 01:20 Uhr United Company RUSAL Plc: Continuing Connected Transactions Transport Logistics Services Contract 00:34 Uhr Press Release: aap: Q3/2016 sales and EBITDA within the guidance; North America sales in 9M/2016 above expectations; important progress in LOQTEQ(R) portfoli... 00:32 Uhr RNZ: Parteienforscher Korte: Steinmeier muss das Land zusammenhalten 00:20 Uhr GlobeNewswire/aap: Umsatz und EBITDA in Q3/2016 -2- 00:20 Uhr GlobeNewswire/aap: Umsatz und EBITDA in Q3/2016 im Rahmen der Guidance; Nordamerika-Umsatz in 9M/2016 über den Erwartungen; Wichtige Fortschritte beim Aus... 00:20 Uhr Press Release: aap: Q3/2016 sales and EBITDA -2- 00:20 Uhr Press Release: aap: Q3/2016 sales and EBITDA within the guidance; North America sales in 9M/2016 above expectations; important progress in LOQTEQ(R) portfoli... TOP-RANKINGS KW 45: Analysten-Flops der WocheDiese Aktien stehen auf den Verkauflisten der ExpertenJetzt durchklicken Die 12 toten Topverdiener 2015 Diese Legenden sind die bestbezahlten Toten der WeltJetzt durchklicken KW 45: Analysten-Tops der WocheDiese Aktien stehen auf den Kauflisten der ExpertenJetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Negativ-Ranking für AutobauerDie Eigenzulassungen 2015Jetzt durchklicken Die innovativsten Unternehmen 2015Diese Firmen sind innovativJetzt durchklicken Die Städte mit den längsten Staus 2015In diesen Städten stehen Sie am längsten im StauJetzt durchklicken Die besten Universitäten der Welt Das sind die besten UniversitätenJetzt durchklicken Brand Finance Global 2016Die wertvollsten Marken 2016Jetzt durchklickenmehr Top Rankings Umfrage Nach der SPD hat sich auch die CDU hinter Frank-Walter Steinmeier als neuen Bundespräsidenten gestellt. Was halten Sie von unserem Bundesaußenminister? Steinmeier wäre sicher ein guter Bundespräsident. Ich halte ihn für ungeeignet. Keine Meinung. AbstimmenDirekt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus allen Welten: Die Informationswelt von finanzen.net und handeln zum Festpreis von 5 Euro. Das geht nur bei finanzen.net Brokerage.Jetzt informieren Kontakt Impressum Werben Presse Sitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.net Datenschutz Disclaimer Nutzungsbedingungen Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Aktien Prime Standard:0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2016 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox

Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PUBLICIS AKTIE»Publicis Groupe: Third Quarter 2016 Revenue PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 59,39  Euro -0,227 -0,38 % WKN: 859386  ISIN: FR0000130577 Ticker-Symbol: PU4  Frankfurt | 14.11.16 | 08:08 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheDienstleistungen AktienmarktEURONEXT-100 CAC-40 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,70 59,88 14.11. 59,14 59,40 14.11. 20.10.2016 | 07:40 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) GlobeNewswire (Europe)·Mehr Nachrichten von GlobeNewswire (Europe) Publicis Groupe: Third Quarter 2016 Revenue Third Quarter 2016 Revenue October 20, 2016 3rd Quarter 2016      Revenue € 2,315 million Reported growth -0.4% Growth at constant exchange rates +1.5% Organic growth +0.2%     At September 30, 2016     Revenue € 7,068 million  Reported growth +2.9% Growth at constant exchange rates +5.2% Organic growth +1.9%      Maurice Lévy, Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:   « Publicis Groupe's revenue at September 30, 2016 was up 2.9% over the corresponding period in 2015, and by 5.2% when exchange rates are factored out.  Organic growth for the period was 1.9%.  Unsurprisingly, growth decelerated in the third quarter to 0.2%.  As announced, the third and fourth quarters of the year are the most significantly impacted by accounts lost in the media palooza.  This was compounded by projects recently completed at Razorfish that will only be relayed by new projects in the fourth quarter, but that will produce their full effect in 2017.  Therefore, on the geographical standpoint, North America showed a sharp downturn (-4.0%) while Europe reported a strong growth (+7.6%).   As anticipated, it is in 2017 that we will reap the full benefits of the new "Power of One" organization we are implementing.  The initial results are already there, as evidenced by the large accounts awarded to us by advertisers such as Wal-Mart, GSK, HPE, Coty and USAA.  It is worth noting "The Power of One" has been very successful at Razorfish which experienced the best ever quarter for new business.   Regarding the fourth quarter, like every year, economic uncertainties can result in marketing investments becoming the adjustment variable in the equation towards the end of the year.  We have nonetheless confidence in our ability to reach our objectives, which is why the Management Board has moved that the 42% payout ratio we had been targeting for 2018 be decided as of 2016.   As indicated quite some time ago, the formal process of identifying my successor will commence in November, leading to a decision to be taken by the Supervisory Board, no later than at its meeting of February 2017. »     1 - Q3 2016 REVENUE   Publicis Groupe's consolidated revenue for the third quarter of 2016 was 2,315 million euro, 0.4% below the 2,325 million euro reported for the corresponding period in 2015.  Exchange rates impacted revenue negatively by 45 million euro, i.e. the equivalent of 1.9% of Q3 2015 revenue.  Net acquisitions contributed 31 million euro to revenue in Q3 2016, i.e. the equivalent of 1.3% of Q3 2015 revenue.  Growth at constant exchange rates was +1.5%.   Organic growth was +0.2% in the third quarter, below the growth rate at June 30 due to the more significant impact of media accounts lost in the 2015 media palooza - an impact that will remain high in Q4 - and to the end of several digital projects when new projects have not reached their full growth potential yet. Breakdown of Q3 2016 revenue by region   EUR  Revenue Organic  Reported Million Q3 2016 Q3 2015 growth growth Europe 643 625 +7.6% +2.9% North America 1,254 1,292 -4.0% -2.9% Asia Pacific 261 260 -0.4% +0.4% Latin America 89 87 +13.1% +2.3% Middle East & Africa 68 61 +4.1% +11.5% Total 2,315 2,325 +0.2% -0.4%     2 - REVENUE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   In the first nine months of 2016, Publicis Groupe's consolidated revenue totaled 7,068 million euro, up 2.9% from 6,867 million euro for the corresponding period in 2015.  Exchange rates adversely affected revenue by 150 million euro, i.e. the equivalent of 2.2% of revenue for the first nine months of 2015.  Net acquisitions contributed 222 million euro during the first nine months, i.e. the equivalent of 3.2% of 2015 revenue for the same period.  Growth at constant exchange rates was +5.2%, and organic growth stood at +1.9% at September 30, 2016.   Breakdown of revenue at September 30, 2016 by region   EUR  Revenue Organic  Reported Million 9M 2016 9M 2015 growth growth Europe 1,992 1,894 +6.2% +5.2% North America 3,874 3,767 -0.5% +2.8% Asia Pacific 764 746 +2.9% +2.4% Latin America 241 278 +5.1% -13.3% Middle East & Africa 197 182 +1.0% +8.2% Total 7,068 6,867 +1.9% +2.9%   Europe's revenue grew by 5.2%.  When the impact of acquisitions and exchange rates is factored out, organic growth stands at +6.2%, with a strong performance in France (above 5%), and strong momentum in Germany and Italy (growth of close to 10%), helped by a more conducive macroeconomic environment.  The situation was volatile in Russia where growth stood at more than 9% at September 30 after growth of almost 5% in the first half year.  The UK has picked up sharply and recorded growth of almost 5% (including +7% in the third quarter). Digital continued to post high growth in Europe generally (+13.9%)   North America reported growth of 2.8% at September 30, though organic growth was -0.5% (organic growth was -4.0% in the third quarter).  This downturn was attributable to media subsequent to the loss of certain media accounts in the 2015 media palooza, as well as the end of several digital projects at a time when new projects have not reached their full growth potential yet.   Asia Pacific reported growth of 2.4% (organic growth of 2.9%), with especially satisfactory performance levels in China and India.   Latin America was down 13.3% on a reported basis mainly due to exchange rates as this area recorded positive organic growth of 5.1%.  Brazil picked up to record strong revenue growth of 10.9% in the third quarter, and Mexico continued to boast high growth (+20.5% in Q3 after 11.5% in the first half year).    The Middle East & Africa achieved reported growth of 8.2% and organic growth of 1.0%.   Breakdown of revenue at September 30, 2016 by region: digital and analog     Europe North America Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East & Africa Total Digital +13.9% +0.3% +19.2% +3.2% +7.8% +4.9% Analog -0.2% -1.8% -4.7% +5.5% -0.9% -1.3% Total +6.2% -0.5% +2.9% +5.1% +1.0% +1.9%   The Groupe's growth continued to be driven by its digital activities (organic growth of +4.9%), with double-digit growth in Europe and Asia Pacific.  North America only grew by +0.3% due to the media account losses of 2015 and the end of several digital projects when new projects have been recorded a slow start.  Despite the Q3 slowdown of organic growth that can be ascribed to the very strong comparable period in 2015, Sapient continues to be buoyed posting a satisfactory growth rate at September 30.  It should also be pointed out that analog activities continued to decline.   3 - NET DEBT   At September 30, 2016, net debt amounted to 2,452 million euro, compared with 1,872 million euro at December 31, 2015.  The Groupe's average net debt at September 30, 2016 was 2,443 million euro after 2,305 million euro at September 30, 2015.  It should be recalled that the Sapient acquisition was completed on February 6, 2015.     4 - HIGHLIGHTS AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   4.1 - Transformation   During the first half of 2016, Publicis Groupe ended the traditional structure of the holding company and silos and has reorganized its operations by putting clients at the heart of the Groupe. Thus, clients have access to all the Groupe's capabilities ("The Power of One") to meet their needs in commerce, marketing or transformation.   The Groupe should reap the benefits of this organization in the forthcoming quarters.  The initial results are very promising with accounts gained that include Wal-Mart, P&G's home care brands, Asda, GSK, HPE and USAA.   4.2 - Digital    Activities in digital and technology now represent 54% of Groupe revenue. The Sapient integration is going well and its performance is very satisfactory. Razorfish, which suffered headwinds for several quarters, recorded in the third quarter its best quarter ever in terms of new business in its history thanks to the support of Sapient and "The Power of One".   4.3 - Groupe commitment to start-ups   -    Viva Technology Paris. In conjunction with Groupe les Echos, Publicis Groupe staged a global event in Paris bringing together start-ups and the main stakeholders in the digital environment.  This rendez-vous, held from June 30 to July 2, attracted 5,000 start-ups, dozens of major industrial groups and investors, and included over 300 conferences with the top names in the global high-tech sector.  With over 45,000 visitors in three days, Viva Technology proved a tremendous success and underscored the pre-eminent place of Publicis Groupe in the global digital economy.  This event should be staged every year from now on. -    Publicis90. On the occasion of its 90th anniversary, Publicis Groupe launched a project named Publicis90. The idea was to provide 90 projects or start-ups with financial aid and the support of the Groupe's digital experts.  After an initial phase of stringent selection over a period of several months, the winners were selected from among the 3,500 contestants from 130 countries, and received their awards at a ceremony held during Viva Technology.   4.4 - Global partnership with Tencent   Publicis Groupe has entered into a strategic partnership with Tencent, the internet giant that operates the most popular social and media platforms in China.  This partnership is a first-of-its-kind collaboration between a global communications group and China's biggest internet company.  It spans the Groupe's three solutions hubs (Publicis Media, Publicis Communications and Publicis.Sapient) as well as Tencent's eleven product lines.  This agreement will cement the groups' relationship at a global level while providing clients with access to all Tencent's innovative solutions via a unique, borderless approach built on three pillars: -    a tremendous capacity for innovation: through this partnership, Publicis Groupe and Tencent will launch an incubation facility in China called "Drugstore".  The goal is to curate, invest in and cultivate the start-ups of the future.  This will provide breakthrough offerings to our clients in data and ad tech, as well as across new virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) platforms; -    an exceptional source of data: Publicis Groupe will have access to digital behavior databases that will benefit its clients through improved programmatic offerings and cross-screen planning capabilities; -    innovative web content: the two companies will partner on the creation and co-investment of web-native content to drive unique content opportunities and new content models for key clients.   4.5 - Acquisitions   -    MercerBell is a leading Australian agency in the field of customer experience. MercerBell is specialized in CRM and digital strategy, creativity, content and technology, and will be integrated into Saatchi & Saatchi. This agency, which was founded in 1999, has a team of 65 professionals and a customer base that includes Toyota, Foxtel, Quantas, BT, Allianz and ASX. -    Vertiba, the Salesforce partner, is specialized in marketing solutions.  Founded in 2010, Vertiba is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado.  Vertiba's skills will be integrated into the Publicis.Sapient platform. -    Seven Seconds, the London (UK) based e-commerce and digital specialist, was founded in 2013 and will be integrated into BBH.  Its main clients are British Airways, Barclays, Boots, Tesco Retail and Tesco Bank. -    Venus Communications is one of the leading public relations agencies in Vietnam.  Venus has been integrated into the MSL brand, which in turn is part of Publicis One in Vietnam.  Over the last 10 years, Venus and MSL have worked together successfully on numerous assignments. The agency, which was founded in 1998, has over 40 employees and a prestigious client portfolio that includes MasterCard, FedEx, Rolls Royce, BAT, Mead Johnson and Sanofi.  -    Troyka Group, in which Publicis Groupe has taken a stake, is West Africa's first fully-integrated communications services group.  The Troyka group is comprised of six agencies, i.e. Insight Communications, The Thinkshop, All Seasons Media, Media Perspectives, The Quadrant Company, and Hotsauce.  Starting out with Insight Communications in 1980, the Troyka group now has 300 employees over six agencies across the entire region.  The Troyka agencies work with prestigious international brands such as Heineken, Shell, Samsung, Unilever, Google, P&G, Microsoft, Ford and Axa, as well as with national brands including Oando, Nestoil, Africa Investor, Jagal, and Olam.  Publicis Groupe has been investing regularly in Africa in recent years, in view of the high growth potential of this market.  By way of this equity investment, Publicis Groupe will use Troyka to launch its network in Nigeria, thereby creating a powerful communications entity that will have a competitive edge in all skill sets in West Africa.     5 - OUTLOOK   The Groupe's transformation is the most radical ever imagined in its sector.  It is being carried out to meet clients' new requirements in selling their products or in their own transformation.  Publicis Groupe has abolished the notion of holding company with silo-type operating structures.  The results to date, obtained with the implementation of the new "Power of One" organization, have been very promising, with accounts gained including Wal-Mart, Asda, P&G's home care products, GSK, HPE, Coty and USAA.   Publicis Groupe is confirming its previous guidance for 2016 in spite of the 250 to 300 basis point negative impact on the growth of the second half of 2016.  On top, the fourth quarter is usually characterized by uncertainty surrounding advertisers' budget management.  We approach 2017 cautiously given the lack of visibility owing to elections in the US, France and Germany, and the consequences of "Brexit", not just for the UK for also for the rest of Europe.    The Management Board will be proposing that the 2018 objective of a 42% payout (compared with 39.5% in 2015) be brought forward in respect of financial 2016.       *         * *     Disclaimer   Certain information contained in this document, other than historical information, may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts.  These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.  They are presented as at the date of this document and, other than as required by applicable law, Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason.  Publicis Groupe urges you carefully to consider the risk factors that may affect its business, as set out in the 2015 Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com), including an unfavorable economic climate, an extremely competitive market sector, the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us at short notice, the fact that a substantial part of the Group's revenue is derived from certain key clients, conflicts of interest between advertisers active in the same sector, the Group's dependence on its directors and employees, laws and regulations which apply to the Group's business, legal action brought against the Group based on allegations that certain of the Group's commercials are deceptive or misleading or that the products of certain clients are defective, the strategy of growing through acquisitions, the depreciation of goodwill and assets listed on the Group's balance sheet, the Group's presence in emerging markets, the difficulty of ensuring internal controls, exposure to liquidity risk, a drop in the Group's credit rating and exposure to the risks of financial markets.     About Publicis Groupe - The Power of One Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40] is a global leader in marketing, communication, and digital transformation. Active across the entire value chain, from consulting to creation, and production, Publicis Groupe offers its clients a transversal, unified and fluid model allowing them access to all the Groupe's tools and expertise around the world. Publicis Groupe is organized across four Solutions hubs: Publicis Communications, Publicis Media, Publicis.Sapient and Publicis Health . These 4 Solutions hubs operate across principal markets, and are carried across all others by Publicis One. Publicis One is a fully integrated service offering making the Groupe's expertise available to all clients, under one roof. Present in over 100 countries, Publicis Groupe employs nearly 80,000 professionals. www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook: www.facebook.com/publicisgroupe | LinkedIn: Publicis Groupe | http://www.youtube.com/user/PublicisGroupe | Viva la Difference !   Contacts   Publicis Groupe Peggy Nahmany Corporate Communications + 33 (0)1 44 43 72 83 peggy.nahmany@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 (0)1 44 43 77 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Chi-Chung Lo Investor Relations + 33 (0)1 44 43 66 69 chi-chung.lo@publicisgroupe.com Appendices   Organic growth calculation (in million euro) Q1 Q2 Q3 9 months   Currency impact  as of September 30, 2016 (in million euro) 2015 revenue 2,103 2,439 2,325 6,867   GBP (2) (61) Currency impact (2) (20) (85) (45) (150)   USD (2) (6) 2015 revenue at 2016 exchange rates (a) 2,083 2,354 2,280 6,717   Others (83) 2016 revenue before impact of acquisitions (1) (b) 2,144 2,418 2,284 6,846   Total (150) Revenue from acquisitions (1) 147 44 31 222     2016 revenue 2,291 2,462 2,315 7,068     Organic growth (b/a) +2.9% +2.7% +0.2% +1.9%       (1) Acquisitions (Star Reacher, Sapient, B2B, Expicient, Practice iLeo Romania, Relaxnews, C, Match Media, Domani, AKOM 360, TMC, Voden, 2DataFish, Frubis, The Solution Group, Glickman, TCC, First Click, August Media, Langland, PDI, MercerBell, Vertiba, Seven Seconds, Insight Redéfini, Venus Communications, Arcade, Digitouch, PT Publicis Metro Indonesia, PT Indonesia Media Exchange), net of disposals. (2) EUR = USD 1.116 at end September 2016 vs. USD 1.114 at end September 2015 EUR = GBP 0.801 at end September 2016 vs. GBP 0.727 at end September 2015       New Business: Main wins as of September 30, 2016     Volkswagen (China), Mondelez gum & candy (China), Wetherm (Greater China), Marubi (Greater China), Snapdeal (India), Yakult (Brazil), Carrefour (Brazil), Wine (Brazil), Movida (Brazil), Cadillac (USA), P&G Dish (USA), Acer Global (South Africa), Morrisons (UK), P&G (UK), Nestlé (UK), Belimo (Switzerland), Duracell International (Poland), Samsung / Brown Goods (Poland), Mlekpol (Poland), Experian (UK), Asda (UK), Netflix (USA), Macy's (USA), Marubi (China), BAIC international (China), L'Oréal (China), Petco (China), Health Promotion Board (Singapore), Snapdeal (India), Yakult (Brazil), Carrefour (Brazil), WINE (Brazil), Lactalis (Brazil), Movida (Brazil), Ladbrokes (Australia), Walmart (USA), Experian (UK), Omantel (United Arab Emirates), Sberbank (Russia), Porto Seguro (Brazil), Mondelez -Tang (Brazil), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (USA), Hyundai (China), Nissan (China), Huawei (China), ampm convenience stores - BP (USA), USAA (USA) Shine Lawyers (Australia), Metricon Homes (Australia), EziBuy (Australia), AFL (Australia), Crosby Texter (Australia), BMBS/Daimler (China), DBS (Singapore/China/India), Shangri-La (China/Hong Kong), EDB (Ingapore), Urban Clap (India), Gander Mountain (USA), Snapchat (USA), THE One (UAE/GCC), Lidl (Denmark), ORCHESTRA (France), VTECH (France), FinexKap (France), Generali (Switzerland), INLAC (Spain), Worten (Spain), Pepe Jeans (Spain), 4 Finance (Poland), SAB Miller (Poland), OBI (Poland), Frisco (Poland), Nomad Foods (Europe), Deutsche Bahn (Germany), Masmovil (Spain), Asda (UK), Anacor Pharmaceuticals (USA), Discover (USA), Dole (USA), Groupon (USA), Motorola (USA), SGM (China), Tmall/Alibaba (China), YouXin (China), Coca Cola (Russia), The Study Group (Australia), DJI (Global), Aviva (Global), Air France (Global SEO), 888.com (Germany & Spain), Airbnb (Canada), Chick-fil-A (USA), Coty (Global), Dole Food (USA), eBay (USA), Ego Pharmaceuticals (Australia), eOne (Global), First Niagara Financial  (USA), Foxtel (Australia), Hospital Corporation of America (USA), HP Enterprise (USA), Kayak (France), MYOB (Australia), Nostromo (Italy), OLX Inc (India), Percept H (Toyota) (India), Santa Lucia (Spain), Tmall (Alibaba) (China), USAA (USA), Wingstop (USA) Mastercard (Australia), Sunsuper (Australia), Pinpoint (Australia), Angie's List (USA), Time Inc. (USA), Whole Foods (USA), Travelers (USA), Cardinal Health (USA), Genetech (USA), TransAmercia (USA), J Jill (USA), Silicon (USA), Starbucks (USA), CSM Bakery (USA), Manulife (Canada), Kering (UK), PGA Europe (UK), Congstar (Germany), Clinique Men (USA), ABBVie (USA), HCA (UK), CBL & Associates Properties (USA), Michael Kors (USA), Huawei (China), RBS (UK), Gallagher Bassett (USA), Cybersource (USA), UPS (USA), Cigna (USA), Wakefern (USA), USC Shoah Foundation (USA), Kelloggs (UK), Under Amour (USA), Sony (USA), Kellogg (UK), Glidden (USA), Hewlett Packard Enterprises (USA), USAA (USA) Acer (Indonesia), Electronic City (Indonesia), JDID (Indonesia), Scotiabank (Chile), Histadrut (Israel), Arkia (Israel), Mediamarkt (Turkey), BSH Ikiakes Syskeves A.B.E. (Greece), Nestlé (Greece), Newsphone Hellas (Greece), Dutch Government (Netherlands), Meetic (Netherlands), Cortefiel (Belgium), MCM (Belgium), NortSails (Belgium), Teva (Belgium), Walmart (Guatemala), Ferrero (Romania), Newsphone Hellas (Greece), Histadrut (Israel), Arkia (Israel), Cheli Maman (Israel), Anti-Drug Association (Israel), Scotiabank (Chile)     2016 press releases 13-01-2016      Publicis Communications Announces Priorities & Key Appointments 28-01-2016      Leadership change at Leo Burnett Worldwide 11-02-2016      2015 annual results 03-03-2016      Publicis.Sapient acquires Vertiba, a Salesforce Gold Consulting Partner 10-03-2016      MSL acquires Venus Communications Ltd in Vietnam 10-03-2016      Publicis Media Unfolds Its Organisation Powered by Four Global Brands - Starcom, Zenith, Mediavest | Spark, and Optimedia | Blue 449 17-03-2016      Publicis Groupe Partners with The Troyka Group in Nigeria 24-03-2016      Publicis Groupe Launches Sapient Inside: The Combined Power of Publicis Communications and the Publicis.Sapient Platform 31-03-2016      Publicis Groupe Named the Most Attractive Employer in the Services Sector by the Randstad Awards 31-03-2016      Publicis One Announces its Global and Regional Leadership 21-04-2016      Q1 2016 revenue 28-04-2016      Publicis One announces its local leadership in Philippines 18-05-2016      Publicis Media announces leadership in France 25-05-2016      Combined General Shareholders' Meeting 01-06-2016      Publicis Groupe announces Chief Revenue Officer's sabbatical to deal with family issue. Laura Desmond to return January 1, 2017 01-06-2016      Decision by JCDecaux to abandon its proposed acquisition of 67% of the Metrobus share capital held by Publicis Groupe 07-06-2016      ANA Report: Publicis Groupe Statement 13-06-2016      Agreement with Samsung to end the discussions regarding a possible investment in Cheil Wordwide alongside associated collaboration 01-07-2016      Publicis90: Publicis Groupe is Financing 90 Startups at vivatech 01-07-2016      Publicis Groupe and Tencent Sign Historic Global Partnership 12-07-2016      Publicis Groupe and Walmart Stores, Inc. Launch a Strategic Relationship 21-07-2016      First half 2016 results 03-08-2016      Resignation of Kevin Roberts Head Coach de Publicis Groupe, Executive Chairman of Saatchi & Saatchi/Fallon, Member of the Management Board 14-09-2016      Appointment of Valérie Decamp as CEO of Metrobus, and of Gérard Unger as Non-Executive Chairman  22-09-2016      Publicis Communications Announces Key Appointments as It Accelerates on Its Transformation   Definitions   EBITDA: operating margin before depreciation. Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs, other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions).  Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of revenue. Headline Group Net Income: Group net income after elimination of impairment charges, amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions, main capital gains (or losses) on disposals and revaluation of earn-out payments  EPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares, not diluted. EPS, diluted (Earnings per share, diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares, diluted. Headline EPS, diluted (Headline Earnings per share, diluted): Group net income after elimination of impairment charges, amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions, main capital gains (or losses) on disposals and revaluation of earn-out payments, divided by average number of shares, diluted. Capex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets, excluding financial investments and other financial assets. ROCE (Return On Capital Employed): Operating Margin after Tax (using Effective Tax Rate) / Average employed capital. Capital employed include Saatchi & Saatchi goodwill which is not recognised in consolidated accounts under IFRS. Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives, net of treasury and cash equivalents. Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month. Dividend pay-out: Dividend per share / EPS.     This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Publicis Groupe via Globenewswire © 2016 GlobeNewswire (Europe) Nachrichten zu PUBLICIS GROUPE SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Do Publicis Groupe: Press Release Pasteur Weizmann Paris, November 10, 2016   The French Committee of the Weizmann Institute of Science and the Pasteur-Weizmann Council are announcing Robert Parienti's decision to retire. He will be succeeded... ► Artikel lesen Mi Publicis Conseil: Die berührende Liebesgeschichte eines Seemanns und einer Meerjungfrau ► Artikel lesen Mi Ad Stocks WPP, Publicis Fall on Trump Win ► Artikel lesen 03.11. ADTECHNOLOGY - Interview mit einem Agentur-CTO - Alfred Heidekum, Publicis Media ► Artikel lesen 28.10. Publicis Successfully Prices EUR 500 Million Bond Issue Publicis Groupe (Paris:PUB) (EURONEXT: PUB FP), rated Baa2 by Moody's and BBB+ by Standard and Poor's (both with a stable outlook), announces that it has successfully priced its offering... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Go My Account Subscribe Now Categories Products Topics Countries Other publications Information Event calendar Contacts Disclaimer Refund Policy Site map Disclaimer Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net Back Fruit Apples & Pears Avocados Bananas Berries Citrus Exotics Grapes Kiwifruit Mangoes & Papayas Melons Tomatoes Pineapples Stonefruit Dried Fruit & Nuts Vegetables Artichokes Asparagus Brassicas Exotic Vegetables Leafy & Salad Vegetables Mushrooms Onions & Garlic Peas & Beans Peppers & Squashes Potatoes Root Vegetables SweetcornOther Products Flowers Herbs Back Asia Fruit Logistica Audio Brexit Bushel Box Charity China: Market Focus Comment & Analysis Consumers Convenience Crime Economics & Finance Education Environment Events Exotics Fairtrade & CSR Features Food Safety & Certification Foodservice Fresh Focus Chile Fruit Logistica Global Berry Congress Government Health Interviews Local Sourcing Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Money Organics Packaging & Technology People Podcasts Production & Trade Recruitment & Training Research & Development Retail & Distribution The Importer Transport & Logistics Videos Week in pictures Wholesale Back Middle East Africa Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Back Americas Argentina Bahamas Bermuda Bolivia Brazil Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Mexico Nicaragua North America Panama Peru South America Suriname United States Uruguay Venezuela Back Albania Austria Belarus Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark England Estonia Europe Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Malta Moldova, Republic of Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Slovakia Slovenia South-East Europe Spain Sweden Switzerland Ukraine United Kingdom Back Afghanistan Armenia Bahrain Iran, Islamic Republic of Israel Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Middle East Oman Palestinian Territory, Occupied Qatar Saudi Arabia Syria Turkey United Arab Emirates Back Africa Algeria Benin Burkina Faso Cameroon Cape Verde Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Côte d'Ivoire Egypt Ethiopia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Kenya Liberia Libya Madagascar Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone South Africa Swaziland Tanzania, United Republic of Tunisia Uganda Zimbabwe Back Asia Australia Bangladesh Bhutan British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Cambodia China Fiji French Polynesia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Laos Macao Malaysia Myanmar Nepal New Caledonia New Zealand Pakistan Papua New Guinea Philippines Samoa Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Tonga Turkmenistan United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Menu Search Go Gabrielle Easter BY GABRIELLE EASTER @gab_produceplus 20 October 2016 Walmart China invests US$25m in food safety Walmart has teamed with Tsinghua University and IBM to invest in food safety research in China US-headquartered retailer Walmart is investing US$25m over five years into food safety research in China. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon was in Beijing on 19 October to announce the investment and launch the Beijing Food Safety Collaboration Centre, reports Reuters. “By bringing together the best food safety thinkers from across the food ecosystem, from farmers to suppliers, retailers to policy regulators, we’ll accelerate food safety awareness and help make Chinese families safer and healthier,” McMillon said. The Walmart Foundation will fund projects in science, education and communications, working with Tsingua University and global technology company IBM to track the movement of food products across China using blockchain technology. IBM said the blockchain technology keeps a permanent record of transactions, tracing produce from farms to store shelves, and could offer an alternative to packaging tracking and manual inspections. "Advanced technology has reached into so many aspects of modern life but it has lagged in food traceability, and in particular in creating more secure food supply chains," Bridget van Kralingen, IBM senior VP industry platforms told Reuters. The technology is expected to improve food safety and part of Walmart’s strategy to improve its positioning in the China after several food safety scandals in China. Earlier this year, Walmart China announced an investment in Chinese e-tailer JD.com to grow its e-commerce positioning in China.   Share facebook linkedin twitter googleplus Download PDF Related Articles 1Jumbo Chilean cherries star on Singles Day 2Asoex courts China’s horeca sector 3Singles’ Day sales top US$1bn in five minutes 4New RSA-China grape protocol opens doors 5Subscribers onlyRSA grape deal sparks lemon hope 6Aldi set to enter Chinese market 7Breakthrough for RSA grapes in China 8Italian export trade pushes hard in China 9Peru broadens citrus markets 10Peru finalises blues deal with China Comments (0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Popular news Read: LatestMost read 1Jumbo Chilean cherries star on Singles Day 2Australia’s “fruit bowl” hit by storms 3United Exports widens portfolio 4Chile steps up fight against codling moth 5Brazil develops disease resistant banana 6Southern African grape season underway 7Asoex courts China’s horeca sector 8JV MHZPC unveils aeroponics facility 9O’Rourke considers Trump factor 10LatAm trade weighs up Trump victory 1China access in sight for CA strawberries 2Del Monte appoints new president and COO 3Philippines, Australia expand mango pact 4Itochu to invest US$57.7m in bananas 5New RSA-China grape protocol opens doors 6CA strawberries celebrate China access 7Aldi set to enter Chinese market 8Bakkavör reports on “disappointing” Q1 9Thai importer ramps up apple promotions 10USDA releases risk report on Indian grapes Features & Analysis Online dating for fresh produce They describe themselves as the matchmakers of fresh produce – but what does this latest wave of fruit and veg e-commerce platforms offer suppliers? SH topfruit forecast revealed World Apple and Pear Association forecasts fall in Southern Hemisphere topfruit production in 2016 Agrofresh in Plant & Food agreement Two organisations establish a formal science, technology and business cooperation agreement Alibaba to promote Chilean fruits Chilean Fruit Exporters Association signs agreement with e-commerce giant to promote and sell Chilean blueberries and cherries in China Australia has little to gain from TPP The Trans Pacific Partnership will not deliver any significant benefits for Australia’s horticulture trade, argues market analyst Wayne Prowse Subscribers onlyGiles: Much more to come from Asia Promar International divisional director John Giles asks whether we are merely at the tip of the iceberg of Asian market growth Kiwifruit shines in Japan Leading Japanese importer hails “amazing” market performance for kiwifruit, which enjoyed record results in June Central finds new outlet for convenience Thai retailer working with its new convenience store chain partner FamilyMart to develop a fresh produce offering for consumers on-the-go NZ trade mission to Taiwan Thirty delegates from New Zealand will head to Taiwan on a trade mission to celebrate the ANZTEC agreement Hangzhou event hits the market Brand-building via e-commerce, reaching out to new consumers in tier-two and -three cities, and managing future market growth projections in China were some of the hot topics discussed at Asiafruit Market Insight Keep informed...  Twitter  Blog  Podcasts  Video  RSS Feed  Instagram Sign up for free news updatesGo Industry Events PreviousNext Information Homepage (Asiafruit) Latest News More about Asiafruit Event calendar Subscribe Contacts Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net Our magazines Please select a title from below: Please selectAmericafruitEurofruitAsiafruitFruitnet LiveFresh Produce JournalProduce Plus For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia © Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 2016. All rights reserved. 132 Wandsworth Road, London, SW8 2LB, United Kingdom, Registration No. 1142 312 Event calendar Contacts Disclaimer Refund Policy Site map Disclaimer Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net Mobile | Desktop Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com Cookie Policy Fruitnet.com would like to place cookies on your device to help us make this website better. To find out more about the cookies, see our privacy policy. Don't accept Fruitnet.com cookies Accept Fruitnet.com cookies
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Campaign Videos Creative TV and video executions from the most innovative and market-leading brands. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories TIAA embraces 'radical simplicity' Warc Media Prize: Tech shortlist named Latinas emerge as vital demographic Brands eye cannabis market ASMR: the next forgotten fad? Drones and trains aid fulfilment Celebrity endorsement under threat UK adspend grows despite Brexit View more news Walmart backs China food safety 20 October 2016 BEIJING: Walmart, the US retail giant, is looking to introduce more transparency into the food chain system in China by teaming up with tech firm IBM and Tsinghua University. The three organisations announced that they will collaborate to improve the way food is tracked, distributed and sold to consumers across the country, and much of their efforts will pivot around a new Walmart Food Safety Collaboration Center. According to Bloomberg, Walmart and its charitable foundation plans to invest $25m into food safety research in China, a country which has been rocked recently by a series of food safety scandals and where consumers frequently rank the issue as one of their top concerns. "By bringing together the best food safety thinkers from across the food ecosystem, from farmers to suppliers, retailers to policy regulators, we'll accelerate food safety awareness and help make Chinese families safer and healthier," said Doug McMillon, Walmart CEO, at a press conference in Beijing. Walmart's new research centre will bring together academic research and IBM's blockchain technology to help develop solutions for China's food supply chain. Specifically, blockchain is said to provide an alternative to traditional paper tracking and manual inspection systems by keeping a permanent record of transactions, which are then grouped in blocks that cannot be altered. The information gathered in each transaction is agreed by all members of the business network and it also helps individual retailers to improve their management of a product's shelf-life. "Advanced technology has reached into so many aspects of modern life but it has lagged in food traceability, and in particular in creating more secure food supply chains," said Bridget van Kralingen, SVP of Industry Platforms at IBM. "Food touches all of us, everywhere, so we are experimenting in China with Walmart and Tsinghua given the size and scale of food consumption in this country," she added. "Tsinghua University is also committed to in-depth research of food safety – one of the most important areas that the world is focusing on," added Prof Chai Yueting of Tsinghua University. "We believe the work with IBM and Walmart can serve as a global model for others to follow and replicate." Data sourced from Bloomberg, PR Newswire; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (Retail) Walmart learns from digital mavens How blockchain is threatening the titans of the sharing economy 'Web 4.0' and the blockchain: What are they and why should brands care? Point of View: Fixing the Adblocalypse Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Related News UK junk food ban is 'abandoned' Foreign brands eye India Wal-Mart changes direction in China Other top stories TIAA embraces 'radical simplicity' Warc Media Prize: Tech shortlist named Latinas emerge as vital demographic Brands eye cannabis market ASMR: the next forgotten fad? Drones and trains aid fulfilment Celebrity endorsement under threat UK adspend grows despite Brexit View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2016 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Rare to have older kids join adults in shoplifting Friday Oct 21, 2016 at 5:40 PM Oct 21, 2016 at 6:38 PM When it happens, officers must use discretion Austin L. Miller @almillerosbJim Ross @JimRossOSB Adult shoplifters employ all sorts of methods. Among the most insidious schemes are those that use children as decoys or unknowing partners. Most times, the kids in cases like these are too young to understand, let alone participate in, the crime. They are infants or toddlers under whose clothing or strollers the stolen items are stashed. But there also is a smaller subset: adults who use older kids as outright accomplices in shoplifting. This latter problem became an issue here locally this week when Ocala police accused a woman and her boyfriend of inducing the woman’s 12-year-old daughter to help them steal clothing from the Wal-Mart on Southwest 19th Avenue Road. The girl had the unusual distinction of being both a suspect and a victim in one single criminal experience: Police arrested the girl and charged her with theft, and then charged her mother with both theft and contributing to the delinquency of a minor. The mom bonded out of jail; the girl was held in juvenile detention. The State Attorney’s Office will decide what charges, if any, to lodge against the suspects. *** How often do older kids actually get arrested in connection with adult shoplifting enterprises? This story attempts to place the issue in a broader context and explain how law enforcement and outside experts see, and handle, the problem. There is no doubt that retail theft, in general, is a major business problem. The National Retail Federation reports that, according to its most recent survey, the annual impact of "shrinkage" — a catch-all category to include shoplifting, employee theft and other forms of loss — was about $45.2 billion. Shoplifting in particular is a scourge — and a growing one, at that. "The average loss was $377 per shoplifting incident, up nearly $60 from 2014," the federation reported. The National Association for Shoplifting Prevention says that “more than 10 million people have been caught shoplifting in the last five years.” As for age: According to the association, “approximately 25 percent of shoplifters are kids, 75 percent are adults.” Certainly there are all forms of shoplifting: organized rings, single operators, random cases, serial cases. For juveniles — ages 10 to 17, for example — there can be all sorts of reasons for shoplifting: peer pressure, economic hardship, and so on. What about the specific category of older kids connected with adults? Enter the phrase “using kids as accomplices in shoplifting,” or something similar, into a Google search engine, and dozens of news stories will pop up. But most of them involve very young children. Some examples from news accounts: * On Sept. 27, in Delaware, police arrested a husband and wife on charges that they stole merchandise from BJ’s Wholesale store. Witnesses said the couple’s very young children sat on top of a coat that covered the stolen items in a shopping cart. * In Upper Darby Township, Pennsylvania, police say a grandmother had her 4-year-old granddaughter put stolen Sears item into a stroller and pull up the hood to conceal the theft. * In May 2013, in Denver, two parents had their 5-year-old child sit on top of stolen merchandise in a shopping cart. “The stroller/car seat/diaper bag method is probably the top of the list” for parents making use of small kids, said J. Patrick Murphy, president of LPT Security Consulting in Tomball, Texas. Far less common are news stories about older kids who are accused of working with an adult shoplifting “partner.” Earlier this year the Chicago Tribune reported on a Naperville woman accused of directing her three children, ages 7 to 13, to assist in stealing items from Wal-Mart. The story doesn’t mention whether the older child, like the one in Ocala, was arrested. How common is arrest of a young person who is caught along with an adult? “My opinion is that it is rare by comparison simply because the juveniles also get jail time. The little ones are released,” said Murphy, who is a national security expert. It’s also somewhat rare because even shoplifters have a moral compass that steers them away from stealing while in front of — let alone while helped by — their children. So says Chris McGoey, a retail security expert based in Los Angeles. After 45 years in the business he estimates that only 2 percent of 3 percent of shoplifters would get their older kids in on the crime. *** Even these thieves know “it’s not a badge of honor to be a thief,” McGoey said. These outside observations jibe with reports from local law enforcement agencies. The Star-Banner reached out to officials from the Belleview, Dunnellon and Ocala police departments, as well as the Marion County Sheriff’s Office. They all agreed that it's rare to have adults and juveniles arrested together for shoplifting, and that some discretion must be exercised in the cases that do pop up. Sheriff's Capt. Brain Dotten, a property crimes supervisor, said sometimes the store policy has the greatest influence on how law enforcement handles a case. Some stores don't seek to press charges against anyone under a certain age — or for thefts under a certain dollar amount. As for arrest: Dotten said it depends on what the detective or deputy learns from the child during an interview. If the child seems to have been forced or coerced into stealing merchandise, then he or she won’t be arrested. Ocala Capt. Carmen Sirolli, a supervisor in the Major Crimes Unit, said a recent retail theft blitz did not turn up any cases involving a child and adult arrested together. But that doesn't mean it can't happen. And again, as with the Sheriff's Office, when those cases arise, the officer and his or her supervisor make a judgment call on arrest of the youngster. Dunnellon Chief Mike McQuaig said his agency would try to refrain from arresting juveniles if they can prove that the child had no participation in the theft. McQuaig said they rarely see cases where adults or parents are arrested with juveniles for theft. The child’s mental capacity, more than age, is the key element. Belleview Chief Terry Holland said that if, after interviewing the child, the officer feels the juvenile took an active role in the theft 1 and they can prove that the child knew right from wrong — then an arrest will be made. But even in those rare cases, Holland said, the officer won’t arrest the child and take him or her to juvenile lockup. Instead, the officer will take the child to the police department, fill out the paperwork, and then call a parent, guardian or relative to pick up the child. — Contact Jim Ross at 671-6412 or jim.ross@starbanner.com. Follow him on Twitter @jimrossOSB   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Manage Print Account Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscribe Now Terms of Service Manage Digital Account FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise With Us Display Ads Classified Ads Place an Ad Online Services Mobile App RSS Feeds Newsletters Twitter Facebook Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ocala.com ~ 2121 SW 19th Avenue Rd., Ocala, FL 34471 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime State Nation & World Elections Business Education Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Prep Sports College Horse Racing Auto Racing Columns Go Dave Schlenker Movies Music Theater & Arts TV Guide Dining Movie Listings TV Listings Lifestyle Health Faith Pets Travel Columns Crossword Sudoku Opinion Editorials Brad Rogers Letters Other Voices Obituaries More Photos Videos Weather Mugshots Blogs Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Newsletters Contests Subscriber e-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> Local News Broward News Oakland Park News Oakland Park still at odds with Wal-Mart plan Larry BarszewskiContact ReporterSun Sentinel Wal-Mart still can't get the green light in Oakland Park. The city continued its standoff with Wal-Mart as commissioners rejected a special magistrate's findings and said the company must bury power lines on its Oakland Park Boulevard site if it wants to build a supercenter there. The effort by Vice Mayor John Adornato and Commissioner Jed Shank to end the dispute died in a tie vote on Wednesday, with Commissioners Sara Guevrekian and Michael Carn voting no. Mayor Tim Lonergan did not vote, citing a conflict of interest. "If we deny this, we will be sued. We will expend significant dollars of city taxpayers on our attorney's fees and we will lose," Adornato said. Guevrekian and Carn insisted the power lines be placed underground, despite Wal-Mart's position that FPL will not allow transmission lines to be buried on the eastern portion of the former Kmart property at Northeast Sixth Avenue. Steve Wherry, an attorney representing Wal-Mart, said the company is considering how to respond, which could include going to court. "I don't see it as being within the realm of possibility that Wal-Mart can accept the suggestion," Wherry said. "It's practically impossible." Caption More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in Caption More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in More news stories you might be interested in Caption Man accused of taking escort's earnings An escort told Plantation police that Craig Barnes threatened her and took 96 percent of her earnings from dates. An escort told Plantation police that Craig Barnes threatened her and took 96 percent of her earnings from dates. Caption Father's ashes taken in burglary leaves Lauderhill woman grieving again The suspects entered the home by breaking a rear sliding door, police said. The suspects entered the home by breaking a rear sliding door, police said. Caption Cop's stolen gun turns up in carjacked BMW during traffic stop, Hallandale police say Cop's stolen gun turns up in carjacked BMW during traffic stop, Hallandale police say Cop's stolen gun turns up in carjacked BMW during traffic stop, Hallandale police say Caption Bond set at $175,000 for teen charged in deadly Coral Springs crash Bond set at $175,000 for teen charged in deadly Coral Springs crash Bond set at $175,000 for teen charged in deadly Coral Springs crash lbarszewski@sun-sentinel.com or 954-356-4556 Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Oakland Park again blocks Wal-Mart plan Wal-Mart revises plan for Oakland Park supercenter Wal-Mart project blocked again in Oakland Park All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°
null
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Wal-Mart To Invest $25 Million In China Food Safety Research by Bloomberg Posted: Friday, October 21, 2016 at 3:22PM EDT Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and its foundation are investing $25 million over five years in food safety research in China, as the world’s largest retailer seeks to strengthen its foothold in the country more than two years after it was hit by high-profile product scandals. The funding together with the Walmart Foundation will support projects in applied science, education and communications, according to the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer at a briefing held in Beijing, where it also launched the Walmart Food Safety Collaboration Center to bring together local and international research. “By bringing together the best food safety thinkers from across the food ecosystem, from farmers to suppliers, retailers to policy regulators, we’ll accelerate food safety awareness and help make Chinese families safer and healthier,” Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said at the event in Beijing on Wednesday. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Bloomberg Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2016 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Crashing scooter in Putnam Walmart leads to shoplifting, prescri - WFSB 3 Connecticut Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH HOME News U.S. & World News National International Health Entertainment National Sports Business Technology Strange War on Terror Local Stories Only Fairfield County News Politics Face the State First Presidential Debate Donald Trump elected president Slideshow: Voters head to the polls on Election Day Face the State Closings and Delays WFSB Mobile Sign up for text and mobile alerts Liberty Bank Surprise Squad 3Cares Hometown Heroes Inside Channel 3 Talent appearance request form Contact Us Intern at WFSB! Meet the Eyewitness News Team Connecticut Science Center Blogs Press Releases Tours & Visits Do you have a news tip for WFSB? TV Listings Birthdays and Anniversaries FCC 398 Children's Television Programming Report 3 On The Radio Do you have a news tip for WFSB? Birthdays and Anniversaries Science Sunday Connecticut Science Center Lost and Pound Pets Trail Mix Weather Pinpoint Doppler Livestream Interactive Radar 7-Day Forecast Technical Discussion Pinpoint Doppler Loop Closings and Delays WFSB Radar Maps and Radar Weather Bug iCams Early Warning Weather Tracker Early Warning Weather Day Hurricane season 2016 Tropical Storm Lester moving away from Hawaii Madeline weakens to a tropical depression southwest of state Pass Christian pauses to remember Hurricane Katrina As 2 hurricanes approach, meteorologists predict impacts worse than Iselle Parts of Lumberton still underwater and impassable SC man dies while cleaning up tree debris; HCFR shares how to safely cut a tree Disaster recovery company hiring for debris collection monitoring Report: Teens steal $100k worth of motorcycles during hurricane outage Fiancee won't let Hurricane Matthew stop her from marrying her Matthew FEMA assesses flood damage in Nichols Woman born during Hurricane Hugo gives birth during Hurricane Matthew Slideshow: Hurricane Matthew lashes Caribbean Slideshow: Hurricane Matthew batters U.S. coast WFSB Mobile Sign up for text and mobile alerts Traffic Gas Buddy Pothole Patrol Video iWitness Trending Now Main Laff Watch CBS Shows CBS News Livestream To Order DVD's of WFSB News Stories Better Video Network I-Team Your Health Medical Rounds Nominate someone as one of Connecticut's Community Voices Better CT Better Health Better Money with Johnson Brunetti Carla in the Kitchen Sports High School Sports Scores Big 3 on 3 Thursday Night Football Friday Night Football Friday Night Frenzy Winter Edition Hartford Marathon 2016 Friday Night Frenzy Spring Edition Entertainment Better Coupons LIFESTYLE Main Holiday Helper Thanksgiving: The All-American Holiday Christmas: A Time Of Joy Hanukkah: Festival of Lights Gifts for Wishing, Gifts for Giving Holiday Quiz Questions Kwanzaa: Sharing African Roots Ringing in the New Year Entertainment Entertainment news from the AP Entertainment News from TV Guide Daily Animated Comic Money Personal Finance Your Job Business Small Business Home/Family Home & Garden Parenting Seniors Education Green Health Women's Health Diet & Fitness Men's Health Seniors' Health The Latest from HealthDay Children's Health Sex & Relationships Live Well Health Topics Food What's Cooking Now Favorite Recipe Collections Pets Dogs Cats Tech Travel Hot travel deals! Beauty & Style Weddings Fashion Hair & Makeup Shopping Auto VideoBytes In the Know ADVERTISEMENT PD: Woman hits boyfriend with a piece of asphalt curbing Jequon Francis.jpg Grandmother arrested for duct-taping girl's mouth 2 CT men arrested shouting ethnic slurs, vulgarity at family at Bradley airport Traffic stop leads to "molly" arrest Twins arrested for robbing bank Traffic stop leads to heroin bust Massachusetts police arrest naked Connecticut driver Norwich man arrested after small child found 'abandoned' on New London street Maryland troopers find 124 pounds of marijuana in CT man's car Hamden sexual assault arrest Bristol shooting suspect due in court 3 arrested in connection with selling cocaine at East Windsor bar Crashing scooter, Walmart shoplifting arrest Speed stop leads to marijuana bust Sharon marijuana growing operation Torrington city employee accused of selling drugs at town pool Man accused of assaulting Famous Footwear employee Georgia fugitives 2 UConn football players suspended from team after being arrested last night Man accused of trying to record video in a UConn law school bathroom New Jersey woman charged with DUI in deadly crash on I-84 in Middlebury Hotel sexual assault First date rip off Woman charged with DUI in fatal hit-and-run on I-91 PD: Milford man strikes woman in face, bites her PD: Wethersfield man threatened to harm trooper during traffic stop Teen involved in gun-firing drone video arrested on sexual assault charges Suspected crack deadler New Britain hit-and-run arrest New Britain hit-and-run arrest PD: 3 drivers arrested for driving over 100 mph on I-84 in Vernon PD: 3 drivers arrested for driving over 100 mph on I-84 in Vernon PD: 3 drivers arrested for driving over 100 mph on I-84 in Vernon 3 arrests in 3 hours Man arrested after showing handgun to Chuck E Cheese employees Police use GPS device to track down bank robbery suspect Watertown teacher arrested Bloomfield man arrested on gun charges after police said he was not wearing seat belt PD: Registered sex offender exposes himself to woman, children near West Haven daycare Car theft group arrest 3 arrested after man hit with a brick dies Bodega busts Norwich armed robbery Facebook post leads to arrest Man found sleeping in car was in possession of drugs, weapon Jewelry thieves arrested Jewelry theives arrested PD: Man wanted on sexual battery charges in Florida, arrested in Southington motel Box cutter attack Eyewitness News Slideshow: October 2016 arrests Crashing scooter in Putnam Walmart leads to shoplifting, prescription pills arrest Posted: Friday, October 21, 2016 10:28 AM EDT Updated: Friday, October 21, 2016 10:28 AM EDT By Rob Polansky Email Connect rob.polansky@wfsb.com Follow @rpolanskyWFSB Michael White. (State police photo) PUTNAM, CT (WFSB) - Troopers said they were called to a Walmart in Putnam for a man reportedly stealing items and crashing a motorized scooter down the store's aisles. State police arrested Michael White, 31, of Thompson on Wednesday around 11 p.m. They said they found him cutting packaging and anti-theft devices off from a number of items. Walmart employees told troopers that White was driving the scooter erratically throughout the store and hit a number of items. When troopers found him, they said he had items stuffed in his clothing. The items included four pistol BB guns, an Airsoft revolver style gun, a table tennis paddle and assorted tape and batteries. State police said he also had 40 prescription pills of a controlled substance. White was charged with sixth-degree larceny and illegal storage of a narcotic. He was released on a a $1,500 non-surety bond and scheduled to face a judge in Danielson on Nov. 2. Copyright 2016 WFSB (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:47 PM EST2016-11-15 00:47:36 GMT The parent company of Chili's says it wants to make things right after a veteran had his free meal taken away on Veterans Day. More > The president of the Chili's restaurant chain says the manager who took away a veteran's free Veterans Day meal has been "removed" from the job.More > Former "Young and the Restless" star arrested for child molestation Former "Young and the Restless" star arrested for child molestation Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 12:35 PM EST2016-11-14 17:35:18 GMT Source: Cherokee County Sheriff's Office Actor Corey Sligh, most known for his roles in "The Young and the Restless" and "All About Lizzie"  was arrested for child molestation in Cherokee County.   More > Actor Corey Sligh, most known for his roles in "The Young and the Restless" and "All About Lizzie"  was arrested for child molestation in Cherokee County.  More > Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 3:09 PM EST2016-11-14 20:09:50 GMT Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More > Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More > 4 tigers found living in woman's home 4 tigers found living in woman's home Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:09 GMT Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing. More > Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing.More > 'Before-school' employee arrested after child finds pills on classroom floor 'Before-school' employee arrested after child finds pills on classroom floor Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 4:29 PM EST2016-11-14 21:29:36 GMT Benjamin Boilard (South Windsor police) South Windsor have made an arrest after a child found a small bag of pills inside a classroom last month.More > South Windsor have made an arrest after a child found a small bag of pills inside a classroom last month.More > 'KKK' video possibly shot in East Windsor creates controversy 'KKK' video possibly shot in East Windsor creates controversy Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:40 PM EST2016-11-15 00:40:49 GMT A video showing people in white Ku Klux Klan-like costumes made the rounds on social media and was likely shot in East Windsor, according to the town's first selectman.More > A video showing people in white Ku Klux Klan-like costumes made the rounds on social media and was likely shot in East Windsor, according to the town's first selectman.More > Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:47 PM EST2016-11-14 22:47:35 GMT Trump's hires were, at first glance, contradictory, though they fit a pattern of the celebrity businessman creating a veritable Rorschach test that allowed his supporters to see what they wanted.More > His nascent administration already under attack, President-elect Donald Trump was considering Monday whether to inject new diversity into the GOP by recommending a woman to lead the Republican Party and an openly gay man...More > Woman arrested in New York in death of twin in cliff crash Woman arrested in New York in death of twin in cliff crash Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:57 PM EST2016-11-14 22:57:46 GMT A woman who was accused of killing her twin sister by driving their vehicle off a Hawaii cliff in May was being held in a New York jail Monday after again being charged with murder.More > A woman accused of killing her twin sister by driving their vehicle off a Hawaii cliff in May was being held Monday in a New York jail after being charged with murder for the second time in the case, authorities said.More > PD: 9-year-old killed in 'suspicious' house fire in Meriden PD: 9-year-old killed in 'suspicious' house fire in Meriden Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:59 PM EST2016-11-14 23:59:28 GMT A 9-year-old boy was killed in a house fire in Meriden on Monday (WFSB) A 9-year-old boy has died after a house fire in Meriden on Monday morning.   More > A 9-year-old boy has died after a house fire in Meriden on Monday morning.  More >    News Traffic I-Team Weather 7-Day Forecast Doppler Loop Maps and Radar Better CT Inside Channel 3 Job Openings Online Public Inspection File Closed Captioning Children’s Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public Inspection File Contact All content © 2016, WFSB; Hartford, CT. (A Meredith Corporation Station) . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Access provided by My Account Log Out Join Log In Latest News Education Health & Behavior Living Money Politics & Law Autism Cerebral Palsy Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability About Email Sign-Up Advertise Contact Search Jobs Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest RSS Menu The Premier Source for Developmental Disability News Skip to content Latest News Jobs Email Sign-Up Search Facebook Twitter Search... Close 1 Feds Seek Input On Expanding Community-Based Services 2 Study Finds Transportation Lacking For Those With Special Needs 3 College-Bound Students With Autism Learn To Navigate Campus Life 4 Trump Win Brings Uncertainty On Disability Policy 5 ADA Suits Skyrocket As Some Question Motives 6 Autism Drug Trial Underway 7 Report Finds Caregiver Fraud Widespread 8 Disability Portrayals On TV At Record High 9 More People With Disabilities Seeking Work 10 Toys R Us Testing Special Needs Accommodations Report: Group Home Workers Stealing ‘With Disturbing Regularity’ by Sandra Tan, The Buffalo News/TNS | October 21, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email New York State employees stole cash from the personal accounts of people with disabilities to pay for everything from live shows and restaurant outings to Wal-Mart shopping sprees, according to a report released Thursday by the state’s inspector general. One of those employees with the New York State Office for People with Developmental Disabilities, Lynn Knightner, stole money from residents with developmental disabilities to take her family to see a performance of “How to Train Your Dragon Live Spectacular” in 2012. She also made “questionable” restaurant gift card purchases to restaurants her colleagues do not remember taking any of their residents to, according to the report. “With disturbing regularity we have seen the shameless preying on a vulnerable population by those charged with their care,” New York State Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott said in a statement. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The pilfering of cash accounts maintained by the New York State Office for People with Developmental Disabilities was described as “widespread and prolific.” The report highlighted findings from 10 separate investigations across the state, from the Buffalo region to the Hudson Valley and found inadequate accounting safeguards and outright thefts. Among the mismanagement and thefts highlighted in the report and in the inspector general’s news release: • Knightner, a developmental assistant for a West Seneca group home, stole more than $250 from six residents in 2012 to take her own family to see the “How to Train Your Dragon Live Spectacular.” She attempted to cover up the fact that none of the residents went to the show by buying them souvenirs from the show and playing the movie DVD for them so they would be familiar with the story. She also used the residents’ money to buy restaurant gift cards and fabricated restaurant receipts. As a result of the investigation, Knightner was arrested and pleaded guilty to larceny and falsifying business records. Knightner’s plea required that she pay restitution to the victims and perform 100 hours of community service • An employee for a group residence in East Randolph in Cattaraugus County was charged with stealing money from the personal accounts of seven residents in 2013. The investigation also revealed that the residents’ personal items, valued at $820, also went missing at the group home. • In late 2014, an employee pretended to use the personal bank cards of her group home residents outside Albany to buy Christmas gifts on their behalf. In reality she used the bank cards on purchases for herself. • The house manager for a community residence in the Hudson Valley stole nearly $7,400 from resident accounts to buy name-brand sneakers, musical equipment and a recliner, among other things. • An employee with a group home in Corning stole $130 in Wal-Mart gift cards that were supposed to be gifts for residents’ families in December 2012. The employee, Cheryl Collins, was seen on department store surveillance tape use the cards for herself and was arrested. The thefts and improprieties were so common and widespread that more cases of theft and abuse were reported to the Inspector General’s Office even while the report was being written, according to the release. The Office for People with Developmental Disabilities employs about 23,000 employees, who provide services to approximately 128,000 New York residents with developmental disabilities in institutional and community settings. In response to the findings, Leahy Scott made recommendations that the Office for People with Developmental Disabilities has agreed to adopt. Recommendations include more training for the handling and oversight of personal cash accounts and new audits to better track and determine how group home residents’ money is being spent. “These heinous crimes not only need to be vigorously investigated and prosecuted,” Leahy Scott said, “but significant reforms must also be implemented that not only make such crimes less feasible, but protects the integrity of funds in these personal accounts.” © 2016 The Buffalo News Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Find a Job Asst/Assoc Professor-Spec Ed Executive Director Head of School Center Director, CCLC Special Education Teacher View all jobs Post a Job More in Living Comments DISABILITY SCOOP WELCOMES COMMENTS, THOUGH ONLY A SELECTION ARE PUBLISHED. WE LOOK FOR SUBMISSIONS THAT ARE THOUGHTFUL, ON-TOPIC AND ADD NEW IDEAS OR PERSPECTIVE. PLEASE KEEP YOUR REMARKS BRIEF AND REFRAIN FROM INSERTING LINKS. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read Next Health & Behavior Feds Seek Input On Expanding Community-Based Services Medicaid officials are looking for ways to increase access to home and community-based services for people with disabilities and they're asking the public to weigh in with ideas.November 14, 2016 Living Study Finds Transportation Lacking For Those With Special Needs Transportation is an all-important piece of the puzzle for people with developmental disabilities looking to access the community, yet new research shows that options remain limited.November 11, 2016 Autism College-Bound Students With Autism Learn To Navigate Campus Life Teenagers on the spectrum are getting a dry run at college with the help of a new boarding program that aims to prepare them for the social side of higher education.November 11, 2016 View More Stories © 2016 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. View this article online at https://www.disabilityscoop.com/2016/10/21/report-group-home-workers-stealing/22916/ Sign up today for the Disability Scoop Newsletter Your email here Thanks for your interest Please check your email for instructions to complete your sign-up. © 2008-2016 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Advertise Sign up for our newsletter Get the latest developmental disability news from Disability Scoop sent straight to your inbox. Autism Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability Cerebral Palsy And More… E-mail Address: No thanks × You're reading of free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. Get unlimited Disability Scoop access starting at just $5 Join Today Logged in as Already a member? Log In Close Log In   Log In Forgot password? Don't have an account? Join Today
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, November 14, 2016, 6:58 p.m. Home / News / Arkansas / Little Rock man, 22, jailed as woman's attacker; victim shocked at power substation By Scott Carroll This article was published October 21, 2016 at 5:45 a.m. Comments (5) aAFont Size PHOTO BY PULASKI COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE Courvoisiea Allen Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. Sign up for free, daily email alerts from the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette Little Rock police arrested a man Wednesday in a sexual-assault case earlier this month in which a woman ended up climbing an electrical structure to get away and caused a power failure. Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. Sign up for free, daily email alerts from the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: LR man, 22, jailed as woman's attacker Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas Company set to move 1st arch of new Broadway ... 3 national brands to open stores in Little Ro... Sheriff's office: Fight over Arkansas man's p... Police: 2 armed men rob Little Rock AT&T stor... Mustang found burned, damaged hours after car... Little Rock man says girlfriend threatened hi... 38-year-old man shot at west Little Rock gas ... Arkansas foster care officials aim to hire 22... 2 more armed robberies in Hillcrest, Heights ... More Arkansas stories > Comments on: Little Rock man, 22, jailed as woman's attacker; victim shocked at power substation To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 5 of 5 total comments TravisBickle says... October 21, 2016 at 10:15 a.m. Is he named after cognac and....what? ( permalink | suggest removal ) TravisBickle says... October 21, 2016 at 10:18 a.m. No hate crime there. ( permalink | suggest removal ) hurricane46 says... October 21, 2016 at 11:28 a.m. Bet he can't spell his own first name. ( permalink | suggest removal ) YoungHog says... October 21, 2016 at 12:14 p.m. geesh LITTLE ROCK trying to catch up the the Fayetteville crime thugs.. ( permalink | suggest removal ) caspertherat says... November 7, 2016 at 8:24 a.m. Family members include Re'my, Martel, Dreher, Honey Bee, Hennessy and the least favorite of the family, Schlitz. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 2 more armed robberies in Hillcrest, Heights neighborhoods reported, police say (23 comments) Little Rock man says girlfriend threatened him with knife, gun, stole phone (1 comment) Police: Woman, child lived with tigers, 'vicious' monkeys (1 comment) Sheriff's office: Fight over Arkansas man's porn viewing 'escalated quickly'; 1 arrested (2 comments) Torres found guilty of capital murder in death of 6-year-old son (12 comments) Retirement's in the weeds for ex-Arkansas Realtor (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
The Stute We write Stevens history Home Campus News Opinion Full Issues Subscribe About Contact Us Submit a LTE Submit a Tip ADVERTISE WITH US Archive LATEST FROM THE STUTE November 11, 2016 | Three tickets formally discuss their visions for the SGA November 11, 2016 | The all-new College Democrats Club November 11, 2016 | [The Stute]November 11, 2016 (Issue 10, Volume CXIV) November 11, 2016 | SGA Constitution change proposal November 11, 2016 | It’s all up to you November 11, 2016 | Laugh at yourself a little November 11, 2016 | Growing with diversity: New Diversity Educator is ready to talk social identity, inclusivity and awareness November 11, 2016 | An Interview with Danielle Holmes November 11, 2016 | LTE by Dr. Eric Rose November 11, 2016 | President Farvardin named NJ Educator of the Year November 11, 2016 | Economist to speak at Stevens about rise of robots Search for: Home Opinion Across the Hudson Looking for America David Rogers Posted By: David Rogers October 21, 2016 Tweet Last Friday, I was told about an American-themed restaurant opening in the East Village whose theme was American stereotypes: red, white, and blue everywhere, Walmart references, large meat dishes, etc. As soon as I heard about this, I immediately knew that I would have to go there and write a column about it. I imported some patriotism from Staten Island (aka met my friend Warren at the ferry terminal) and we headed straight for this new burger place – only to find it closed. The place opened up 5 hours later than their Facebook page said they would, so we had to search for another place to eat. Sorry, Merica NYC Burgers, but you’re not getting reviewed this week (and it’s your fault). Our brief search for another burger joint ended when we found Paul’s Da Burger Joint at St. Mark’s Place & Second Avenue. On the outside, it only looked moderately more appealing than any other East Village restaurant, with a small storefront with a lot of neon lights and a sign that said “voted best burger in NYC.” I’ve definitely never seen that sign before. Warren and I were gravitating towards it though, so we went in and found a pleasant surprise. When I walked in, I thought I had walked into a burger joint in the West during 80’s or 90’s. The walls were full of old-school metal signs advertising their special burgers, NYC street signs, and Americana signs, such as a “Yankees fans only seating” sign (there was a similar one for Mets fans in the back), a sign that reads “Beer is now cheaper than gas. Don’t drive, drink,” and an exit sign for Yankee Stadium. I assume the exit sign was stolen form the Major Deegan Expressway, and all of the road work there is replacing that sign. Those are just the memorable signs. Even better, they played good classic rock and pop. The menu is well over 50% burgers, but there were a few sandwiches and omelettes at the bottom of the menu. Regrettably, I cannot review the milkshakes (since my stomach is in a bit of a love-hate relationship with dairy right now) but I can talk about their burgers. Warren and I both ordered the “El Paso Burger,” a cheddar cheeseburger with jalapenos. My initial reaction to the burger, and the first thing I said after taking a bite was, “I can taste the freedom in this burger.” We had finally found our all-American burger joint, despite our initial setback with Merica NYC Burgers. I know my initial reaction is very vague, but it’s honestly how I would sum up the burger. The beef was clearly fatty, yet high quality beef that I could tell was from the middle of the country just by its taste. The cheddar pretty much served its purpose as a complement to the burger, but the jalapenos were too mild. Overall, I rate the burger a solid 4.5/5. A few other burgers on the menu that stood out to me were the Pizza Burger with mozzarella and pizza sauce, the Eastsider Burger with ham, mushrooms, tomatoes, and onions, and the St. Mark’s Burger with mushrooms and fried onions. You can create your own burger with your own toppings, but I recommend trying something from their menu. Yes, ham is an odd topping for a burger, but you might like it. I’ll most likely get a hamburger with ham next time. Also, small portion freaks be warned: these aren’t small burgers. The bill came out to about $13 per person since we both bought deluxe burgers. It’s not the best burger I’ve ever had, but it’s better than good enough, and what really makes Paul’s great is the theme and authenticity of the place. There are too many great local businesses that have been booted out of this city by one thing or another – rent, hipsters, chains, etc. The East Village is mostly in tact, which is one reason that I like the place, and Paul’s is a great example of why it’s good to have local, old-time businesses stay in a neighborhood. It adds some authenticity and character to the place. Additionally, they’re one-of-a-kind – people will come into the neighborhood to go to their favorite restaurant, but they won’t travel very far to go to a chain restaurant. I will certainly go back to the East Village for Paul’s many times. SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Other article this week The all-new College Democrats Club [The Stute]November 11, 2016 (Issue 10, Volume CXIV) SGA Constitution change proposal It’s all up to you Laugh at yourself a little Opinion Categories Campus News (453) Creative Space (8) Features (42) Full Issues (49) Online Issue (5) Opinion (681) Across the Hudson (21) Always Right (12) Campus Conservative (3) Cuisine Corner (66) Gaming Guru (4) Girl Talk (17) Letter to the Editor (41) Mind of a Freshman (62) Not With Those Shoes (28) Op-Ed (5) Ready Set Game (26) Scientific Curmudgeon (79) Senioritis (77) Stars of Stevens (17) Studying Abroad (10) Stute Editorial (81) Technically Speaking (73) The Jitsky Post (14) The Stute Reviews (8) The Stute Smackdown (14) WCPR ReWrite (12) Places To Be (4) Sports (2) Student Spotlight (5) Stupe (4) Uncategorized (31) Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Campus News Opinion Full Issues Subscribe About Contact Us Submit a LTE Submit a Tip ADVERTISE WITH US Archive Copyright 2016 | MH Newsdesk by MH Themes Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
GoSearch CLTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CLTV Menu News SportsFeed Politics Tonight Traffic Weather Channel Finder Shows on CLTV Man shot by police after fleeing Walmart with stolen video games Posted 10:35 PM, October 20, 2016, by WGN Web Desk, Updated at 11:44pm, October 20, 2016 Share Update: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Please enable Javascript to watch this video FOREST PARK, Ill. -- A man was shot in the hip by an officer after he allegedly stole video games from a Forest Park Walmart, ran from the cops, and eventually pulled out a knife, according to police. Police responded to calls of a man shoplifting video games from the Walmart at 1300 Des Plaines around 2:30 p.m. Thursday. Security personnel at the store attempted to apprehend the suspect but he fled to a nearby cemetery. A Forest Park police officer who arrived on the scene chased the suspect towards the west edge of the cemetery, police said, which is divided by the Des Plaines River. Instead of being trapped by the river, the man jumped in and got to the other side. Additional officers then tried to arrest him there, but he jumped back into the river and tried to swim across again. At some point, police officials say, the man pulled out a knife and put it to his neck, prompting one of the officers pursuing him to fire a shot, striking him in the hip. He transported to Loyola University Medical Center in  Maywood with non life-threatening injuries. The two officers involved in the shooting incident were also transported to the hospital as a precaution. The Illinois State Police Public Integrity Unit is investigating the incident. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share Update: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Popular THE MORNING AFTER: Realizing the end of the Jay Cutler era Family of man beaten and left for dead searching for answers 2-year-old boy hit by car and killed in Jefferson Park Victim of beating caught on video says bystanders did nothing, yelled ‘you voted Trump!’ Latest News Sahadev Sharma talks Cubs on Monday’s Sports Feed Security line innovations may cut airport wait times Bears WR Alshon Jeffery suspended 4 games for violating NFL performance enhancer policy Mayor says Chicago will remain a sanctuary city News Brother of man killed in Mt. Greenwood police shooting held on $500K bail News Suspect in custody after ambush killings of 2 Iowa officers News Chicago police release video of female officer beating News Man, 71, shot while watering his lawn in Marquette Park News CPD head calls for firing of 7 officers for lying about Laquan McDonald shooting News Star high school football player shot hours after game News Shots fired in second night of Milwaukee protests after fatal police shooting News Demonstrators take to Chicago streets to protest fatal police shooting of Paul O’Neal News Man shot and killed by off-duty officer after ‘road rage incident’ escalated News Brother of man fatally shot by police released from jail on bond News Man dies from apparent self-inflicted gunshot after exchanging fire with Aurora police News $1,000 reward offered for information in shooting of elderly man News Markham police shoot and kill man outside nightclub; family speaks out Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 2501 West Bradley Place Chicago, Illinois 60618 • Copyright © 2016, CLTV • A WGN TV - Tribune Broadcasting Website • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Monday, November 14, 2016 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Luzerne man pleads in 4 pending cases Thursday, October 20, 2016 By Den McLaughlin dmclaughlin@tnonline.com A Luzerne County man entered guilty pleas in four pending cases on Tuesday in Carbon County court. Alvin David Sheets, 67, of Edwardsville, and formerly of Lehighton, pleaded to two counts each of simple assault and possession of drug paraphernalia and one count of false reports. Sheets was arrested on Jan. 22 at the Walmart store in Mahoning Township, where he assaulted a man. Sheets was bothering two female customers at the store  when another customer tried to intervene. He punched the man in the face. The other assault occurred on May 26, 2015, involvinganother man as the victim and charges filed by state police at Lehighton. The two drug charges stem from incidents on April 10 and the Walmart assault incident. The false reports was filed by Lehighton police for an incident on Dec. 2, 2015, when Sheets reported his car stolen when it wasn’t. Sheets said his conduct was due in part to a drug habit and not taking his medications for a mental health issue stemming from his service in the military during the Vietnam War. He told Judge Joseph J. Matika, “I’m getting too old for this.” He added that since he has been in the county prison, he has been receiving his medication and now has a “clear head” and promised to keep taking the medications. Matika sentenced him to a total of two to 12 months in prison followed by one year of probation. He was given credit for 63 days already served and paroled. He was also ordered to render 50 hours of community service, get both drug and alcohol and mental health evaluations, pay court costs of about $1,000 and pay a $50 per month supervision fee while on probation or parole. On the two drug counts he was fined a total of $400. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2016

UPDATE: Two suspects in custody connected to the burglary of a D - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Texas News Now News Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure Roadside Attractions National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Weather Weather Main StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Sports Galleries Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2015-2016 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons breaking UPDATE: Two suspects in custody connected to the burglary of a DPS patrol car 2016-10-20T12:15:58Z2016-10-21T16:46:09Z Source: KFDA Source: KFDA Source: KFDA AMARILLO, TX (KFDA) - Two burglary suspects are in custody after a ten hour search. A DPS trooper preparing for work this morning, got quite the surprise when a burglar greeted him in his own front yard. And authorities worked overtime to find the people involved. It happened in the 7100 block of Columbia... A homeowner (who happens to be a DPS trooper) came out to his vehicle and found the suspect inside of it. "He noticed his DPS Tahoe, the doors were open and the back end was open, he went to that vehicle and confronted a man that was inside the vehicle, gave orders and commands for the subject to get out, the subject disobeyed the commands," says DPS Lt. Bryan Witt. The suspect jumped in his own vehicle and began to flee. It was then, the trooper fired one round out of his service weapon. APD officers eventually began to chase the vehicle. "APD briefly saw the vehicle, but due to the way the guy was driving, he lost Amarillo PD," says Witt. About ten hours later, the vehicle was located. One suspect is in custody in Canyon and one suspect is in custody in Amarillo. "What we've recovered so far is a couple of cameras, a portable breath tester, some ammo out of the vehicle," said Witt. "We believe the suspect had just began robbing the patrol vehicle at the time the trooper got..and came out." The trooper was not injured in this incident. And a brief lock-in of Greenways Intermediate was in place, as a precautionary measure Join us as new information unfolds. We will continue to keep you updated and informed on NewsChannel10.com. Copyright 2016 KFDA. All rights reserved. HeadlinesMore>> Home Home Today's Local News HeadlinesToday's Local NewsMore>> Humane Society changing schedule to allow more rescues Humane Society changing schedule to allow more rescues Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:29 PM EST2016-11-15 00:29:30 GMT Source:KFDA Amarilllo-Panhandle Humane Society officials are hoping a new schedule will help rescuers save more animals. Amarilllo-Panhandle Humane Society officials are hoping a new schedule will help rescuers save more animals. Amarillo to provide adult immunizations from mobile clinic Amarillo to provide adult immunizations from mobile clinic Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:28 PM EST2016-11-14 22:28:57 GMT Source: KFDA Amarillo’s Public Health Department is going mobile as they conduct an adult immunization clinic.  Amarillo’s Public Health Department is going mobile as they conduct an adult immunization clinic.  Two men sentenced after causing pilots to make emergency landing in Amarillo Two men sentenced after causing pilots to make emergency landing in Amarillo Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 4:24 PM EST2016-11-14 21:24:12 GMT Two men who were charged after interfering with a flight crew one year ago have been sentenced.  Two men who were charged after interfering with a flight crew one year ago have been sentenced.  WT announces expansion to engineering program and facilities WT announces expansion to engineering program and facilities Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 4:03 PM EST2016-11-14 21:03:02 GMT West Texas A&M University (WT) will be adding electrical engineering in January 2017. West Texas A&M University (WT) will be adding electrical engineering in January 2017. Weather updates from the StormTrack10 Weather Team Weather updates from the StormTrack10 Weather Team Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:58 AM EST2016-11-14 12:58:15 GMT Weather Outlook for Monday, Nov. 14 Weather Outlook for Monday, Nov. 14    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart amps up online strategy in China with three new initiatives Walmart is ready to sink its teeth into the world’s largest e-commerce market.     Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Macy’s unloads five stores Sears executive jumps ship for party supplies specialty retailer Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 CEO shakeup at Whole Foods Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores Winn Dixie, Tampa Grocery Retailer Winn-Dixie Opened The Second Ever Location Of Its Next-Generation Store Concept, In The Hyde Park Section Of Tampa, Florida. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Election Center S-R Podcast WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Mon., Nov. 14, 2016 49˚ Business This 2013 file photo shows the sign of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. (Jeff Chiu / Associated Press) THURSDAY, OCT. 20, 2016, 2:50 P.M. Wal-Mart’s China revival strategy calls for deliveries, some by drones, in hours Bloomberg Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Wal-Mart Stores has hit the reset button on its China strategy in dramatic fashion. The world’s largest retailer is making an ambitious push into e-commerce in China and aims to deliver goods from its stores around the world to Chinese consumers within hours. Shoppers in select remote villages could even see their Wal-Mart products being delivered by drones as part of a pilot project by its Chinese partner, JD.com. After unsuccessful efforts to scale up its own e-commerce network, Wal-Mart launched several new initiatives this week through a tie-up with JD.com – China’s second-largest e-commerce website, with almost 200 million active users. With this partnership, Wal-Mart said it will now be able to deliver its goods, ranging from American vitamins to Japanese hand cream, to more than 90 percent of China’s 1.4 billion consumers. “There isn’t another country in the world that represents the kind of retail growth opportunity that China does, given the growth rate of the market itself and the consumer demand here,” Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon, 50, said in an interview in Beijing. “We see opportunities to partner together to provide goods to our customers, to leverage our supply chain and their digital capabilities.” Wal-Mart has a lot riding on its new online strategy aimed at getting a bigger slice of the world’s biggest e-commerce market. The retailer this month forecast that earnings will be flat the next two years while it invests in e-commerce. As it looks to China to fuel growth, cracking the Chinese online game will be more important than ever. “They have found a clever way to leverage someone else’s network to help them sell things online, and it’s easier to jump on the back of JD.com,” said Chan Wai-Chan, a senior partner at Oliver Wyman’s Asia Pacific consumer practice. “They need to do something online to stop e-commerce from taking away their business. This is Wal-Mart’s solution.” Wal-Mart shares gained 12 percent this year through Wednesday in New York trading, outperforming the Bloomberg World Retail Index, which was down 1.1 percent. That still lagged the U.S.-listed stocks of its major e-commerce competitors, Amazon.com Inc. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., which gained 21 percent and 28 percent respectively over the period. McMillon, who took over the top role in 2014, said the initiatives will keep the company’s China operations on track to contribute a quarter of its global retail growth in the next five years. That’s despite sluggish sales at Wal-Mart’s retail stores in China while shoppers there increasingly turn to online websites for convenience. The strategy also gives it access to new Chinese consumers in smaller cities where Wal-Mart doesn’t operate stores. “The scale of the last mile here in China is unique – the economics related to it are different,” McMillon said. “We could have built this ourselves, but everything requires investment. What we are doing is being very deliberate about where we’re putting our resources and being open to working with others. In today’s world, there’s different ways to build that ecosystem that serves customers.” To reach customers, Wal-Mart is relying on JD.com and its extensive logistics and delivery network. JD.com founder and CEO Richard Liu said the company wants to build a fully-automated delivery infrastructure that includes automated warehouses and distribution centers, self-driving delivery cars and drones. The company is delivering products to a limited number of remote villages in southern China by drones. Villagers who order Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club products could see some goods flown to them, according to JD.com spokesman Josh Gartner. Wal-Mart operates 420 stores and Sam’s Club membership outlets in the country. Wal-Mart’s global online sales are about $14 billion, or 3 percent of worldwide revenue, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. About 20 percent of China’s retail sales are online, according to Ben Hassing, senior vice president for China e-commerce. Wal-Mart, which posted $482 billion in annual sales, doesn’t break out China revenue. The initiatives include guaranteed deliveries within two hours to customers who live within a few miles of 20 Wal-Mart stores initially. The U.S. retailer will also stock a JD.com warehouse with imported products from its stores globally to capitalize on Chinese consumers’ preference for overseas goods. That means such things as dried cranberries from the U.S., toothpaste from Japan and face masks from Korea available at Wal-Mart stores overseas will be available to Chinese consumers for the first time. The company plans to offer tens of thousands of items it imports from around the world to Chinese consumers within 18 months, Hassing said. The other twist: Sam’s Club stores’ upscale products are now available to all Chinese. A range of products from the membership store, which sells $3,000 rice cookers and $1,800 bottles of red wine, will be available for the first time to nonmembers online in China – at a 10 percent price premium. Wal-Mart has struggled in China with multiple attempts to get a foothold in the market since its entry two decades ago. In 2007, it acquired Taiwanese chain Trust-Mart, though the company struggled to integrate it into its wider business. In the last few years, it’s pulled back on an expansion as it closed stores in mostly second- and third-tier cities while opening new ones at a slower pace. The new strategy follows Wal-Mart’s decision to sell its Chinese e-commerce platform Yihaodian in June in exchange for a 5 percent stake in JD.com. The retailer had acquired full ownership in the business a year earlier, and the sale was seen by analysts as a retreat from China’s e-commerce market. Instead, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has used the relationship with the Chinese partner to grab Chinese consumers online. Earlier this month, Wal-Mart boosted its stake in JD.com to about 11 percent. JD.com’s Liu said that Wal-Mart’s challenge with Yihaodian was that China’s e-commerce landscape has two major players – Alibaba and JD.com – and not much room for the rest. “I think Wal-Mart did have success with e-commerce,” Liu said in a separate interview conducted in Mandarin. “If not, we would not have given them so many shares when we acquired Yihaodian.” Liu said there is potential for the partnership to go global, especially with Wal-Mart’s $3.3 billion acquisition of U.S. e-commerce start-up Jet.com in August. “There’s great potential for us to cooperate with Jet.com to develop e-commerce markets globally after we align our supply chains in China,” he said. To gain the upper hand in the retail battlefront, McMillon said the company needs to be ready with an array of tools and platforms that serve customers. “What we’re seeing is that customers want it all: They want to save money, they want to save time, they want to have access to the merchandise they’re looking for and sometimes be surprised by a new item,” he said. “They want to do that in stores. They want to do it on a mobile device. Some day they’ll do it with a virtual reality experience. They’ll get all of that.” Published: Oct. 20, 2016, 2:50 p.m.  Tags: business, china, drones, economy, retail, trade, Wal-Mart Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
null

Always View Mobile?    |    Desktop Site Toggle navigation Main Nav Home News News General News Government Business Education Elections/Politics Real Estate Calendar Sports Sports John L. Sloan- Outdoors Obituaries Opinion Opinion Columns Guest Columns Letters to the Editor Get Fresh with Andy Frisch Remember When... Polls Style Style Women of Wilson Our Feathered Friends About Us Toggle navigation Sections Besties Awards General Lifestyle General News General Sports Obituaries Top Stories-Slideshow Wilson Post E-Editions Angel on the shoulders of MJ teens Laurie Everett Published: October 20, 2016 Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ ‹ › They survive a horrendous crash; MJ community showers support It's a grim tale. A sad tale. But one that has a spiritual epilogue - of hope, renewal, connection, and love on so many levels. She heard the sirens from her kitchen on the busy street in Mt. Juliet. What she didn't know that instant last Thursday night was those sirens were racing to her grandson, on and off unconscious, terribly hurt, hanging upside down and pinned in a car at the bottom of a culvert less than a mile away. Carol and Neal Shehan have raised John Flory, 16, the past seven years. She got the "phone call from hell" last Thursday night around 7 p.m. "It truly was a mother's (grandmother's) worst nightmare," says Carol. "My heart dropped to the ground, and only recently have I been able to pick it up." The panicked call was from John's girlfriend's mother, Julie Caron, telling her to get to the scene of this precious couple's auto accident on Cooks Road, which happened on their way home from work at the Mt. Juliet Walmart. Theirs was a simultaneous work shift at Walmart that night for this young couple. Molly, also 16, and John are juniors and co-NJROTC students at Wilson Central High School, and they just celebrated their two-year dating anniversary Monday. It was an anniversary that easily could not have been. "Theirs is a love story with a tragic moment," Carol said. That tragic moment was a horrific car crash so close to home. It was already dark, on a street with no lights. When the car finally rested in the culvert, Carol said it was divine intervention that saved her grandson's life. "They went off the road, rolled and landed upside down and somehow the car 'tented' on impact and landed in a place their car roof didn't collapse," Carol said. "It was cradled somehow in a divot in the ground." Carol believes that tenting and random hole on the culvert saved their lives. Also, both were wearing seatbelts, according to authorities. "I'm extremely proud of them both," this grandma said. "John was a passenger, and just has his temporary license. He's a somewhat nervous driver." Said grandma, "it's a given he puts on a belt." It took first responders about 20 minutes to cut the young man out of the seatbelt. He was in and out of consciousness during the time, but Molly was luckily spared extremely serious injuries, and because of this, had to witness her boyfriend trapped in the mangled Ford SUV. That horrendous phone call about the accident came when Carol was preparing dinner. It came from Molly's mom, Julie, and then Carol, her husband, and granddaughter raced to the scene that was just down the road. When she arrived she was not allowed to go to the car and comfort her grandson, but she was able to ride in the ambulance with him to Summit Medical Center. "When I heard Summit, my heart felt better because severe traumas go Vanderbilt," Carol said softly. However, just a few hours later, she was in the ambulance again, racing to Vanderbilt where her grandson was transferred. "Luckily for John, he doesn't remember the accident, only getting in the car," said Carol. "Sweet Molly, unfortunately, was conscious and can remember seeing John trapped." When he came to, John somehow related real time to some years ago when his appendix ruptured and he was sick in the hospital. "He thought he was just sick, in the hospital," this grandma said. Sadly he was, in reality, way more than sick. The junior NJROTC cadet, and second-degree black belt, has five fractured ribs, a fractured sternum, suffered three fractures on his pelvis, a lacerated kidney, brain bleed, severe concussion and a laceration on his face. Molly was banged up bad, but released from Summit only to spend every single day thereafter at John's side. When John was released from the hospital on Monday the two cradled each other and held hands. "We are one big family," Carol said. "We love Molly. We loved them [Molly and her family] before, and we love each other more now." While Molly is John's beloved girlfriend, she's now his earth angel, solicitous and caring along with Carol. Hopefully she'll be back in school next week after fall break. Doctors said it will take John about three months to recover. "Molly is doing okay," said her mom Julie. "She has night terrors reliving everything. Time will heal this, and they will strive for new memories." Molly recently got her driver's license and Julie said both of the youngsters are full of faith. Molly takes AP and honors classes this junior year. Julie really can't put into words her feelings when a Good Samaritan called her about the accident from the scene. Those good Samaritans, who also held John's hand while he was trapped and upside down while waiting for paramedics, were just the first "rung" of a mammoth long ladder of supporters. When Julie posted on social media about the horrific accident to garner prayers, the post blew up and support in the Mt. Juliet realm rushed. Well over a thousand people "liked" the post, and subsequent updates. Both families do not take this lightly. And when John's a bit stronger, his grandmother plans to shower him with the emails, "likes," letters and well wishes. "Faith will get them through," she said. Carol knows about struggles. "I'm a realist," she said. "John is a realist. We know things bad happen. We know to take it on and overcome." Carol, 55, is able to be strong when she talks about the accident. She deals. A substitute teacher in Wilson County, she lost her brother in an auto accident in 2002, had four friends die recently, watched her mom die a year ago, and recently had open heart surgery. "My mind expects the worst, and when the worst doesn't happen, it's a party," she said. "The fact they survived is nothing short of a miracle. It's a blessing from God. I don't just attribute John overcoming his injuries to the fact he's young and in good shape. He was in the hospital five days. They expected him to be there seven to 14 days. I attribute it to God and all the prayers." Molly's mom put a little angle pendant on her daughter's visor to "watch over" her as she drove to and from home. That little angle is not found in the wrecked car. "We think that little angel protected and saved their lives," she whispered. "And flew away to protect others." Writer Laurie Everett can be reached at laurieeverett1@gmail.com. Read more from: General News Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Related Articles: Veterans Day 'A time to begin healing' Belk contributes to United Way 'I choose to stand for my country' Community samples chili with MJPD Almost too much for a mother to endure Incumbents undefeated in MJ Show Full Site Powered by Bondware News Publishing Software The browser you are using is outdated! You may not be getting all you can out of your browsing experience and may be open to security risks! Consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser or choose on below: Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Ok X Log In to The Wilson Post Welcome to the site. Please login. Username/Email: Password: Login Not a Member? Click here to register! Forgot your username or password? Click Here
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search MDC Looks to Cash in on Artificial Intelligence With New Agency By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Google Ran Secret Video Ad Experiments and Here's What It Found By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago Array 0 Cubs-Indians Are the Biggest World Series Draw in a Dozen Years By Anthony Crupi - 3 hours ago Array 0 Clinton Gets Out the Vote With Web Ads Aimed at College Students By Kate Kaye - 7 hours ago Array 0 Chuck Townsend Retiring From Condé Nast on Dec. 31 By Jeremy Barr - 7 hours ago Array 0 Cubs-Indians Are the Biggest World Series Draw in a Dozen Years By Anthony Crupi - 3 hours ago 0 Here's a Look at Instagram's New Shopping Posts for Retailers By Garett Sloane - 8 hours ago 0 10 Digital Marketing Innovators You Should Know By Garett Sloane - 12 hours ago 0 Desktop Search Ads Fall for First Time, IAB Says, as Digital Ad Revenue Sets Another Record By George Slefo - 8 hours ago 0 Burberry's Christmas Ad Is a Cinematic Epic About the Life of Its Founder By Alexandra Jardine - 11 hours ago 0 WTF Was Apple Thinking With the New MacBook Pro By Shelly Palmer - 12 hours ago 0 General Mills Names 72andSunny, Redscout as Creative Leads By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 10 Digital Marketing Innovators You Should Know By Garett Sloane - 12 hours ago 0 AB InBev Names New U.S. Marketing VP Amid Bud Light Decline By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Your Questions Answered: Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality and 360 Video By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US With Samsung in Hiding, Apple and LG Phone Ads Rack Up Video Views Published on October 17, 2016. Most Popular As Samsung continues to sit on its hands following its Galaxy Note 7 debacle, the Viral Video Chart shows that Apple and LG are piling up video views in the meantime. The chart, which covers views each week through Sunday, wraps up both organic views initiated by consumers and paid advertising online. Samsung is more often than not on the chart, many times with more than one campaign at once, but has now been absent for five consecutive installments. Viral Video Chart Powered by: 1 Holidays With Walmart 38% Walmart NA Views this week: 24,291,196 Spot last week: 2 2 Dior J'adore - The Absolute Femininity NEW Dior NA Views this week: 16,008,138 Spot last week: NEW 3 Road Trip NEW T-Mobile NA Views this week: 14,511,484 Spot last week: NEW 4 Make the Future 2016 -42% Shell NA Views this week: 12,939,591 Spot last week: 1 5 Introducing iPhone 7 Back on Chart Apple NA Views this week: 9,424,359 Spot last week: Back on Chart 6 Remastered 21% LG SuperHeroes Views this week: 9,279,318 Spot last week: 6 7 Burn It to Earn It 46% Gatorade TBWA/Chiat/Day Views this week: 8,819,680 Spot last week: 10 8 Amazon App Back on Chart Amazon NA Views this week: 7,243,027 Spot last week: Back on Chart 9 Quick Recipe How-To's Back on Chart Pillsbury NA Views this week: 7,108,766 Spot last week: Back on Chart 10 The Louis Vuitton Cruise 2017 NEW Louis Vuitton NA Views this week: 6,544,518 Spot last week: NEW Source: Visible Measures Ad Age's Viral Video Chart, powered by Visible Measures, focuses on brand-driven social video ad campaigns. Each campaign is measured by True Reach, an MRC accredited metric that includes views from brand-driven and audience-driven social video clips. The data are compiled using the patented Visible Measures platform, a constantly growing repository of analytic data on hundreds of millions of videos tracked across hundreds of online video destinations. Note: This analysis includes all publicly available video views on branded video content. This chart does not include movie trailers, video game campaigns, TV show, or television network promotions. View counts are incremental by week. **Indicates percent change in views compared with the same period the week before. To notify Visible Measures of an upcoming social video ad campaign, please contact Visible Measures directly. In this article: Digital Digital Video The Viral Video Chart Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 280 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The Buzz: Fireline takes aim in Grand Chute Fireline Shooting & Training Center has sneak peek for members. Public opening Oct. 29. Post to Facebook The Buzz: Fireline takes aim in Grand Chute Fireline Shooting & Training Center has sneak peek for members. Public opening Oct. 29.  Check out this story on postcrescent.com: http://post.cr/2eVz5We {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. The Buzz: Fireline takes aim in Grand Chute Maureen Wallenfang , USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 5:26 p.m. CDT October 20, 2016 Fireline Shooting & Training Center's new Grand Chute shooting range is similar to the range shown here in its Rice Lake facility. (Photo: Courtesy of Fireline Shooting & Training) 280 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Ready. Aim. Fireline Shooting & Training Center is a new indoor shooting range, gun store and firearm training business opening in Grand Chute at 4811 W. Michael Drive, on the south side of Walmart. It will hold a preview this weekend for members only, and concludes discounted charter membership sales Sunday. Fireline will hold a public grand opening Oct. 29. The family owned and operated business started in Rice Lake. This second 15,000-square-foot location was built from scratch for about $3 million and opened with an additional investment of $1.5 to $2 million for inventory and fixtures. RELATED:Read more about local businesses in The Buzz. RELATED: On the gun range with Citizens Academy The proliferation of guns in the U.S. was inspiration for the business. “Per capita, the civilian gun stock has roughly doubled since 1968, from one gun per every two persons to one gun per person,” according to a Congressional Research Service report. “There’s a need for this with the amount of firearms that have been sold and continue to be sold,” said John LaBonte, chief executive officer, who owns the Fireline business with son Georg and son-in-law, Brandon Powers. “It’s a facility that caters to all of the elements, from firearm sales to classes to the shooting range. We’re making sure we’re being good stewards of the Second Amendment,” LaBonte said. He describes shooting as a “perishable skill” that has to be maintained with practice. Customers will likely be a mix of hunters, sport shooters, gun enthusiasts and those who want to learn self-defense. “Ladies are the fastest growing demographic in shooting sports,” said Powers, operating partner of the Grand Chute branch. Some classes are for women only and will be taught by female instructors. Fireline’s Rice Lake facility has hosted both bachelorette and bachelor parties. Three things to know before you go: 1) Employees carry guns, either openly or concealed, as a deterrent and security measure. “It’s also to show that people carrying guns can be friendly and polite,” said LaBonte. 2) Customers who have concealed carry permits may come into the store with guns if their guns remain holstered. 3) Shooters may bring in their own unloaded and cased guns to the range for practice. They may also rent or buy guns to “try before they buy,” Powers said. Normal background checks apply to gun sales. Those using the ranges must register and have a photo ID. Minors under age 18 must be accompanied by parents. First-time shooters must be accompanied by an experienced shooter. The facility has 14 shooting lanes that allow handguns and rifles. “We do have supervised machine gun rentals with a training program that teaches fundamentals of how to hold and shoot,” said Powers. “The machine guns we have are for rent (to use on site only) and are not for sale.” Fireline’s pro shop sells pistols to hunting rifles and shotguns, ammunition, ear and eye protection, shooting accessories and holsters. Training courses and workshops are available at all skill levels. Minors may take classes, including home firearm safety, if accompanied by a parent or guardian. See www.firelinestc.com for range rules, membership, hours and prices. Maureen Wallenfang: 920-993-7116, or mwallenfang@postcrescent.com; on Twitter @wallenfang 280 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://post.cr/2eVz5We

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:53 P.M. ET Tech CEO placed on leave for threatening to kill Trump: report 7:47 P.M. ET Giuliani Discusses How to Implement President Elect Trump’s Ideas 7:39 P.M. ET Trump reportedly seeking top-secret security clearance for his kids 7:34 P.M. ET Veteran Journalist Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart and JD.com launch new initiatives in China By Tonya Garcia Published: Oct 20, 2016 12:00 p.m. ET Share By TonyaGarcia Reporter Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -1.04% said Thursday that it is launching three new initiatives with Chinese e-commerce company JD.com, three months after announcing a strategic alliance. A Sam's Club flagship store on JD.com will launch Friday, offering same- and next-day delivery service. All JD.com users will be able to shop the Sam's Club flagship at membership prices for the first 10 days. The Walmart Global Imports Store will bring items from around the world to JD.com customers. And two-hour delivery service for customers ordering on JD Daojia, a grocery and fresh goods business, will launch Thursday in select cities. Deliveries are from more than 20 Walmart stores, with the number of locations expected to double by year's end. Wal-Mart shares are down 0.4% in Thursday trading, but up 12% for the year to date. The S&P 500 Index SPX, -0.01% is up 4.6% for 2016 so far. MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $70.49 -0.74 (-1.04%) Volume 11.7M Open $71.16 High $71.31 Low $70.19 P/E Ratio 15.16 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 220.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) Volume 798.2M Open 2,166 High 2,171 Low 2,156 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Union asks court to reverse Wal-Mart trespassing order By Associated Press Published: 15:22 EST, 20 October 2016 | Updated: 15:22 EST, 20 October 2016 e-mail LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — A labor union that has demonstrated against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. asked the Arkansas Supreme Court on Thursday to reverse a judge's decision barring it from entering the retail giant's property for anything other than shopping. An attorney for the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union argued that the National Labor Relations Board, not the Benton County judge, should have jurisdiction over the matter. Wal-Mart had sought the order against the union and the Organization United for Respect at Wal-Mart in response to the group demonstrating and picketing at its stores over its pay and benefits. George Wiszynski, the attorney for the union, said the Bentonville-based company's trespassing complaint was nearly identical to one it had also filed with the national board. "At the end of the day, Wal-Mart relied on the same conduct for its unfair labor practice, its National Labor Relations Board charge as it does for its lawsuit," Wiszynski told justices. Wal-Mart's attorney, however, said trespassing is a state issue and was properly before the judge. "Trespass, repeated, defiant trespass absolutely is a significant state interest," Steven Wheeless told justices. "Second, there is no risk of interference between a state court hearing a trespass claim and a labor board hearing about a labor violation that arose during the trespass." Wal-Mart sued the union over the demonstrations, which it said has included "flash mobs" where demonstrators have banged on pots and pans march and chant through its stores. Other activities have included rallies and picketing at its stores and offices, the company said. The retail giant has filed similar suits against the union in Florida and Texas in recent years. The union has also argued that the judge's order was too broad since it bars entering Wal-Mart's property for "non-shopping" activities, rather than barring the demonstrations and other conduct that prompted the retail giant's complaint. The justices did not indicate when they would rule in the case. ___ Follow Andrew DeMillo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ademillo ___ This story has been corrected to show the union's attorney, not Wal-Mart, argued the National Labor Relations Board should have jurisdiction over the complaint. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not be well Suited to real life relationships if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Contaminated site turned shopping center changing tiny North Jersey town Print Email Myles Ma | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Myles Ma | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com NJ.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 20, 2016 at 11:38 AM, updated October 20, 2016 at 11:50 AM comments TETERBORO — A developer is putting the finishing touches on a massive redevelopment, almost a decade after purchasing the shuttered Honeywell plant along Route 46. Construction on Teterboro Landing, a 55-acre redevelopment, is nearly complete and all tenants are expected to be open by April, said Todd Schefler, executive vice president of development for Catellus. Catellus first bought the property in 2007. It was a former aircraft-parts factory built by the Bendix Aviation Corp., later purchased and closed by Honeywell. The place needed work, Schefler said. Catellus would need to demolish the 1 million-square-foot factory and remediate contaminated soil before even building. Schefler wouldn't say exactly how much Catellus spent, but said such projects typically cost between $100 and $200 million. It was a risk worth taking, Schefler said. "Finding 55 acres in Bergen County on a highway is almost impossible," he said. Is creepy clown craze killing costume sales? The two biggest retail tenants, Walmart and Costco, opened in 2015. The center also has a "Restaurant Row" along Industrial Avenue. Some of the restaurants, like Habit Burger and Panera, have opened, while Blaze Pizza, Sarku Japan, Texas Roadhouse, Halal Guys, Chic-fil-A and Chipotle are on the way. Chic-fil-A is the only tenant in the center whose building isn't complete. The former Bendix factory, built in 1938, produced equipment for the moon landing, parts for the F22, the Hubble Space Telescope and much of the United States' World War II airfleet. "There was virtually not an Allied aircraft that didn't fly without one of our parts during the war," Robert Sanders, a former plant executive, said in a 2004 Star-Ledger story. The plant employed 13,000 people at its peak. Teterboro was briefly named "Bendix" after the company, and a diner at the intersection of Routes 17 and 46 still bears its name. When it closed, it left behind contamination in the form of PCBs, chemicals believed to cause cancer. The plant's history is reflected in a small park on the property near Route 46, Schefler. The rise of the shopping center has transformed tiny Teterboro, which has a population of less than 70. A group more than twice that size works at Walmart alone. "We're very pleased with the development and how it's coming along," said Nicholas Saros, municipal manager. There have been adjustments: Catellus paid for improvements to ramps off Route 46 and surrounding roads. The biggest growing pains are probably for local police. Teterboro doesn't have its own police force. The Moonachie Police Department patrols the borough as part of a shared service agreement. The department responded to 220 motor vehicle crashes in Teterboro from the start of the year through Oct. 16. Before Walmart, there were typically less than 50 in a year. The stores have also been a source of crime, particularly shoplifting. This year, Moonachie police have made more arrests in Teterboro than they have in their own town, by a margin of 64 to 29. Each arrest can tie up an officer for an hour or more, significant for a police force of 17, Detective Sgt. Anthony Fugnitti said. While Sgt. Richard Behrens, the officer in charge of the department, emphasized the center is safe, its opening has changed the nature of their job in Teterboro, where calls used to involve fender benders in the Honeywell parking lot. Saros said both Teterboro and Moonachie would review the shared services agreement when it expires at the end of 2017. He said he meets regularly with Catellus and Walmart to discuss security. Tenants at the Teterboro Landing have reported strong sales, Schefler said, including from pilots at neighboring Teterboro Airport, who stop at Panera Bread for their morning coffee. It wasn't always to see when Catellus first bought the property in the midst of a financial crisis. "You draw a lot of things on paper," he said, "but you don't know how well it will all work until it comes to fruition and opens." Myles Ma may be reached at mma@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MylesMaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Weather 68° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Fort Worth mom vows man charged with killing teens will face justice Mom vows killer will face justice Bradley Blackburn and WFAA , KHOU 10:26 AM. CDT October 20, 2016 Chesala Markham vowed to get justice for her son, Gilley, who was shot.  (Photo: WFAA) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST FORT WORTH -- The man arrested and charged with murdering a Fort Worth teenager says he is innocent. "I know nothing about it," said James Murphy, 37. Murphy spoke to News 8 from inside the Mansfield Jail, where he's being held on a capital murder charge and a second charge of aggravated robbery. Police arrested him yesterday, a relief to the family of the victim, Chaz Gilley. %INLINE% "He's off the streets where he cannot do this to another child," said Chesala Markham, Gilley's mother. "At the same time, it's extremely painful, because now I know the monster that did this to us." Markham says her son was a goofy and fun-loving young man who had recently started a job at Goodwill in Fort Worth. She says on Oct. 7 just before 5 p.m., Gilley rode his bike to a nearby Walmart to cash his first paycheck. "He was excited," she recalled. "He was going to buy a new cellphone, because he had dropped and cracked his screen." But Gilley never made it home. On the bike ride back from Walmart, she says, he was run over by a car and then shot twice. Doctors tried to save him, but he died the next day. "I'm never going to get to kiss my son's face again," Markham said through tears. She says police detectives contacted her to let her know of Murphy's arrest, and told her that her son was targeted in Walmart for the money he was carrying. %INLINE% "Probably about $400 in his pocket," Markham said. "It makes me sick." Fort Worth police could not confirm those details and said that the investigation is ongoing. Murphy does have a long criminal history, and court records show in 2007 he was charged with the murder of another Fort Worth teen, Kelvin Collier, who was 16 at the time. But those charges were later dropped at the prosecutor's discretion. Wednesday, the Tarrant County District Attorney's Office said it was because the prosecutor did not feel there was sufficient evidence. "It makes me angry, because had they worked harder, maybe if they dug deeper, maybe the could have found the evidence to put this man away," Markham said. Now, the mother says she's fighting for two teenagers, and she's determined that James Murphy will see justice. "No matter what I have to see, no matter what I have to hear, this man is going to see my face every single court date," she said. Copyright 2016 WFAA CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Chili's accused of taking meal from veteran Trump gives first interview since winning presidential election Mom investigated after video goes viral, sparks outrage 2 dead in shooting outside mall Federal lawsuit filed over injured HPD inmate Local astronaut, 64, still hits weekly hockey league SUV crashes into SmashBurger restaurant Episode 1: Vision Impaired Episode 3: Instant Replay More Stories FBCSO: Video of mom kicking son out of house is 'disturbing' Nov 14, 2016, 6:12 p.m. Mother accused of stashing exotic animals in home Nov 14, 2016, 6:31 p.m. Cy-Ridge HS teacher charged with sexual assault of student Nov 14, 2016, 6:10 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama takes thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary for losing presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' - in first post-election news conference Ross Harris is found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Previous Next Mystery as Michigan girl, 17, who has been missing for ten months is found 1,500 miles away wandering near a Walmart in New Mexico Police found a Michigan teen who's been missing for nearly a year wandering the streets in New Mexico Rae-Showna Jones, 17, disappeared from home last December and had been missing ever since Officers picked her up but said she has so far refused to talk to them about how she ended up in New Mexico  By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 11:34 EST, 20 October 2016 | Updated: 00:39 EST, 21 October 2016 e-mail 41 shares 31 View comments A teenager who had been missing for almost a year has been found by police in New Mexico, some 1,500 miles away from home. Rae-Showna Jones, 17, disappeared in December 2015 from Saginaw, Michigan, but on Tuesday she was found wandering around the back of a Walmart in the southwest of the country. Police believe the teenager may have been a victim of human sex trafficking. Rae-Showna Jones, 17, ran away from home last December and had been missing ever since There was finally a break in the case on Tuesday when someone spotted Jones wandering near a Walmart in New Mexico The teenager was found more than 1,500 miles away from where she disappeared last year The teen's mother, Charlena Poole, pictured, said she was in tears the moment she found out police found her daughter Rae-Showna's mother, Charlena Poole, told Mlive.com that said she has prayed for her return every night since she vanished. 'I just screamed like I hit the lottery,' Charlena said. 'Me tossing and turning at nighttime, praying and almost about to commit suicide a couple of times, you know, thinking, where is my daughter, and who did this to her, and did somebody try to hurt her,' Charlena told ABC7. The teen was stopped by police who found her walking near a busy intersection in Rio Rancho near the city of Albuquerque. It was only when they questioned her that they found out Jones was a teen who had been a reported missing. Police say they are now going to speak to her to find out what had happened in over the last ten months.  Video Courtesy WJRT  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Woman, 48, arrested after DNA links her to 1989 cold case... Mother was 'groped' by police officer who accused her of... Share this article Share Rio Rancho investigators said right now they have no reason to believe there is any criminal activity involved but so far Rae-Shawna isn't talking Mom, Charlena, had been praying for her daughter’s safe return but was beginning to lose hope. She believes her daughter is a victim of human sex-trafficking Rio Rancho Police Lt. Nicholas Onken said that he was not sure if Jones was a victim of human trafficking or not. Although officers picked her up, she has so far refused to talk to them about how she ended up in New Mexico. Mom, Charlena, told police that she feels as though she has been to hell and back with the turmoil of losing her daughter. She ended up having to go through counselling in order to get her through, although she still faces a smaller problem of trying to get her daughter back home.  A GoFundMe account has been set up to pay for a flight to get her back to Saginaw, Michigan.  'When I go get her now, it's going to be a miracle. I can believe but then I can't believe that my daughter is alive and they found my daughter,' said Charlena. 'I just want to see her!' she said. Rae-Showna's mother is on her way to New Mexico from Michigan to be reunited with her daughter and take her home Read more: Missing Saginaw teen found in New Mexico 10 months after disappearing | MLive.com www.gofundme.com... Missing Michigan teen found wandering in Rio Rancho Mother of missing Mid-Michigan teen getting help to bring her home Share or comment on this article e-mail 41 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not work with Prince Harry if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body     DON'T MISS Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? How old do YOU feel inside? We all have an age we secretly think we are. Here five distinguished women reveal theirs... It is the 'subjective age' Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  'Hello, it's me...': Adele fans go into meltdown after cryptic TV ad hints the singer could be touring Australia for the first time next year Sparked a frenzy Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio Sizzling hot! Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas Aussie swimsuit model  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left 'She's talking to a therapist every day': Kim Kardashian 'still living in fear' after robbery but believes late father Robert watched over her during heist No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Sneak peek inside the new Hollywood hotspot where Kendall Jenner and Drake love to live it up like Gatsby Chandeliers and plush booths The world's her stage! Helena Bonham Carter embraces the moment as she mugs for cameras on NYC set of Ocean's Eight 'I'm sorry!' Dustin Diamond offers public apology to his Saved By The Bell co-stars  Decided to come clean, swinging by The Dr Oz Show Still got it! Ricky Martin, 44, posts steamy swimsuit photo as he prepares for the final leg of his One World Tour  In a reflective mood Awww! Hilaria Baldwin plants a sweet kiss on one-year-old Rafael as they spend the day together in NYC The 32-year-old looked great Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls true crime drama Unsolved to get pilot directed by The People v. O.J. Simpson vet Anthony Hemingway 'I still have work to do': Angela Simmons talks getting back into shape one month after welcoming her first child Opened up about life as a new mum Today's headlines Most Read Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for... Woman 'raped in a ditch for two hours after an illegal immigrant crashed his car into her vehicle and ran... Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on... 'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns... Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before... ‘I came here to kill you’: Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on... Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their... Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne... Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane... California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid... She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem... REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private... Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets... 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity... President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's... 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win... Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says... Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... Did Trump not realize how big a job the Presidency is? Billionaire 'seemed surprised' by its scope and aides... Trump could shatter a different glass ceiling by naming first openly gay man to cabinet-level post – and... U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary... Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry... MORE HEADLINES 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has his free Veterans Day Chilli's meal confiscated after elderly white veteran wearing Trump shirt complained to manager that black people 'didn't serve in WW2' Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after earthquake causes major New Zealand river to break its banks - as ANOTHER huge tremor strikes  PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The president-elect is considering COMMUTING to Washington by helicopter from his Trump Tower penthouse 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an envelope labeled "SECRET" and leave it in the Oval office': Twitter erupts with hilarious memes imagining Biden's last laugh at the White House Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his lifestyle' FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration - as the family says his hotels don't matter next to the presidency Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Revealed, the NATO slackers: Why Trump is so infuriated by countries spending less than half their fare share on European defence (and we should be too) Mother who let TIGERS, a fox, a cougar, monkeys and a skunk roam around her Texas home is charged with endangering her daughter, 14  Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call White high school teacher suspended after telling black students: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa' Eerie prediction New Zealand would suffer a 'supermoon earthquake' SEVEN DAYS before the tragedy – as terrified residents film mystery blue lights in the sky during the tremors NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her because he was unhappy about a 'rape' story she was running  Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry Reid as she drops hint of legal action against Trump critics Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Archive West Bowman Road getting a facelift Thursday Oct 20, 2016 at 7:00 AM Jack Barnwell Editor RidgecrestDI With the recent construction ongoing around the soon-to-be-open Walmart Supercenter on East Bowman Road, residents and passers-by might have noticed the west end of the major route receiving some attention as well. The Daily Independent asked Ridgecrest City Engineer Loren Culp the details behind the project. The project The West Bowman Road construction is a part of the new Walmart construction of the new Bowman Road and China Lake Blvd. intersection and the Bowman Channel master planned flood control facilities. What’s happening The work being performed on West Bowman Road is roadway widening to fit the new intersection and roadway transition taper to tie back into the existing W. Bowman Road at the West boundary of the existing Walmart property. The timeline The West Bowman Road construction is nearly complete with the construction of the road bed. The base material is scheduled for this week with paving, striping, fencing and landscaping to closely follow. The contractor has not published his revised schedule as of this writing due to some conflicts and delays due to some abandoned culverts encountered. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Keepsake 2016 Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV 2016 Explorer Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 High Desert Medical Directory More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
LOCAL STORIES | GREEN | HEALTH | OPINIONS      CALENDAR | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS      CLASSIFIEDS Tweet Big box’s plans appealed Walmart’s expansion proposal heads to Chico City Council This article was published on 10.20.16. Advertisement On Monday (Oct. 17), a group opposing the expansion of Chico’s Walmart store responded to a recent Chico Planning Commission decision to approve the big-box’s plans. Brett Jolley, an attorney out of Stockton, delivered the appeal to the city on behalf of Chico Advocates for a Responsible Economy. That group, represented by Jolley, mounted a successful campaign against Walmart’s supercenter plans a decade ago. Those plans ultimately were denied by the City Council in 2009. Last year, the big box brought forward new expansion plans, which include a gas station and other external retail features. Opponents have gathered more than 950 signatures. The appeal will take the matter to a public hearing before the Chico City Council. A date is tentatively set for mid-November, according to Deputy City Clerk Dani Brinkley. Contact us about this story RELATED LINKS: See all stories published in Downstroke See all stories published in Local Stories Advertisement Reader Comments No comments yet. Be the first by posting your comment below. Sign in to submit a comment: e-mail: password: Don't have a login yet? Join now!, it's fast and free! Help! I forgot my password Post anonymous comment: If you wish to comment anonymously, provide your valid email address here and you’ll be allowed to do so. e-mail:    You will be sent an email confirmation with a link that you must follow to validate your email address before your comment will appear on the site. Submit Your Comment Comments posted may be subject to moderation. Be nice. Sounds easy enough, right? Feel free to disagree with News & Review, our staff or what the other users have to say—but keep it civil and relevant to the topic. Personal attacks or insults of any kind will be removed. Please see our terms of use for more details. Submit my comment as a letter to the editor. When submitting letters to the editor, we require the following information to be submitted for verification purposes: Full Name: Phone Number: City: logout SEARCH THE SITE TOOLBOX PRINT FRIENDLY   E-MAIL THIS STORY ADJUST FONT SIZE:  SMALLER  LARGER LINK TO THIS STORY ON YOUR SITE RSS FEEDS Chico Classifeds automotive 15,701 buy, sell, trade 128 community 177 jobs 2,048 musician 12 real estate for sale 46 real estate 425 rentals 151 services 2,536 The next chapter Chico Scrap Metal opponents launch referendum campaign to move the business in response to last month’s Chico City Council decision to let the recycler stay.   Splitting the pot Medical cannabis activist disappointed in Measure L loss, sees hope in Prop. 64 approval. Shock and awe Election night in the camps of local Democrats and Republicans. Sentenced for child porn Chico man downloaded more than 100 graphic videos of children. Focus on Poverty An aggregation of stories from CN&R on the subject of poverty in our region. Food Access Coverage of California's low rate of participation in the CalFresh (Food Stamps) program. LOCAL STORIES | OPINIONS | CALENDAR | SUBSCRIBE | ARTS&CULTURE | MUSIC | DINING | FILM | GUIDES | N&R EVENTS | CLASSIFIEDS CHICO N&R | RENO N&R | SAC N&R |  PRIVACY STATEMENT | TERMS OF USE | CONTACT US | ADVERTISER SERVICES & INFO  COPYRIGHT ©2016 CHICO COMMUNITY PUBLISHING, INC.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Publicis Sags as Brexit Casts Pall on 2017 Advertising Outlook Alexandre Boksenbaum-Granier HatsBoks October 20, 2016 — 1:30 AM EDT Updated on October 20, 2016 — 9:33 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Ad company says elections, customer concerns cloud visibility Publicis, WPP fall after ‘cautious’ outlook for coming year Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Publicis Groupe SA, the French advertising giant struggling to replace several large North American accounts, fell the most in a year as it signaled a shaky outlook for advertising in 2017. Third-quarter revenue missed analysts’ estimates, dragged down by the loss of U.S. media-buying accounts like Procter & Gamble Co. and Coca-Cola Co. in the past year. Some U.K. customers in finance and other segments have pulled back because the U.K.’s vote to leave the European Union may hurt business. “We approach 2017 cautiously given the lack of visibility owing to elections in the U.S., France and Germany, and the consequences of Brexit,” for the U.K. and the rest of Europe, Maurice Levy, the company’s 74-year-old chief executive officer, said in a statement. Publicis, whose clients include Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Nestle SA, reported a 0.4 percent decline in sales, to 2.32 billion euros ($2.54 billion), below analysts’ average estimate of 2.33 billion euros. Organic growth, which strips out effects from acquisitions and currency swings, was 0.2 percent, bolstered by advances in digital business in Europe and the Asia Pacific region. The French company warned in April that it would be hit by the loss of several media-buying accounts during the following quarters. That effect has been compounded by projects recently completed at digital ad agency Razorfish, at a time when new ones haven’t reached their full potential yet, Levy said. Sales declined 4 percent in North America in organic terms in the third quarter. Publicis fell as much as 6.5 percent, on track for the biggest loss since Oct. 22, 2015. The stock was down 4.8 percent to 63.8 euros at 3:14 p.m. in Paris. In London, rival WPP Plc lost as much as 3.2 percent -- a read-through from the slump reported by Publicis and the weaker outlook, Charles Bedouelle, an analyst at Exane BNP Paribas, said in an e-mail. At 0.2 percent, organic growth at Publicis was slightly below expectations, and the company’s comments on the fourth quarter and full-year 2017 were circumspect, Bedouelle said in a note to clients.  For more on Maurice Levy and Publicis succession, click here. Although Publicis has decided to keep all its operations in the U.K. following the country’s June 23 vote to leave the European Union, many customers are considering moving London-based operations to continental Europe, “notably in finance but not only,” Levy told reporters. “They are worried that a hard Brexit could close some doors to European markets. They are very cautious.” At recent roadshows and private discussions with the French broker, managers in global advertising have all highlighted their fear that the market was too complacent about Brexit and political risk, Exane BNP Paribas’s Bedouelle said. “None were really seeing major impact yet they were expecting it to hit in 2017,” Bedouelle said. Publicis said it will raise its dividend payout ratio to 42 percent in 2016 from 39.5 percent last year, achieving a target it originally set for 2018. Levy, who has led Publicis into the digital age, plans to step down next year after almost 30 years as CEO. The process of finding a successor will start in November and is expected to be completed by February. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Publicis Groupe SA Advertising Brexit Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Industry Last Modified: Thu, Oct 20 2016. 10 59 AM IST Wal-Mart’s China revival strategy calls in JD.com and its drones Wal-Mart is making an ambitious push into e-commerce in China and aims to deliver goods from its stores around the world to Chinese consumers within hours Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Rachel Chang Wal-Mart has a lot riding on its new online strategy aimed at getting a bigger slice of the world’s biggest e-commerce market. Photo: Bloomberg Shanghai: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has hit the reset button on its China strategy in dramatic fashion. The world’s largest retailer is making an ambitious push into e-commerce in China and aims to deliver goods from its stores around the world to Chinese consumers within hours. Shoppers in select remote villages could even see their Wal-Mart products being delivered by drones as part of a pilot project by its Chinese partner, JD.com Inc. After unsuccessful efforts to scale up its own e-commerce network, Wal-Mart launched this week several new initiatives through a tie-up with JD—China’s second-largest e-commerce website, with 300 million active users. With this partnership, Wal-Mart said it will now be able to deliver its goods, ranging from American vitamins to Japanese hand cream, to more than 90% of China’s 1.4 billion consumers. “There isn’t another country in the world that represents the kind of retail growth opportunity that China does, given the growth rate of the market itself and the consumer demand here,” chief executive officer Doug McMillon, 50, said in an interview in Beijing. “We see opportunities to partner together to provide goods to our customers, to leverage our supply chain and their digital capabilities.” Wal-Mart has a lot riding on its new online strategy aimed at getting a bigger slice of the world’s biggest e-commerce market. The retailer this month forecast that earnings will be flat the next two years while it invests in e-commerce. As it looks to China to fuel growth, cracking the Chinese online game will be more important than ever. “They have found a clever way to leverage someone else’s network to help them sell things online, and it’s easier to jump on the back of JD.com,” said Chan Wai-Chan, a senior partner at Oliver Wyman’s Asia Pacific consumer practice. Wal-Mart and its competitors in China are all suffering in sales lately because the e-commerce websites are taking away their business in everything except fresh foods, and this is Wal-Mart’s solution, he said. Wal-Mart shares have gained 12% so far this year in New York trading, outperforming the Bloomberg World Retail Index, which is down 1.1%. That still lags the US-listed stocks of its major e-commerce competitors, Amazon.com Inc. and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which have gained 21% and 28% respectively over the period. McMillon, who has run the company since 2014, said that the initiatives will keep the company’s China operations on track to contribute a quarter of its global retail growth in the next five years. That’s despite sluggish sales at Wal-Mart’s retail stores in China while shoppers there increasingly turn to online websites for convenience. The strategy also gives it access to new Chinese consumers in smaller cities where Wal-Mart doesn’t operate stores. “The scale of the last mile here in China is unique -- the economics related to it are different,” said McMillon. “We could have built this ourselves, but everything requires investment. What we are doing is being very deliberate about where we’re putting our resources and being open to working with others. In today’s world, there’s different ways to build that ecosystem that serves customers.” Wal-Mart operates 420 stores and Sam’s Club membership outlets in the country. About 20% of the retailer’s sales in China are online, according to Ben Hassing, senior vice president for China e-commerce. Wal-Mart, which posted $482 billion in annual sales, doesn’t break out China revenue. Wal-Mart’s global online sales are about $14 billion, or 3% of worldwide revenue, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. The initiatives, which include guaranteed deliveries within two hours to customers who live within a few miles of 20 Wal-Mart stores initially, will also see the US retailer stock a JD.com warehouse with its products from around the world. That means such things as dried cranberries from the US, toothpaste from Japan and face masks from Korea available at Wal-Mart’s stores will be available to Chinese consumers for the first time. The company will be able to offer tens of thousands of items from its Wal-Mart stores around the world to Chinese consumers within 18 months, said Hassing. Remote villages JD, a retailer with an extensive logistics and delivery network, is delivering products to a limited number of remote villages in southern China by drones. Villagers who order Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club products could see some goods flown to them, according to JD spokesman Josh Gartner. The other twist: Sam’s Club stores’ upscale products are now available to all Chinese. A range of products from the membership store, which sells $3,000 rice cookers and $1,800 bottles of red wine, will be available for the first time to nonmembers online in China—at a 10% price premium. The retailer has struggled in China with multiple attempts to get a foothold in the market since its entry two decades ago. In 2007, it acquired Taiwanese chain Trust-Mart, though the company struggled to integrate it into its wider business. In the last few years, it’s pulled back on an expansion as it closed stores in mostly second- and third-tier cities while opening new ones at a slower pace. The new strategy follows Wal-Mart’s decision to sell its Chinese e-commerce platform Yihaodian in June in exchange for a 5% stake in JD. The retailer had acquired full ownership in the business a year earlier, and the sale was seen by analysts as a retreat from China’s e-commerce market. Instead, the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company has used the relationship with the Chinese partner to grab Chinese consumers online. Earlier this month, Wal-Mart boosted its stake in JD to about 11%. E-commerce competition JD.com founder Richard Liu said that Wal-Mart’s challenge with Yihaodian was that China’s e-commerce landscape has two major players—Alibaba and JD.com—and not much room for the rest. “I think Wal-Mart did have success with e-commerce, if not we would not give them so much shares when we acquired Yihaodian,” he said in a separate interview. Liu said there is potential for the partnership to go global, especially with Wal-Mart’s $3.3 billion acquisition of US e-commerce start-up Jet.com in August. “There’s great potential for us to cooperate with Jet.com to develop e-commerce markets globally after we align our supply chains in China,” he said. To gain the upper hand in the retail battlefront, McMillon says the company needs to be ready with an array of tools and platforms that serve customers. “What we’re seeing is that customers want it all: They want to save money, they want to save time, they want to have access to the merchandise they’re looking for and sometimes be surprised by a new item,” he said. “They want to do that in stores. They want to do it on a mobile device. Some day they’ll do it with a virtual reality experience. They’ll get all of that.” Bloomberg Rachel Chang Topics: Wal-MartChinaJD.come-commerceAmazon More from this Section Three charts that show why demonetization is painful In firms, PCs and smartphones coexist in a multi-device world: Michael Dell Dell Technologies’s road map for India Will Dell make it big with EMC? Patanjali Dant Kanti’s popularity boosts production at JHS Svendgaard Editor's Picks Tata Motors independent directors refuse to pick sides in Tata vs Cyrus Mistry fight Demonetization is a hollow move Reliance Jio’s entry a boost for Ericsson, Truecaller and Lava Mobiles A new economic paradigm is being fashioned Three charts that show why demonetization is painful First Published: Thu, Oct 20 2016. 10 50 AM IST Read more from Livemint Three charts that show why demonetization is painful In firms, PCs and smartphones coexist in a multi-device world: Michael Dell Dell Technologies’s road map for India Editor's Picks Tata Motors independent directors refuse to pick sides in Tata vs Cyrus Mistry fight Demonetization is a hollow move Reliance Jio’s entry a boost for Ericsson, Truecaller and Lava Mobiles Latest News Three charts that show why demonetization is painful In firms, PCs and smartphones coexist in a multi-device world: Michael Dell Dell Technologies’s road map for India Will Dell make it big with EMC? Govt relaxes norms to ease cash crunch Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama takes thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary for losing presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' - in first post-election news conference Ross Harris is found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Previous Next Former Orthodox Church pastor is arrested for 'CHOKING a four-month-old girl at a Walmart'  Oleh Zhownirovych, 54, allegedly attacked the child at a Walmart in Overland Park, Kansas, while she was in the checkout lane with her mother The child's mother, Quisha Hilll, said she was bagging her groceries when the stranger pulled the four-month-old girl out of her cart  That's when Zhownirovych allegedly began to choke the child — and the mom screamed at him and got him to stop Several customers and store security pinned Zhownirovych down until police arrived Hill said her 4-month-old baby 'turned red for a few moments' but is fine Zhownirovych is the former pastor at the Ukrainian Orthodox Holy Ascension Cathedral in Clifton, New Jersey Police have not said if alcohol or drugs played a part in this incident  By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 01:54 EST, 20 October 2016 | Updated: 03:46 EST, 20 October 2016 e-mail 45 shares 10 View comments A former church pastor has been arrested for trying to strangle a four-month-old girl at a Walmart in Kansas. Police and witnesses say Oleh Zhownirovych, 54, attacked the child at the store in Overland Park, just south of Kansas City, while she was in the checkout lane with her mother on Wednesday. Zhownirovych, who didn't know the mother or her child, was until recently a pastor at a Ukrainian Orthodox church in Clifton, New Jersey.  'I come in to grab couple items, and while I was at the counter top, speaking with the lady and bagging up my groceries, this random man comes out of nowhere and yanks the car seat out of the cart, has my baby and he's like I'm taking the baby,' mother Quisha Hill told Fox 4.  Scroll down for video  Police say Oleh Zhownirovych, 54, attacked the child (pictured) at the store in Overland Park, just south of Kansas City, while she was in the checkout lane with her mother on Wednesday Mom Quisha Hill (pictured) said her 4-month-old baby girl  'turned red for a few moments.' She is expected to be fine, she added 'I'm stealing her. I'm taking her. Call 911, call 911,' Zhownirovych told Hill, according to the station.  That's when he allegedly began to choke the child — and the mom screamed at him and got him to stop.  'That's when tons of Walmart workers come over to help me get her out,' Hill told Fox 4. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next EXCLUSIVE: Grieving friends of the daughter of Olympian... Mother was 'groped' by police officer who accused her of... Transgender man sues city of Houston and two cops for false... Share this article Share 'She is still restrained. As soon as they come over to get him, they body slam him down to the ground. He punches one of the security officers — and then that's when we have the baby back.'  Several customers and store security pinned Zhownirovych down until police arrived. Hill said her 4-month-old baby 'turned red for a few moments.' She is expected to be fine, she added.  Several customers and security personnel at the Walmart (pictured) pinned Zhownirovych down until police arrived Cops have not said if drugs or alcohol played a role in the bizarre attack. But Hill says the man appeared to be under the influence of some substance — and at one point even tried to wear her daughter's car seat as a hat, FOX 4 reported.   'It's a wonderful thing that the bystanders were there and able to subdue suspect until police arrived,' Officer John Lacy told KCTV.  Zhownirovych was taken to a local hospital with minor injuries before being taken to jail.   In jail, Zhownirovych listed his address as that of the Ukrainian Orthodox Holy Ascension Cathedral in Clifton, New Jersey. A rep for the church said he hasn't been employed there for at least 10 months, the Kansas City Star reported.    Read more: Stranger chokes 4-month-old baby girl in Overland Park Walmart | fox4kc.com Police: Stranger chokes baby at Overland Park Walmart - KCTV5 www.kansascity.c... Share or comment on this article e-mail 45 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not work with Prince Harry if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body     DON'T MISS Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? How old do YOU feel inside? We all have an age we secretly think we are. Here five distinguished women reveal theirs... It is the 'subjective age' Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  'Hello, it's me...': Adele fans go into meltdown after cryptic TV ad hints the singer could be touring Australia for the first time next year Sparked a frenzy Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio Sizzling hot! Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas Aussie swimsuit model  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left 'She's talking to a therapist every day': Kim Kardashian 'still living in fear' after robbery but believes late father Robert watched over her during heist No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Sneak peek inside the new Hollywood hotspot where Kendall Jenner and Drake love to live it up like Gatsby Chandeliers and plush booths The world's her stage! Helena Bonham Carter embraces the moment as she mugs for cameras on NYC set of Ocean's Eight 'I'm sorry!' Dustin Diamond offers public apology to his Saved By The Bell co-stars  Decided to come clean, swinging by The Dr Oz Show Still got it! Ricky Martin, 44, posts steamy swimsuit photo as he prepares for the final leg of his One World Tour  In a reflective mood Awww! Hilaria Baldwin plants a sweet kiss on one-year-old Rafael as they spend the day together in NYC The 32-year-old looked great Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls true crime drama Unsolved to get pilot directed by The People v. O.J. Simpson vet Anthony Hemingway 'I still have work to do': Angela Simmons talks getting back into shape one month after welcoming her first child Opened up about life as a new mum Today's headlines Most Read Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for... Woman 'raped in a ditch for two hours after an illegal immigrant crashed his car into her vehicle and ran... Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on... 'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns... Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before... ‘I came here to kill you’: Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on... Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their... Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne... Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane... California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid... She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem... REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private... Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets... 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity... President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's... 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win... Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says... Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... Did Trump not realize how big a job the Presidency is? Billionaire 'seemed surprised' by its scope and aides... Trump could shatter a different glass ceiling by naming first openly gay man to cabinet-level post – and... U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary... Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry... MORE HEADLINES 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has his free Veterans Day Chilli's meal confiscated after elderly white veteran wearing Trump shirt complained to manager that black people 'didn't serve in WW2' Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after earthquake causes major New Zealand river to break its banks - as ANOTHER huge tremor strikes  PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The president-elect is considering COMMUTING to Washington by helicopter from his Trump Tower penthouse 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an envelope labeled "SECRET" and leave it in the Oval office': Twitter erupts with hilarious memes imagining Biden's last laugh at the White House Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his lifestyle' FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration - as the family says his hotels don't matter next to the presidency Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Revealed, the NATO slackers: Why Trump is so infuriated by countries spending less than half their fare share on European defence (and we should be too) Mother who let TIGERS, a fox, a cougar, monkeys and a skunk roam around her Texas home is charged with endangering her daughter, 14  Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call White high school teacher suspended after telling black students: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa' Eerie prediction New Zealand would suffer a 'supermoon earthquake' SEVEN DAYS before the tragedy – as terrified residents film mystery blue lights in the sky during the tremors NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her because he was unhappy about a 'rape' story she was running  Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry Reid as she drops hint of legal action against Trump critics Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Washington Sun Fair and unbiased since 1970 Home Local Headlines Sports Comics! Contact Us Advertising Latest: Donald Trump to be nation’s 45th president  Giant Food presents $50,000 to the Capital Area Food Bank Mayor Bowser Releases DC Housing Preservation Strike Force Report AFT Submits More Than 5,000 Comments to Department of Education on Draft ‘Supplement-Not-Supplant’ Education Regulations Cathy Hughes: Black Business Icon Headlines  Walmart and the Walmart Foundation sponsor new delivery vehicle for DC Central Kitchen October 19, 2016 thewashingtonsun Additional transportation infrastructure expands healthy food access in DC’s food deserts DC Central Kitchen, a local nonprofit that develops social ventures to fight poverty and hunger, will unveil its new healthy food delivery truck with a ribbon cutting ceremony at 2pm on Thursday, October 20, 2016 at Wheeler Market (4133 Wheeler Road, SE). The purchase of the new transportation vehicle was made possible by a $125,000 grant from Walmart and the Walmart Foundation to support DC Central Kitchen in expanding healthy food access in DC’s food deserts. The new truck will allow DC Central Kitchen’s social enterprise, Healthy Corners, to deliver healthy food to partner corner stores in Wards 7 and 8. Healthy Corners is a pioneering venture that is sustainably expanding healthy food access in DC’s food deserts. DC Central Kitchen provides fresh produce and healthy snacks to corner stores in DC’s low-income communities, offering produce to corner stores at wholesale prices and in smaller quantities than a conventional distributor. The stores then sell the produce at below-market prices, making it an affordable option for the consumer. Instead of just giving away food, Healthy Corners has demonstrated significant demand in low-income communities for fresh, affordable food deliveries to corner stores. ← RLJ ENTERTAINMENT AND AMC NETWORKS FORM STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP FOR STREAMING SERVICES Unmade in America: Industrial Flight and the Decline of Black Communities → Facebook Feed Northwest DC Scoops Twitter Tweets by @NWDCScoop Northeast DC Scoops Twitter Tweets by @NEDCScoop Southeast DC Scoops Twitter Tweets by @SEDCScoop Southwest DC Scoops Twitter Tweets by @SWDCScoop The Washington Sun Twitter Tweets by @thewashsun Weather Washington Weather Forecast, DC (20001) Advertising View post on imgur.com Weather Washington Weather Forecast, DC (20001) Horoscopes Get your free daily horoscope + free daily forecast below. Choose your zodiac sign: Aries March 21 - April 19 Libra September 23 - October 22 Taurus April 20 - May 20 Scorpio October 23 - November 21 Gemini May 21 - June 20 Sagittarius November 22 - December 21 Cancer June 21 - July 22 Capricorn December 22 - January 19 Leo July 23 - August 22 Aquarius January 20 - February 18 Virgo August 23 - September 22 Pisces February 19 - March 20 Advertising Advertising Advertising Advertising Copyright © 2016 The Washington Sun. All rights reserved. Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
null
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Woman accidentally shoots self while holstering gun in Walmart parking lot Print Email John Tunison | jtunison@mlive.com By John Tunison | jtunison@mlive.com The Grand Rapids Press Follow on Twitter on October 21, 2016 at 6:50 PM, updated October 21, 2016 at 7:53 PM comments MLive file photo  MECOSTA COUNTY, MI -- A 23-year-old woman accidentally shot herself in the hip while holstering a handgun in a Walmart parking lot in Big Rapids. Mecosta County sheriff's deputies responded to the parking lot about 3:25 p.m. Friday, Oct. 21 for the shooting. Police learned the 23-year-old, from Big Rapids, was attempting to holster her handgun when the gun fired and a bullet struck her hip. An off-duty nurse was in the parking lot and gave first aid to the woman. The injured woman was taken to Spectrum Health Big Rapids hospital for treatment of injuries not considered life-threatening. Mecosta County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Mohr said the woman planned to open-carry the weapon and was putting the gun in the holster when it discharged. Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content Home My Subscription Obituaries Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted NIE MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries Newspapers in Education News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Featured One stabbed, two hospitalized in early-morning burglary in Melvern USD 501 board still grappling with superintendent residency policy Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Featured KU basketball drops first season opener of Bill Self era KU football finds shooting star in defensive end Dorance Armstrong Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Celebrations Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured Topeka’s Ad Astra Theatre Ensemble stages Green Day’s ‘American Idiot’ Kansas State freshman Hunter Jobbins gives out Kit-Kat bars after stolen chocolate thrusts him into limelight Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Chris Cillizza: Remarkably thin Democratic bench just got badly exposed From the Morris Communications CEO: Message to our readers Connect With Us Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Weather Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Calendar of Events Subscriptions All Access digital subscription Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted October 21, 2016 09:46 am - Updated October 21, 2016 11:42 pm By Luke Ranker luke.ranker@cjonline.com Atchison chemical spill latest: At least 85 seek medical care after incident at MGP distilling plant Two person in intensive care A plume of noxious gas fogged over parts of Atchison after a chemical spill at a plant there Friday, causing "respiratory discomfort" for dozens of people. Here's a bird-eye view of the plume from a drone, via Corie Dunn. A plume of noxious gas fogged over parts of Atchison after a chemical spill at a plant there Friday, causing "respiratory discomfort" for dozens of people. Trey Cocking, the city manager of Atchison, Kan., addresses the media after a chemical incident occurred at the MPG Ingredients plant on Friday in Atchison. The Kansas Department of Emergency Management said multiple people who suffered respiratory problems because of the noxious cloud that formed were taken to hospitals. (Dougal Brownlie/The St. Joseph News-Press via AP) Trey Cocking, the city manager of Atchison, Kan., addresses the media after a chemical incident occurred at the MPG Ingredients plant on Friday in Atchison. The Kansas Department of Emergency Management said multiple people who suffered respiratory problems because of the noxious cloud that formed were taken to hospitals. A plume of noxious gas fogged over parts of Atchison after a chemical spill at a distillery plant there Friday, causing at least 85 people to seek medical attention. Shortly before 9 a.m., a large plume formed when two chemicals were inadvertently combined at the MGP Ingredients plant, which takes up several blocks in the city. The cloud of gas had mostly dissipated by 10:30 a.m., but some residents and school children were evacuated from the city for a time, Atchison city manager Trey Cocking said. “The plume covered a good portion of the city as the winds shift,” Cocking said during a news conference broadcast on the city’s Facebook page. “Everything is getting back to normal at this point.” At 11:10 a.m., the city said on its Facebook page, “It is now safe to go outside!” As the fog spread through town, residents — including at least five city employees — noticed a strong order and started experiencing respiratory issues, Cocking said. Most of the people who went to hospitals had been released by Friday afternoon. Sixty-seven people sought medical attention at the Atchison Hospital emergency room, spokeswoman T.C. Roberts told The Associated Press, and one person remained in stable condition in intensive care late Friday afternoon. Most had been released, but two other people were admitted to the hospital. Mosaic Life Care in nearby St. Joseph, Mo., also treated about 18 people, including one who remained in ICU Friday afternoon, said Joey Austin, hospital spokeswoman. All the others were released. MGP received a chemical delivery about 8:50 a.m. Shortly after, the chemical was accidentally poured into the wrong holding tank, Cocking said. He said he hadn’t been told what the plume consisted of, but Katie Horner, spokeswoman for the Kansas Department of Emergency Management, told the Associated Press two chemicals, sulfuric acid and sodium hypochlorite, were mistakenly combined. When the two chemicals combine they can release chlorine gas, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. The regional EPA office said it was supporting state and local emergency crews and had sent a coordinator to the site to assess the situation. Atchison, a city of about 11,000, is about 50 miles northwest of the Kansas City metropolitan area. Before 9 a.m. the city began urging residents through social media posts to take precautions including closing windows, turning off air conditioners and furnace units and staying inside. “If you are currently in the fog, seek shelter!” the city of Atchison Facebook page said at 9:21 a.m. The high school, middle school and Benedictine College were evacuated, the city said, but the elementary school was not. As one school building’s students sought shelter in the gymnasium, students in the other three buildings were shuttled in buses first toward a Walmart before being redirected to the local airport, Superintendent Susan Myers told the Associated Press. The buses were eventually directed again to Walmart, she said. “They were trying to figure out the wind, where this cloud was going. It was a very fluid situation,” she said. “I would say it was very anxiety-provoking to have this kind of situation. I’m sure this was an adventuresome day for everyone.” Atchison County’s Facebook directed people to a American Red Cross shelter-in-place information: http://www.redcross.org/images/MEDIA_CustomProductCatalog/m4340182_shelt.... The MGP Ingredients plant stretches from 10th to 14th street along Main Street in Atchison, officials said. Residents were told to avoid areas near Main Street, 17th Street, Division and the Missouri River. Meanwhile the Kansas Department of Transportation closed several highways including K-7, US-73 and US-59 highways. Winds pushed the plume 8 to 10 miles around the city, KDOT reported By 11 a.m., students were returning to class and all roads and highways were open, officials said. Chris Gitro, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service, told the Associated Press wind conditions helped the plume break up. “The one thing we had on our side was that the winds were enough to make it disperse,” he said. The city of Atchison on Friday afternoon posted the Atchison Hospital’s recommended treatments for the gas exposure on its Facebook page. “If you are experiencing minor symptoms, such as a sore throat, minor headache, and nasal congestion, take Benadryl, take a shower, and stay in a cool place. If you are experiencing symptoms such as difficulty breathing, wheezing, or other severe symptoms, seek medical attention.” The city also recommended residents air out their house and said all food in their house should be unaffected. According to The Associated Press, the MGP plant has also had other incidents, including a small explosion in another building in February where no injuries were reported, City Manager Trey Cocking said. The plant was also the site of a 2002 explosion and fire that damaged the plant’s distillery and injured a few people. The Kansas Department of Health and Environment said that since 2006 the company has faced more than $50,000 in penalties for issues including exceeding its air pollution cap and failing to install emissions devices. The company is currently in full compliance, according to the department. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Most Popular News Sat, 11/12/2016 - 23:07 Woman dies after car hits her on S.W. Wanamaker Sports Sat, 11/12/2016 - 16:13 KU basketball drops first season opener of Bill Self era News Mon, 11/14/2016 - 09:04 USD 501 board still grappling with superintendent residency policy Crime & Courts Mon, 11/14/2016 - 13:25 One stabbed, two hospitalized in early-morning burglary in Melvern   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Mon, 11/14/2016 - 17:57 Man involved in Nov. 5 gunfire exchange with Topeka police remains in critical condition Mon, 11/14/2016 - 17:18 Washburn University student reports threatening remarks made at minorities in wake of election results Mon, 11/14/2016 - 15:42 GateHouse to acquire Kansas-based Harris newspapers Mon, 11/14/2016 - 15:12 Kansas soldier buried after 1951 death in North Korea FURLEY, Kan. — An American soldier has been buried in rural Sedgwick County after dying in a North Korean prisoner of war camp in 1951. Read more Load more Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2016. All Rights Reserved. X
Search Home News Sports Gallery Obituaries Calendar of Events South Padre Parade e-Edition Contact Us   ^NDX4699.28-52.67 - -1.11% ^FTSE6753.18+22.75 - +0.34% ^AORD5420.30-26.30 - -0.48% ^AXJO5345.70-25.00 - -0.47% AUDUSD=X0.7536 USDJPY=X108.3930 WP Stock Ticker « Lady Tarpons Take Zapata in Four SPI welcomes new city manager Susan Guthrie » Oct 21 2016 Print this Post Police Blotter for 10-20-2016 Categories: News by Editor October 21, 2016 Special to the PRESS Just a quick dip Early on Sept. 21, an officer was dispatched to the city pool in reference to an open door. After checking that all the windows and doors were secure, the officer resumed patrol. Bumper cars Just before noon on Sept. 21, an officer was dispatched to assist a motorist with a stalled vehicle on the 1500 block of Highway 100. The officer used his patrol vehicle to push the driver’s car into the Walmart parking lot to await a tow truck. Time to requisition a paperweight On the afternoon of Sept. 21, an officer was dispatched to the eastbound lanes of the Queen Isabella Memorial Causeway because of some loose papers on the roadway. The officer scooped up most of the paperwork and returned them to a driver at the Causeway Café. Also known as? An officer responded to a call on E. Adams Street where he made contact with two men who claimed to have been threatened by another man. However, the two men only knew the third by an alias. The subject of the threat chose not to press charges. Guess what day it is At approximately 11:30 p.m. on Wednesday, Sept. 21, an officer stationed at the 500 block of Highway 100 observed a man who appeared to have trouble walking. After making contact with the man, the officer noticed the smell of alcohol, that the man had trouble keeping his balance and spoke with slurred speech. The man was placed under arrest on a charge of public intoxication. While the man was being placed into the patrol car, a woman who was yelling obscenities approached another officer. She, too emitted “a strong odor of alcoholic beverage from her breath and person” and was also placed under arrest for public intoxication. Once at the City Jail, officers discovered a small baggy containing a white powder that later tested positive for cocaine. The man was subsequently charged with possession of a controlled substance. The woman was also found to have five outstanding municipal warrants. Honor your father and mother Sometime near bedtime on Sept. 22, an officer was flagged down by a boy on the 200 block of E. Railroad. The boy told the officer he “got into a heated argument with his father.” The officer then learned from the boy’s mother and father that they had been trying to tell him to take a shower, but he didn’t want to. The officer then spoke with the boy and his younger brother, advising them to listen to their parents “and not to be disrespecting them.”   Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here. Tweet Related This post has no tag Permanent link to this article: http://portisabelsouthpadre.com/2016/10/21/police-blotter-for-10-20-2016/ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Message: * You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name: * Email: * Website:   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Weather Weather Forecast Recent Comments Rio History: Stingrays and Giant Mantas of the Gulf of Mexico – fisherynation.com on Rio History: Stingrays and Giant Mantas of the Gulf of Mexico Birdsall Marine Design Products on Great Outdoors: Wadefishing – Taking the first step Dorina O'Connor on Opposition ramps up against SPI Skate Park Joseph Cantu on Opposition ramps up against SPI Skate Park Carter Dennis on Opposition ramps up against SPI Skate Park View or Subscribe to the South Padre Parade San Benito News Retta explodes for six touchdowns as ‘Hounds route Bobcats 12 November 2016  By Luis Arreola III Special to the News   After suffering their first loss of the season just seven [...] Search Warrant Leads to Hydro Bust in Harlingen 10 November 2016 Special to the News Early this morning investigators with the Cameron County District Attorney’s Off [...] Changing of the Guard: Donald Trump wins presidential race, Adrian Gonzalez named Constable of Pct. 3 10 November 2016 By Pete Banda Managing Editor editor@sbnewspaper.com After months of anxious waiting, Election Day h [...] New inflatable helmet makes debut after generous donation from fan 8 November 2016 By Alfredo Moreno Special to the News After weeks of desperation in trying to find a replacement hel [...] After heartbreaking Battle of the Arroyo loss for ‘Hounds, focus shifts to playoff tilt with Edinburg 7 November 2016 By Luis Arreola Special to the News   It takes heart to step on a football field in Texas. For 48 co [...] Directory City of Port Isabel Point Isabel ISD City of South Padre Island SPI Convention Centre and Visitors Bureau South Padre Island Birding and Nature Center Dolphin Research and Sealife Nature Center Laguna Madre Humane Society Friends of Animal Rescue City of Laguna Vista Town of Bayview Cameron County Cameron County Sheriff's Department Cameron County District Attorney's Office Laguna Madre Water District Sign up to portisabelsouthpadre.com for notifications Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 86 other subscribers Email Address Copyright © 2016 Port Isabel-South Padre Press. Home News Sports Gallery Obituaries Calendar of Events South Padre Parade e-Edition Contact Us Return to top Powered by WordPress and the Graphene Theme.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Fremont Lions Club thanks stores for support The Fremont Lions Club wishes to thank the Fremont Walmart and the Fremont Rural King stores. Post to Facebook Fremont Lions Club thanks stores for support The Fremont Lions Club wishes to thank the Fremont Walmart and the Fremont Rural King stores.  Check out this story on thenews-messenger.com: http://ohne.ws/2eBJgLg {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Fremont Lions Club thanks stores for support Harry A. Sargeant 4:58 p.m. EDT October 21, 2016 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE The Fremont Lions Club wishes to publicly thank the management of the Fremont Walmart and the Fremont Rural King stores for permitting our club to solicit donations for its “White Cane Days” in front of their establishments on Oct. 14 and 15. Also, thanks to all who donated to this worthy cause. More than $1,700 was received, and all of this money will be used for the charities supported by our club, which include the following: sight and hearing research, diabetes awareness, seeing eye dogs, assistance for eyeglasses and hearing aids, scholarships for the “Students of the Year” at Fremont Ross and Bishop Hoffman high schools, Fremont Recreation Department, Camp Echoing Hills, and Buckeye Boys and Girls State. The motto of Lions Clubs International, which is the world’s largest service organization, is “We Serve.” When the Fremont Lions Club joins with organizations like Walmart and Rural King, it makes Fremont a great place to live and work. Harry A. Sargeant President, Fremont Lions Club Bellevue Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2eBJgLg More Stories Jon Spencer's Ohio State report card Nov. 13, 2016, 6:25 a.m. Police log: Woman hits boyfriend with beer can Nov. 11, 2016, 3:12 p.m. Area's teams carried by running backs Nov. 11, 2016, 2:02 p.m.
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News All News Stories Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity 2016 Elections Iowa Archives All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Business Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Election Hangover Happy Hour DMSC Studio One Live IPR Coloring Book Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Menu News All News Stories Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity 2016 Elections Iowa Archives All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Business Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Election Hangover Happy Hour DMSC Studio One Live IPR Coloring Book Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Former Casey City Clerk Headed to Prison for Arson and Fraud By Sarah Boden • Oct 21, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Downtown Casey, Iowa. FLICKR / JIMMY EMERSON, DVM The former city clerk of Casey, Iowa was sentenced on Friday to five years in prison for mail fraud and the arson of a community building. Dorothy Dillinger pled guilty to the offenses back in May. In her scheme to defraud the city of Casey, Dillinger used a city credit card to make personal purchases totaling more than $54,000 for purchases at vendors like WalMart, Target and an online dating website.  In her guilty plea, Dillinger admitted to using the U.S. Postal Service to mail city checks to pay those credit card bills. Dillinger also admits to the arson of the Casey Community Building the night before state auditors were scheduled to begin a review of the city’s financial records.  The fire destroyed records, and according to court records, caused more than $2 million in damages and replacement costs. Dillinger has yet to surrender to authorities for her prison term, and a judge has yet to determine restitution. An email to Dillinger's lawyer and a call to the city of Casey were not immediately returned. In a press release last year the city said it was, "shocked and saddened" by the findings of an audit that uncovered Dilinger's embezzlement and other improper disbursements.  Tags:  courts news fraud TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Audit Uncovers Unauthorized Spending by Casey City Clerk 1 year ago Alleged Toner Pirates Barred from Doing Business in Iowa 1 month ago Alleged Toner Pirate Scam Targets Iowa Libraries 2 months ago Iowa Supreme Court Case Has Major DACA Implications 3 weeks ago © 2016 Iowa Public Radio About IPR Board of Directors Contact Us Careers at IPR Terms of Use For the Press Events
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics AAPL BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > CEO Shake Up Spooks Traders Ahead of Visa Inc (V) Earnings A new CEO and a much higher dividend payment has given traders a reason to tune in By Laura Hoy, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 21, 2016, 5:13 pm EST     Popular Posts: 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Will Fly With AmazonFresh Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Is a Great Buy for Income Investors Recent Posts: 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Is a Great Buy for Income Investors Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Will Be on Fire … Just Wait View All Posts The payment processing space is changing rapidly as new technology threatens to completely overhaul the way people buy things in the very near future. While credit card company Visa Inc (NYSE:V) still operates one of the most popular payment networks, there are several obstacles ahead. Source: Kārlis Dambrāns via Flickr Newer entrants such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and PayPal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL) give V a run for its money. All of this and more is likely to be addressed on Monday after the bell when Visa releases its fourth-quarter earnings. Visa’s New CEO Visa is expected to report earnings per share of 73 cents, but investors’ focus is likely to be on the company’s future. One week before the earnings were due to be released, Visa CEO Charlie Scharf announced plans to step down. Scharf will be replaced by Alfred F. Kelly Jr, a former American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) exec. The CEO switch-up took many by surprise, especially with an earnings announcement so close at hand. Some are questioning whether or not Scharf’s decision to leave, which he said was due to family commitments, is a signal of choppy waters ahead for Visa. Scharf is leaving behind a host of legal troubles, including a battle with retailers over credit and debit card fees and a disagreement with discount superstore Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) over PIN verifications. American Express Company (AXP) Stock Climbs Higher on Earnings Beat These issues are just scratching the surface of what could be to come for Visa, as regulations regarding global payment processing are growing more restrictive as the space develops. As one of the largest players in this industry, V will probably feel the brunt of a regulatory clampdown, so such a scenario is worrying for Visa stockholders. However, incoming CEO Kelly doesn’t appear to be interested in changing Visa’s course and his entrance may not be much of a shakeup after all. Not only has he been privy to Visa’s ups and downs over the past two years, thanks to his seat on Visa’s board of directors, but he assured investors that he wasn’t planning to make any big changes in an interview with Reuters. Many are hoping to hear more on exactly how and when this transition will take place on Monday’s earnings call. Europe Problems One of the highlights of Visa’s third-quarter earnings call was the company’s recent acquisition of Visa Europe, which brought an additional $6.8 trillion worth of global payments under the V umbrella. However, the merger took place just days before the Brexit vote, leaving the deal marred with uncertainty over Visa Europe’s performance moving forward. Now that the UK has begun to negotiate trade agreements, investors will be eager to see how Visa plans to deal with European headwinds. Some worry that the Visa Europe acquisition may not be as advantageous as once believed now that trade across the continent is facing major hurdles. Mobile Payments There’s no question that the payment processing space is leaning more toward mobile transactions, and Visa has been careful not to overlook this trend. While credit and debit transactions are still wildly popular at the moment, it may not be long before paying with your phone becomes the new norm. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Is a Long-Term Powerhouse For that reason, Visa has been working to strike deals with rivals such as PayPal to ensure that it remains relevant moving forward. The partnership has been touted as a win for Visa, largely because it removed a major competitor and moved some of PayPal’s transactions onto the Visa network. Another big focal point of Monday’s earnings will be Visa’s financial strength. The company announced on Tuesday that it would raise its quarterly dividend by 18%. This sent a strong message that finances are on solid ground, so traders will be looking for the company’s fourth-quarter earnings to confirm that. As of this writing, Laura Hoy was long AAPL stock. More From InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy That Will Grow by Double Digits 3 No-Brainer Stocks to Buy for Retirement Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/visa-v-stock-earnings-ipmedia/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 4 Biotechs to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 4 Biotech Stocks to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Barrie Search X News Sports Video Weather More My News Connect Local News Sports Features Athlete of the Week Off the Ice Latest News Latest CTV News at 6 CTV News at 11 Sports Sports Athlete of the Week Features House Calls Features LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Weather Forecast School Bus Cancellations Picture This Weather Watchers Traffic and Travel Traffic Cameras Cottage Traffic App School Bus Cancellations Community We're Involved The Pledge Resources Links Lotto Results Content Features Contests Photo Galleries About Us Bios FAQ Contact Ad sales Contact Us Social Media Facebook Twitter Newsletter Breaking News and Headlines CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured false Lawsuit officially filed after Casino Rama hack Air Date: November 14, 2016 false Chapman's offers to buy school in Markdale Air Date: November 14, 2016 false Unique snow removal contract in Vaughan Air Date: November 14, 2016 false Local Christmas trees are headed to homes across North America Air Date: November 14, 2016 false We've launched our 2016 Toy Mountain campaign Air Date: November 14, 2016 false Toy Mountain: Check out these Hexbots Air Date: November 14, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Two landscapers injured, one seriously in Barrie hit-and-run CTV Barrie Published Friday, October 21, 2016 4:58PM EDT Last Updated Friday, October 21, 2016 4:59PM EDT Two landscapers are in hospital, one with serious injuries after a hit-and-run in Barrie’s south end. According to Barrie police, the pair was working behind the Walmart on Mapleview Drive on Friday afternoon when a vehicle came down a lane that was blocked off. One of the workers had his foot run over – he suffered minor injuries. The second man was leaf blowing and didn’t see or hear the car coming. According to investigators, the man went onto the hood, struck the windshield and rolled off. He was taken to hospital with serious, but non-life threatening injuries. Police say the driver then drove off. The vehicle is described as a small, dark coloured car, possibly a Chrysler Neon. The vehicle may have damage to its hood and windshield. Anyone with information is asked to call police or Crime Stoppers. MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false CTV Barrie webcast for Sunday Nov. 13, 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV News at 11 Barrie for Sunday, November 13, 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV Barrie: Cyclo-cross in Midland Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News More stories from Barrie Class-action lawsuit filed against Casino Rama after cyberattack Chapman’s Ice Cream offers to buy Markdale school to keep it open Fire displaces more than 30 people in Keswick Victim in deadly Midland crash was a 69-year-old woman Grey County woman banned from owning equine after animal cruelty guilty plea Ontario land-transfer tax rebate doubled for first time homebuyers weather Change city   More Barrie and area weather News tip? Breaking news? See something? Send us a tip. Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Obama trying to convey 'weighty' duties of White House false 'Corner Gas' star Janet Wright dies at 71 false Plane uses 'evasive measures' to avoid object near Toronto false Trump's Oval Office: Controversial hiring of top strategist false Two people fall into sinkhole outside Sears store in Ontario Advertisement Most Popular Stories 1 Chapman’s Ice Cream offers to buy Markdale school to keep it open 2 Ontario land-transfer tax rebate doubled for first time homebuyers 3 Grey County woman banned from owning equine after animal cruelty guilty plea 4 Class-action lawsuit filed against Casino Rama after cyberattack 5 Victim in deadly Midland crash was a 69-year-old woman 6 Police continue to probe fatal Midland crash 7 OPP say break-in didn't happen at Simcoe-Grey MP's Creemore home 8 King Township man dies in late night Bradford crash 9 Statement of claim for proposed lawsuit against Casino Rama to be filed Monday 10 One person dead after serious Midland crash Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
SUBSCRIBE NOWfor home delivery Home Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast News Sports Business Entertainment Opinion Lifestyles Community Obituaries USA Today Media Homes Jobs Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads More Home Weather News Sports Business Entertainment Opinion Lifestyles Community Obituaries USA Today Media Homes Jobs Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Social Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 201 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Aldi grocery chain might come to Estero The discount grocer has proposed a store near Wal-Mart in Estero. Post to Facebook Aldi grocery chain might come to Estero The discount grocer has proposed a store near Wal-Mart in Estero.  Check out this story on naplesnews.com: http://nplsne.ws/2eBmao0 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Aldi grocery chain might come to Estero Maryann Batlle , maryann.batlle@naplesnews.com; 239-263-4790 2:39 p.m. EDT October 21, 2016 Discount grocer Aldi might come to Estero, according to village Community Development documents. (Photo: Courtesy of the Village of Estero) 201 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Aldi, a German discount grocery store chain, might open a store in Estero. A proposal for a new commercial development on the east side of U.S. 41, just north of the Wal-Mart on Estero Parkway, includes plans for an 18,000-square-foot Aldi and a 4,800-square-foot MedExpress medical office. The development is referred to as "Estero Town Center" in the application. The almost 4-acre site already has permission to build up to 26,775 square feet of retail, according to an application submitted to the village of Estero's Community Development department. Estero's Design Review Board is expected to host a public information workshop for Estero Town Center on Wednesday. The workshop would be part of the board's meeting that starts at 5:30 p.m. at the Village Hall, 9401 Corkscrew Palms Circle, Estero. Aldi is a no-frills grocer that offers low priced items by keeping other costs down. A customer who needs a shopping cart has to pay a quarter that is returned only when the cart is. There are no Aldi employees waiting to bag groceries for customers. Reusable grocery bags are encouraged and available for purchase. Aldi, based in Essen, Germany, has 9,600 stores in Europe, Australia and the United States. An Aldi is under construction on Naples Boulevard in Collier County. That location is expected to open in November. Read or Share this story: http://nplsne.ws/2eBmao0 More Stories College soccer: FGCU men playing at USF in NCAA tournament Nov. 14, 2016, 1:37 p.m. Leader expresses worry about future LGBTQ laws Nov. 14, 2016, 6:55 a.m. Prominent PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Nov. 14, 2016, 5:10 p.m.
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Harrisburg Heat Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Tennis Boys Lacrosse Boys Ice Hockey Girls Lacrosse Softball Boys Volleyball Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Celebrity Gossip Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Scammers prey on a grandmother's fear: 'What would they do to him?' Western-Union A 'grandparent scam' calls for people to wire money allegedly to rescue their grandchildren in other countries. Print Email David Wenner | dwenner@pennlive.com By David Wenner | dwenner@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 21, 2016 at 10:42 AM, updated October 21, 2016 at 11:15 AM comments It's easy to see why the scam works: It targets grandparents. Or more precisely, it takes advantage of their near unshakable impulse to help a young relative in distress. And they fact grandparents often have fast access to money, quite possibly in the form of their life savings. The latest victim is a 78-year-old woman in Somerset County, Pa. On Friday morning, her voice broke at times while describing what the scammers said, and how she and her husband felt upon realizing they had been taken. The initial call came Wednesday, when someone sounding exactly like their grandson called and said he had been injured in a car accident in the Dominican Republic and needed money for medical care. The Somerset County grandmother, who didn't want her name published, wired the requested $800. Another call came Thursday. This time a different young man spoke, explaining that, during the car accident, they had hit a pregnant woman, now in the hospital. They had been drinking. Another $800 was needed. The grandmother asked to talk to her grandson. The caller said he couldn't come to the phone because he was in front of the judge. Her husband raised the possibility of a scam. But what if it wasn't? "If we didn't sent the money, what would they do to him," she said. They headed for Western Union. Seeing them again wanting to wire a large sum overseas, the clerk said it's probably a scam. But the Somerset grandmother couldn't stop thinking of her grandson on the phone, and felt they couldn't risk not sending the money. The clerk refused. So they went to a Wal-Mart. That clerk also suspected a scam and refused to wire the money. The clerk explained she always suspects a scam when someone older than about 60 wants to wire a large sum overseas. Following the clerk's advice, they went to state police. The caller pretending to be a friend of her grandson had given a call back number. The plan was for the grandmother to call it and say a family friend wanted to talk to him, and then hand the phone to a state trooper. But upon hearing his voice the caller hung up. At that point the grandmother contacted her daughter, who texted the grandson. He was at work at his new job in Pittsburgh. It's unlikely the Somerset grandparents will ever get back the $800. On Friday, the grandmother marveled the scammers' ability to provide convincing details. The fake grandson, a recent college graduate, told of traveling to the Dominican Republic with a group of friends for a wedding. That's where the drinking that led to the accident took place. The scammers now how to push the right buttons. It was so convincing that, upon learning alcohol was involved, the grandfather worried the incident would affect his grandson's new job. The fake grandson said they shouldn't tell his mother. He said his grandparents were the only people he could turn to. It matched their relationship with their real grandson. "It just sounded like my grandson talking ... they have that story down pat," she said. Many people have fallen for that story, or a variation of it. Like the flu, the so-called 'grandparent scam' seems to constantly evolve, taking in new victims despite warnings from state attorney generals and organizations including AARP. The scammers know that when a grandparent received a call from a young relative pleading for help, their instinct is to do so. AARP in its warnings has told of a Washington couple who lost nearly $90,000 over several days to a caller they believed was their grandson. A story involving a terrible accident is a common one. Sometimes a "doctor" gets on the line. Sometimes a fake grandchild will speak, explaining he or she can only talk briefly. Sometimes the grandchild is in trouble with the law, and someone pretending to be a police officer will get on the line. Sometimes the relative's car has broken down and the relative needs money to get it fixed. Sometimes they are stuck at a foreign airport and need money to pay customs to return home. It's common for the young relative to beg the grandparent not to tell their parents about the situation. In virtually all cases, the situation is urgent and the money must be wired immediately. But a request for money that must be wired immediately is a scam in virtually every instance, according to law enforcement officials. It's surprisingly easy for the scammers to get the needed information. Sources include obituaries, social networks, hacked email accounts and sources such as marketing databases. The Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office several years ago put out a warning saying an urgent request to wire money overseas is always a scam. And once the money is wired, it will never be recovered, say law enforcement officials. AARP has offered this advice: First, resist the pressure to act quickly. That piece of advice comes from the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The fake grandchild says it's an emergency in order to bypass your natural hesitation before parting with your money. Slow things down to short-circuit the scam. Second, ask questions: what's your mom's name? What's your favorite pet's name? Where were you born? Your fake grandchild will flunk the test. Third, ask for a phone number: if it's really a relative, they won't be shy about providing contact information. If it's a "doctor" or "police officer," they should be able to provide an office number. Yes, any phone number provided by a scammer will be fraudulent. However, you will be comforted that if it's really your grandchild, the number will be legitimate and you can call him back after doing your own careful research. Finally, and most important, hang up and call your grandchild's home number or mobile phone number, and call his parents. You will discover he's safe and sound. In the incredibly rare instance that the call actually came from a relative, you may call him or her back and make payment arrangements. What else you can do? As the FBI points out, "Never wire money based on a request made over the phone or in an email... especially overseas. Wiring money is like giving cash – once you send it, you can't get it back." Remind your family members not to announce on websites such as Twitter and Facebook that they're leaving on vacation. The Internet is global, exposing them and their families to literally billions of Web surfers – some of whom know how to illegally profit from the information. Also, make sure to keep your family members' updated contact information easily accessible so that you may easily find out for yourself the whereabouts of your loved ones. If you fell for it: If you have wired money and it hasn't been picked up yet, call the wire transfer service to cancel the transaction. Once the money has been picked up, there is no way to get it back. You can reach the complaint department of MoneyGram at 1-800-MONEYGRAM (1-800-666-3947) or Western Union at 1-800-448-1492. Then, file a complaint with your local police department and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Visit online or call toll-free, 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357); TTY: 1-866-653-4261.  Pennsylvania residents should call the state attorney general's office at Consumer Protection- 800-441-2555. The office also provides information about scams here. PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Most Read Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Frequently Asked Questions Career Opportunities FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Lawrence Wormington Friday Oct 21, 2016 at 3:44 PM Lawrence Wormington, 72, passed away Oct. 18, 2016 in Carthage, Mo. Staff Reports Lawrence Wormington, 72, passed away Oct. 18, 2016 in Carthage, Mo.  Lawrence was born Oct. 23, 1943 in Purdy, Mo., to Otis and Ellen Wormington.   He was a lifelong resident of Carthage and worked as a butcher for Wal-Mart.   Lawrence loved horses and was a horse farrier for many years. Lawrence was united in marriage to Loretta Banks on Oct. 30, 1961 in Purdy, Mo; she survives.   Lawrence is survived by two sons, Alan Wormington and wife Jinger of Jasper, Mo., and Richard Wormington and wife Juanita of Carthage, Mo., and two daughters, Micki Wormington and friend Debra Folks of Carthage and Lacy King and husband Richard of Carthage.   He is also survived by one brother, Lavern Wormington of Monett, and two sisters, Rose Ellen Jones and husband Frank of Monett and Sharon Kay Wormington of Kansas. Also surviving are 11 grandchildren:  Diyana, Dalen, Danaé, Davion, DeBardre, Deighten, Kyndal, Kylee, Ciarra, Chelsea, and Mirana and two great grandchildren: Brenley and Brexton. One brother, Efton Wormington, preceded him in death in 1994. Memorial services will be held 2 p.m. Monday, Oct. 24, 2016 at Ulmer Funeral Home.  Online condolences may be made at www.ulmerfh.com. Arrangements are under the direction of Ulmer Funeral Home.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us e-Edition Place an Ad Submit Your News Calendar Market Place Cars Classifieds RadarFrog Featured Ads Boats Magazine Community Info The City of Carthage Chamber of Commerce R-9 School District Carthage CVB Missouri Government Carthage Demographics Church Directory Sports MSSU Pitt State MO Sports KC Royals KC Chiefs MU Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Obituaries Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Carthage Press ~ 800 W. Central (P.O. Box 678), Carthage, MO 64836 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber e-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Share on Facebook Tweet Share Save Share Stumble LOGIN Money Communication Lifestyle Productivity Tech Work LOGIN All Sections Communication Motivation Relationships Lifestyle Family Fitness Food And Drink Health Home Leisure Money Productivity Technology iOS Mac Work Products Goal Planner Quotes Books Deals About About Lifehack Authors Editors Become an author Advertise Terms Privacy Submit a bug Submit a copyright report Follow us Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Youtube Instagram RSS × Login To Lifehack Home Submit a Bug Contribute Terms Privacy   Add To My Goal 3 Pieces of the Money-Saving Puzzle that All Work Together Kyle Burbank Share More Tweet Share Save Share Stumble Email 3 Pieces of the Money-Saving Puzzle that All Work Togetherby Kyle Burbank | Lately my wife and I have been on a kick: a money-saving kick. This has involved thinking carefully about every purchase we make and how we can maximize our savings without venturing into extreme couponing territory. From these exercises and experiments I’ve realized that there are three elements that work beautifully together to save you the most money possible: loyalty offers, coupons, and credit card rewards. Here’s how they each work and how they can be combined: Loyalty offers It seems most places now offer some sort of loyalty-rewards program. They come in many different forms. For example, the “buy X get 1 free” model seems popular among many restaurants, while other retailers might offer a points-per-dollar based system for earning rewards. Walmart also offers a unique twist on a loyalty program through their Savings Catcher app that reimburses you the difference in price should the app find a better deal from a nearby competitor. Nine times out of ten these programs are free to sign up for and, if you frequent the location enough, they can serve you quite well. Those that do charge an annual or monthly fee to join are less likely to pay off unless they’re places you visit a lot. To be fair, if they are charging they usually make up for it with better perks, so it’s really a question of how much use you’ll get out of it. Coupons Everyone knows about coupons, but have you ever realized how many different ways there are of obtaining them these days? While weekly mailings and newspaper circulars are still going strong, mobile coupons, e-mail blasts, and promo codes from sites like RetailMeNot are great sources for more money-saving offers. Sadly, you’ll likely have to read the fine print to see if a given coupon or promo code will actually work for your purchase, but it’s always worth a try — especially if you’re shopping online where no one will judge you for attempting to use 50 different coupons. Credit card rewards Depending on what kind of card you have there could be several different ways to put it to good use. Some cards offer a flat amount of cash back or points no matter what you’re buying, while others will give more for purchases made in certain categories. That’s pretty well-known, but what’s less talked about are the bonus offers that many cards offer for specific retailers and restaurants. Typically these offers are hiding somewhere on the cardholder website, so it’s probably worth logging in and poking around. Lastly, you may be able to use your cash back to purchase gift cards at a discount, so watch out for those offers as well. Using them all together The problem with most coupons is that they aren’t “stackable,” meaning that you can’t use them with any other coupons or offers. However, that rarely applies to earning loyalty points in addition to using your coupon and should really never apply to earning credit card cash back in addition. Thus the unstackable suddenly become stacked when you play your cards (pun intended) correctly. Last week I reached the pinnacle of this theory when I was able to a) use a coupon for my purchase at Sears b) while earning Shop Your Way points and c) earning 5% cash back since “department stores” are this quarter’s bonus on my Discover It card. Similarly successful scenarios include using your rewards credit card to reload your Starbucks Gold Card and taking advantage of Frappy Hour (half off drinks) or perhaps using a coupon at Red Robin, earning Royalty points, and paying the bill with your cash back credit card — the possibilities are endless! The key is to plan ahead and think your purchases through so that you can figure out how to reach maximum savings. In some cases there might be multiple routes so, if you’re truly dedicated, there may be a bit of math involved in choosing which one you’ll take. While it might take extra thought on your part when you’re first getting started, you’ll be a money-saving pro in no time. In conclusion Today there are several different mediums for savings, but why stick to just one? In many cases you can double or triple down on your savings by taking advantage of loyalty programs, coupons of all kinds, and credit card rewards all at the same time. Best of luck on your savings adventures. Set a Goal For Yourself Add To My Goal Get tailor-made posts to achieve goal for free every morning Love this article? Share it with your friends on FacebookRead full content Kyle Burbank Kyle is a freelance writer living in Springfield, MO. He is the author of the book "The E-Ticket Life" about his experiences at Disney parks around the world and writes a weekly personal finance column titled "Money at 30" for DyerNews.com Read more posts written by Kyle Burbank Write For Us! × NEXT ARTICLE 5 Ways To Improve The Relationship With Yourself × × Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Like Us 1.1M I've already liked Lifehack on Facebook Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Follow Us 105K I've already followed Lifehack on twitter Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Circle Us 120K I've already circled Lifehack on google+ Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Follow Us 414K I've already followed Lifehack on pinterest Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Get them delivered straight to your inbox. It's free. Sign up Please enter a valid email address I've already subscribed newsletter It's never too late to start over. If you weren't happy with yesterday, try something different today. Don't stay stuck. Do better. I agree I disagree × We think so, too! Join Lifehack newsletter and we will inspire you to pursue a happier existence. Sign up for free! Please enter a valid email address × Great to See You on Lifehack! We’re glad that you’re subscribing to Lifehack and hope you’ll enjoy reading through! Remember to confirm the subscription in the confirmation email. We think so, too! × Like us on facebook and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. Like us 1.1M Follow us on Twitter and we will inspire you to pursue a happier existence. Follow Us 105K Circle us on Google+ and we will inspire you to pursue a happier existence. Circle Us 120K Follow us on pinterest and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. Follow Us 414K × We think so, too! Share this article to Facebook to inspire more people with us! Share on Facebook It's never too late to start over. If you weren't happy with yesterday, try something different today. Don't stay stuck. Do better. I Agree I Disagree × We think so, too! Join Lifehack newsletter and we will inspire you to pursue a happier existence. Sign up for free! Please enter a valid email address × Great to See You on Lifehack! We’re glad that you’re subscribing to Lifehack and hope you’ll enjoy reading through! Remember to confirm the subscription in the confirmation email. × We think so, too! Like us on facebook and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. × We think so, too! Follow us on pinterest and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. Follow us on Pinterest × We think so, too! Share this article to Facebook to inspire more people with us! Share on Facebook × Great! The post is successfully saved to your collection. Well Done! You have finished the post and the post is removed from your collection. Save your next post to read now. Love this article? Share it with your friends on Facebook Share it on Facebook Get set goal! You'll receive daily email that helps you achieve goals right in the morning.
MENU Reason.com Free Minds & Free Markets TRENDING TOPICS CLOSE Election 2016 Gary Johnson Marijuana Ballot Initiatives Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Freedom of Speech Police College PC Marijuana Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Supreme Court Presidential Debate MENU CLOSE Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Digital/Print Magazine Subscribe GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Donate Shop Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Font Size + Font Size - submit Election 2016 Gary Johnson Marijuana Ballot Initiatives Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Freedom of Speech More Police College PC Marijuana Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Supreme Court Presidential Debate More Mike Rowe Wears Trump’s Robe, Fights a Drone, and Solves the Labor Shortage The former 'Dirty Jobs' host makes a successful leap from cable television to social media stardom. Nick Gillespie & Todd Krainin | October 21, 2016 EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT What's life like for Mike Rowe without a network television show? Since Somebody's Gotta Do It is no longer on CNN Rowe has had his privacy violated by a drone, the former host of Dirty Jobs survived the rumors of his own death swirling about the internet, and in the home stretch of an ugly presidential election, he worries more than ever about unemployment, the skills gap, and a widespread loss of meaning in American life. Yet Rowe himself remains more popular than ever. Days after Rowe read a letter from his mother detailing how she lost her purse at Wal-Mart, the post went hyperviral. It was seen by over 100 million people – "a third of the country!" he exclaims. "I've never seen anything like it," Rowe tells Reason TV, "I've talked to people at Facebook who said they've never seen anything like it." Rowe has also found a way to turn C.R.A.P – that's Collectibles, Rare and Precious – into philanthropy. His auction of a swanky Trump Tower bathrobe, signed by The Donald himself, fetched a cool $16,000 on eBay. The money then trickled down from the alleged billionaire to The Mike Rowe Works Foundation, which funds "work ethic scholarships" that provide out-of-luck workers with valuable skills for the modern economy. Nick Gillespie caught up with Mike Rowe in Nashville, Tennessee to chat about his affection for the Second Amendment, his adventures in podcasting, the 2016 election, the secret to extracting semen from a prize racehorse, and more. Produced by Todd Krainin. Hosted by Nick Gillespie. Cameras by Paul Detrick and Krainin. INTERVIEW CONTENTS 0:00 - Teaser. 0:45 - Intro. 1:05 - Naked Mike Rowe and a Mossberg 500 vs. a drone. 7:39 - What happened to Somebody's Gotta Do It? 11:34 - Have we lost touch with the important things in life? 15:50 - Work ethic scholarships. 18:56 - How to extract semen from a prize racehorse. 21:45 - Donald Trump's robe 23:33 - Thoughts on free trade. 31:02 - Thoughts on occupational licensure. 34:50 - The false choices of American life. 1 2 3 Next Page Last HD Version (MOV file) MP4 for iPod Audio-only version (MP3 file) Nick Gillespie is the editor in chief of Reason.com and Reason TV and the co-author, with Matt Welch, of The Declaration of Independents: How Libertarian Politics Can Fix What's Wrong With America (2011/2012). He is also a columnist for The Daily Beast. Follow Nick Gillespie on Twitter Find Nick Gillespie on Google+ Todd Krainin is a producer for Reason TV. Find Todd Krainin on Facebook Media Contact Reprint Requests EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT RELATED ARTICLES Who Knew Traveling to Mars Could Seem So Dull? Glenn Garvin|11.11.16 Get Your Tabloid Television On and Revisit Serial Killers, Karen Carpenter Glenn Garvin|11.04.16 Documentary Recalls Horrors of Korean War Glenn Garvin|10.28.16 Television Hard Work Media Employment Underemployment Donald Trump Second Amendment Guns VIEW COMMENTS (33) | LEAVE A COMMENT Editor's Note: We invite comments and request that they be civil and on-topic. We do not moderate or assume any responsibility for comments, which are owned by the readers who post them. Comments do not represent the views of Reason.com or Reason Foundation. We reserve the right to delete any comment for any reason at any time. Report abuses. Florida Hipster|10.21.16 @ 12:25PM|# Foster/Rowe 2020! Sorry Dracula, you're out. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 12:26PM|# "Remember - there's nothing virtuous or patriotic about voting just for the sake of voting, and the next time someone tells you otherwise, do me a favor - ask them who they're voting for. Then tell them you're voting for their opponent. Then, see if they'll give you a ride to the polls." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Florida Hipster|10.21.16 @ 12:33PM|# Are you Chris Beard? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 12:36PM|# Who is Chris Beard? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Florida Hipster|10.21.16 @ 12:36PM|# He is on the FB link talking bout GJ. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 12:41PM|# Nope, but he makes a fair point. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply bacon-magic|10.21.16 @ 12:33PM|# The Jacket knows who the commentariat loves. Good interview. Mossberg 500 is one of my favorite rabbit guns. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 12:34PM|# I'll be in my bunk... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply This Machine|10.21.16 @ 12:40PM|# Same. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Mainer2|10.21.16 @ 12:57PM|# Why Kristen ? Just because he's intelligent, well read, well spoken, tall, handsome, sturdy and good with his hands ? Wait, now why am I getting this funny feeling ?. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply flye|10.21.16 @ 1:33PM|# So there he stood on his deck, fully naked in the filtered light of the afternoon, his manly hands gripped expertly around the Mossburg 500 trained on the hovering drone as it filmed the scene for unknown eyes... (just trying to help) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 1:45PM|# Goddammit....back to the bunk. I got work to do, here! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chipper Morning Wood|10.21.16 @ 1:49PM|# I thought you ladies preferred to run a bath... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 2:15PM|# Real Women™ prefer to quote Firefly reply to this report spam log in or register to reply bacon-magic|10.21.16 @ 2:26PM|# Firefly rocks. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 12:39PM|# "I'm not much of a joiner" *orgasms* (I say this ALL THE TIME) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply MikeT1986|10.21.16 @ 2:19PM|# Surprised your hands are free enough to comment. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Swiss Servator|10.21.16 @ 2:39PM|# Talk to text. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply But Enough About Me|10.21.16 @ 3:11PM|# Hmmmm. I'm not sure there's a "moan-to-text" app, actually... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply bacon-magic|10.21.16 @ 12:40PM|# The Jacket vs. The Hat. Hat wins. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply This Machine|10.21.16 @ 12:45PM|# This isn't from the interview, but I love it anyway. Basically some douchebag got pissy with Rowe for suggesting that maybe not everybody should vote if they don't really understand what they're voting for. The response from Mike is solid gold. Rick Snee: So, who is "Mike Rowe-certified" to vote, since it's apparently as dangerous as people arming themselves to the gills? People who "read more." It's true – I am guilty of encouraging people to read books. But I didn't just say "read more." I mentioned very specific authors who impacted me, and very specific books that helped me form a worldview I could articulate and defend. "The Road to Serfdom" and "Economics in One Lesson" both helped me become a more informed voter. So I recommend them to everyone. Likewise, there are many books I do not recommend. Dammit, Mike. Let's make Freddy and the Biped 2016 a reality. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 12:48PM|# Freddy & The Biped is great! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Mainer2|10.21.16 @ 12:54PM|# You can't expect Snee to argue against what Rowe actually said. It's so much easier to make smug comments about what Snee wishes Rowe had said. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |10.21.16 @ 1:19PM|# "Semen rainbows" DYING reply to this report spam log in or register to reply But Enough About Me|10.21.16 @ 3:09PM|# If Mike Rowe ever decides to run for President, I'm gonna become a U.S. citizen just so's I can vote for the guy. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply But Enough About Me|10.21.16 @ 3:14PM|# Hell, even Freddy'd make a better President than the crop of pustulent high-pressure sh!tnozzles on both sides of the aisle you poor suckers are normally offered to choose from... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply True Neutral Paladin|10.21.16 @ 9:05PM|# Great interview. Rowe is funny and intelligent, and he articulates some ideas about education and work that I've discussed with friends and family. Good stuff, and a nice break from the usual headlines. Thanks for the introduction. :) reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BoTardESQue|10.22.16 @ 1:04AM|# How to extract semen from a prize racehorse. If it's a thoroughbred, it's offspring won't be allowed to race... gotta do it the old-fashioned way. Current top sire Tapit gets $300,000 a shot- he tops 1 or 2 mares every day for 3 months- what a life! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Social Darwinist|10.23.16 @ 9:16AM|# So when he was naked on his porch with the shotgun, is that an example of a "Mike-Rowe-aggression"? I'll be here all week folks. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply sharkdb|10.23.16 @ 2:00PM|# Great interview! Big fan of Mike over the years. He is actually one of the best thinkers in American society today, and should be listened to. If he hasn't already, he should give a TED talk, and word of his wisdom should be shared. I suspect he is libertarian leaning, and is a strong advocate of the working man who doesn't crave the sense of entitlement that politicians suggest they want. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply lookyloo|10.25.16 @ 12:48AM|# Mike is very good at playing to his 'audiences' Here he is getting accolades from the libertarians all the while he's VERY pro trades-unions when other audiences show up. The dude is a charming, not-dumb, good-looking person - and boy is he parlaying those traits in the minor-fame-as-a-career game. I'm cool with whatever success he can spin for himself as he doesn't seem like an evil guy in the least - but he's working the audience 24/7 to keep it going - so it's hard to know where he stands on anything really (except unions; he's been solidly pro). reply to this report spam log in or register to reply MikeT1986|10.25.16 @ 9:58AM|# If unions don't use coercion or the power of the state I've got zero problem with them. That however seems to be uncommon, if not unheard of. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply You're Kidding|11.3.16 @ 4:57PM|# A "good job" is whichever one will pay you the most money. Always has been. Always will be. Anything else is just a hobby. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Leave a Comment * COMMENT: You must have an account and be logged in to comment. Click here to register, or here to login if you already have an account * COMMENT: We Can Build Our Way… Steven Greenhut | 10.21.2016 Reasontv Home Trump's 'Rigged Election'… Ronald Bailey | 10.21.2016 GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription TOP STORIES Affordable Care Act's Unpopularity Helped Trump Win 2016 Election 11.14.16 4:00 pm Let’s Not Have an LGBT Panic over Trump’s Election 11.14.16 2:15 pm Biting the Hands that Feed Us: Food Laws vs. Culinary Reality 11.14.16 3:25 pm Democrats Got Wrecked Again in State Legislative Races, and it Matters More Than You Might Think 11.14.16 12:47 pm SNL Hillary Clinton Singing 'Hallelujah,' Or How Political Correctness Gave Us Trump 11.14.16 1:10 pm MOST VISITED There Is No Violent Hate-Crimewave in 'Trump's America' Elizabeth Brown | 11.11.16 12:40 pm Trump Won Because Leftist Political Correctness Inspired a Terrifying Backlash Robby Soave | 11.09.16 8:01 am Stop Sharing News That Trans Teen Suicides Spiked Post-Election—It's Not Just Wrong, But Dangerous to LGBT Youth Elizabeth Brown | 11.12.16 9:15 pm Colleges Cancelled Exams for Students Traumatized by Trump's Election Robby Soave | 11.10.16 8:15 am UPenn Created a Post-Election Safe Space Complete with Puppies and Coloring Books Robby Soave | 11.11.16 1:16 pm Hit & Run Blog Subscribe to Reason's Podcast and Enjoy Your Commute Again! Nick Gillespie | 11.14.16 5:11 pm Watch Anthony L. Fisher on Red Eye Tonight, 3a ET on FNC Anthony L. Fisher | 11.14.16 4:45 pm Donald Trump’s Massive Learning Curve, Hate Crime Stats Released, Gwen Ifill Dies: P.M. Links Scott Shackford | 11.14.16 4:30 pm Obamacare's Unpopularity Helped Cost Clinton the Presidency: New at Reason Reason Staff | 11.14.16 4:00 pm READ MORE POSTS » Obamacare Affordable Care Act's Unpopularity Helped Trump Win 2016 Election Ira Stoll Will Trump Supporters Like What They Get? Steve Chapman The Four Things President-Elect Trump Could Do to Dismantle Obamacare Nick Gillespie & Jim Epstein Ferguson Ferguson Activist Darren Seals Found Shot and Dead in Burning Car in St. Louis Ed Krayewski Unaccountable Police Unions Endanger Minorities and Everyone Else Shikha Dalmia Watch Matt Welch Bash Workplace Drug Testing and Trump's Ferguson Affect on Red Eye Matt Welch Net Neutrality Hillary Clinton’s Tech Platform: Government Meddling for Some; Incentives and Deals for Others Scott Shackford Court Upholds the FCC’s Politically Driven Decision to Regulate the Internet Like a Utility Peter Suderman Does T-Mobile's Binge On Service Violate Net Neutrality? Probably, Which Is All You Need To Know About Net Neutrality. Nick Gillespie Iran Top Hillary Clinton Adviser Thinks U.S. Should Attack Iran To Benefit Saudi Interests In Yemen Anthony L. Fisher Matt Welch Talks Trump, Clinton, Iran, and Obama-Commutations on Tonight’s Kennedy Matt Welch The Secret Cyberwar is Here: Director Alex Gibney on 'Zero Days', Stuxnet, and the Future of Cyberweapons Meredith Bragg ISIS Conservatarian Novelist Brad Thor: ISIS Exemplifies Islam, Trump and Clinton are Terrible Nick Gillespie & Todd Krainin Libyans Would Have Preferred Hillary Clinton Kept Her 'Smart Power' Away From Their Country Anthony L. Fisher Tim Kaine Invokes bin Laden While Trying To Sell Hillary Clinton's Big ISIS Plan Anthony L. Fisher Reason-Rupe Poll Poll: Americans Like Free Markets More than Capitalism and Socialism More Than a Govt Managed Economy Emily Ekins 35 Percent of Americans Want Pension Reform to be “Top Priority” for Govt Emily Ekins 78 Percent of Americans Say Voters Should Get to Vote on Govt Employee Benefit Increases Emily Ekins Staff Reviews Stepping in for the State in Detroit J.D. Tuccille Rep. Charles Boustany, Accused of Patronizing Murdered Sex-Workers in Louisiana, Files Defamation Lawsuit Against Reporter Elizabeth Nolan Brown Disaster Progressivism Jesse Walker Donate: Donate Online Donate via Fax or Mail Why Support Reason? Donation FAQ Stock Donations Planned Giving Shop to Support Reason Links: Home About Reason Foundation Cover Gallery Reason TV Events Advertise Staff Contributors Widgets Subscribe: Subscribe to the Print Magazine Reason Mobile Apps Apple Newsstand E-Reader Subscriptions Give Reason as a Gift Back Issues Subscription Services Email Newsletters Contact: News Tips Site Technology Questions Media Inquiries Reprint Permissions Submissions Editorial & Production Offices 5737 Mesmer Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90230 (310) 391-2245 Washington Office 1747 Connecticut Ave., NW Washington, DC 20009 (202) 986-0916 Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Magazine Subscribe Donate Advanced Search Advertise Contact ©2016 Reason Foundation.|reason.org |privacy policy|terms of use|
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Police: Thompson thief crashes scooter in Walmart; found with stolen Ping-Pong paddle, BB-guns, drugs Friday Oct 21, 2016 at 6:30 AM Oct 21, 2016 at 4:10 PM John Penney jpenney@norwichbulletin.com, (860) 857-6965 jpenneynb A 31-year-old Thompson man who state police said was driving a motorized scooter “erratically” inside a Putnam store on Wednesday was found with several stolen items in his clothes, including a Ping-Pong paddle, according to an arrest report. At approximately 11 p.m., troopers were dispatched to the Putnam Walmart for a report of an active larceny. Store employees said a man later identified as Michael White was seen attempting to cut packaging and anti-theft devices from assorted items. Employees also said White was crashing a motorized scooter into various items within the store’s aisles. State police said they found White had stuffed several store items in his clothes, including four BB-gun pistols, an airsoft revolver, a paddle and assorted tape and batteries. He was also found to be in possession of 40 narcotic pills, police said. White was charged with sixth-degree larceny and illegal storage of a narcotic. He was held on a $1,500 bond pending his arraignment Nov. 2 in Danielson Superior Court.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat American Music Awards 2016 Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Christian Rapper Bizzle Talks Making 'Truth Music' for New Album 'Crowns & Crosses,' Premieres 'Oh Yeah' Video 10/21/2016 by Adelle Platon FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Gavin Palmer Bizzle Despite preaching God's word in is rhymes, Christian rapper Bizzle (real name Mark Felder) doesn't come off preachy. With his latest effort Crowns & Crosses, released via his own label, God Over Money Records, he puts his everyman struggles on wax (see: "Work It Out" and "Money Get Low") on top of hard-hitting, trap-friendly beats that couldn't be neatly pigeonholed as gospel rap.  Still, the album revisits Bizzle's past, from being a former pimp to his marital woes. In his early 20s, the California native skipped out on Bible study and funded his earlier rap career with his street hustle, before reconnecting with the Higher Power in church thanks to a woman he worked with. Now, he enjoys the fruits of his labor by being a devoted husband (he has been with his wife for 16 years), a dedicated father (he has two sons, four and five years old, respectively) and a committed philanthropist (he recently donated $45,000 to build water towers in Mozambique, Africa).  Below, Bizzle recalls his path to becoming a believer, why he stays away from secular songs, and why he describes his God-inspired rap "truth music." Read the full interview and catch his new video "Oh Yeah" below. How did you find God?   I always had some type of exposure [to religion] because of my grandma, when I used to get forced to go to church back in the day. She’s the realest believer I ever seen in my life. She’s the only influence I had. After I got older, I strayed as soon as I didn’t have to go to church by force. I was chasing a music dream. I had a deal offered to me for $15,000 when I was in Houston. I said I was going to go get $100,000, and [moved] to LA.   How old were you?   When I went [to L.A.] that first time, that was 2005, I was about 22, 23. I went out there, I grinded. I got a deal put on the table for $50,000 with Blackground/Universal. Still set on that $100,000, I felt like that was going to come. But in the meanwhile, my record label was called Lavish Entertainment. It was pretty much funded by prostitution drug money -- that’s what paid for my studio time. It paid for me opening for people. It paid for everything. Eventually it became easy for me to kind of dab into that kind of stuff. When everybody in your circle’s doing it. and they’re living better than you, and you’re the rapper but you’re the broke one out the whole group, it became easy to be like, yo, shoot me some pills, shoot me some weed to sell. And eventually I fell into the prostitution as well. Money came fast, more than I was used to ever making. Before that, I started going to Bible study. My cousin played for the church and I would go and sit in, but when that fast money came with poor financial circumstances, I was out of there. I was living out of my car and sleeping on people’s floors. Eventually, the girl I’m getting money with asked me if I could go take her to pick up her brother from practice. This time, I don’t know what kind of practice. We pull up to the church and her brother is drumming at rehearsal. Long story short, I come to find out this is her family’s church. Her father’s the pastor, and I’m back in the church now, but I’m not on the side I want to be. I’m in the church feeling like the devil now, because I left and I’m in opposition to God, almost, in the way that I’m there. God really just broke me down. He showed me the things about my life that I hid as a result of me making my own decisions. It’s not like I said, "God, I’m going to do it your way," and then I ended up in that predicament. It was me being God over my own life -- I do what I want to do. Now, I’m looking at these broken pieces and eventually, I had to offer these broken pieces to God and be like, "Lord, I know my life wasn’t in this many pieces the first time you told me to come, but if you still willing to work with me, I’m yours." Really, I just surrendered and gave it all to him, and now I’m here. I didn’t plan [that] I would be rapping for Him. I just said, "I’m going to go ahead and move back to Houston, marry my woman, and get a job at Walmart," which I did. [Laughs.] And God did this with it.   When did hip-hop become a passion for you? I’ve been writing since I was eight, literally writing rhymes with crayons. I used to sit in a room when my uncle was writing, and I used to write lines and freestyle with him. In middle school [I would go] -- when my mom would let me go, because it was on school nights -- to this hip-hop club called Project Blowed with my uncle. So I was introduced to it very early. Every time my mom would go in the store, I would take her Slick Rick tape and put it in and listen to "Children’s Story." She put me on 'Pac, so I was a huge Pac fan very early on.   After that experience where you felt like you were saved, when did you say that everything you rap about moving forward was going to be for this specific purpose?   It was a process. I would go to church and my heart was changed, but this project I spent the last three years on, I didn’t feel that way anymore. Other people were involved in it, so how can I just kill it? So I’m like, "OK, I’m going to start performing the records without cursing at the shows." Then it was like, "Well I’m going to save the records [for the females], and just start rapping about the females and stop talking about the killing and the drugs." Then it was like, Lord, do you even want me to rap? This was my dream before I cared what you wanted. I sat [my rap career] down for a while, just because I know how much I loved it, so I felt like I had to at least show I was willing to sacrifice it. I sat it down maybe about a year before picking up. At that time, I was growing as a believer, so it wasn’t me trying to do Christian rap -- it was, I’m a Christian, so when I pick up the pen, what’s inside of me comes out.   As a Christian rapper, do you ever feel conflicted about being part of a genre, especially now, that glorifies drug dealing and other topics that may not necessarily be reflective of God?   I don’t feel conflicted. I feel like almost like it’s a war out here for the minds of the youth, and I’m on the opposite side of that. I used to be on that side. I think we can justify anything if we are getting a paycheck. You just call it your job and keep moving on, but your job can affect other people. I don’t feel conflicted -- I just feel like I got a job to do. You turn on the radio and you don’t get to pick between the music that’s not glorifying that stuff. So now I just want to be able to present an alternative, and then let you pick after hearing both sides. Why name your new project Crowns & Crosses?   Crowns & Crosses deals with the triumphs as well as the struggles as far as being a believer. You have different seasons and my music reflects those seasons. There’s a song called "Work It Out," where there was a storm in my marriage. Then there’s another record right after that, where it's still dealing with my marriage, but more from a triumph aspect. Really I wanted to paint both sides. I want to tell you guys how wonderful it is to love Jesus and serve God, but I also don’t want to make it look too sweet. I also want you to see. I have a record called "From the Outside," and I’m critiquing myself as a father, husband and minister, painting this picture that most people don’t get to see about this walk and this struggle. So I try to do both on this album.   What are your thoughts on rappers like Kanye West, who say that they make gospel music? Do you feel like that’s an accurate description?   No, I wouldn’t call it gospel rap, even though I don’t call [what I do] gospel rap. But I haven’t listened enough to anything that he's done recently to say what it is. But I know that it’s not.   Who do you listen to these days?   Honestly, because I’m a CEO, most of what I listen to is something that’s coming out of my camp because I’m always listening to mixes.  Do you consciously stay away from secular music? Yeah, I try to stay away from anything that can have any kind of negative input, and of course it's very hard... I'm a strong believer in that, and I don't want to be a hypocrite where I have this whole different genre of music I listen to and then a whole other one I can play with my kids.  Was there a song on the album that was particularly hard to make? There's two songs on the project that I cried when I wrote. "Work it Out," which is the song I said I wrote when I said [my wife and I] were going through a storm in our marriage. I want to promote marriage. In hip-hop, we promote promiscuity, we promote not committing to anything. We objectify women. So I wanted to promote marriage, and committing to your woman. I always have these happy songs, but then when someone listens to the songs and their marriage does not reflect that, they might begin to question if they're in the right situation. So I want to put our trouble out there, too, but it was very hard for me to write. And "From the Outside." I became a father while being a rapper. I talk about how I was out of town when my son took his first steps, and my wife had to record it and send it to me. I got to catch some of the basketball games via Skype. Am I balancing my time right with my children? Will they look back and only see me saying "Not right now, son"? I cried writing that record as well.  How would you describe your music to those who may not be as religious? I have my own genre I call "truth music." It's really taking biblical concepts, biblical principles, and applying them in a new language in a way people can take and apply to their new lives. Or just someone being able to see it walked out, see how it looks in today's circumstance, or in a real-life situation in 2016.  I definitely try to make my side where I stand clear, but instead of letting you know, "Of course, I love Jesus, I worship Jesus," I say, "How do I live though? How do I live this thing out? How do I love my wife? How do I love my children as a father? How do I apply that name?" Even if it's using my life, flaws and all, to help show how to go through struggle, I try to do that. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life Entertainment Business Opinion Obituaries Beaches Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Life Entertainment Business Opinion Obituaries Beaches Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 71 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Former Crossroads counselor's rape case ends in mistrial The case of a Crossroads drug and alcohol counselor accused of raping a 16-year-old patient ends in mistrial. Post to Facebook Former Crossroads counselor's rape case ends in mistrial The case of a Crossroads drug and alcohol counselor accused of raping a 16-year-old patient ends in mistrial.  Check out this story on delawareonline.com: http://delonline.us/2eBAnRG {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 13 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Former Crossroads counselor's rape case ends in mistrial Jessica Masulli Reyes , The News Journal 4:51 p.m. EDT October 21, 2016 The case of a Crossroads drug and alcohol counselor accused of raping a 16-year-old patient ends in mistrial. Rebecca Adams (Photo: Dover Police) The case of 31-year-old Crossroads drug and alcohol counselor Rebecca Winters, who is accused of raping a 16-year-old patient, has ended in a mistrial. Kent County Superior Court Judge Jeffrey Clark on Thursday granted the mistrial on the third day after the defense raised several objections to testimony by Dover Police Detective Anthony Toto. The final objection arose when Toto started testifying on the stand about Winters requesting an attorney, instead of speaking to the detective, her attorney John Malik said. "The judge thought it would be unfair to proceed with the trial," Malik said. A state Department of Justice spokesman said Friday that prosecutors are still reviewing how to proceed. The judge did not immediately set a new trial date. Dover police arrested Winters and accused her of having a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old for nearly three months in summer 2015. The encounters occurred in several locations, including a van in the Cheswold Wal-Mart parking lot and in Winters' office at Crossroads' Milford counseling center, court records alleged. DELAWAREONLINE Addiction clinic sued over patient's rape allegations DELAWAREONLINE Addiction clinic Crossroads has past problems with state She was charged with 12 counts of fourth-degree rape and sexual abuse of a child by a person of trust, two counts of providing alcohol to a minor, and continuous sexual abuse of a child. Soon after her arrest, a separate civil lawsuit in Superior Court was filed against Crossroads claiming Winters' mother, Alberta Crowley, who was executive director of the now-closed organization, should have known that her daughter was sexually abusing a patient. Crowley said she called the child abuse hotline when she learned of the relationship in August. That case is scheduled to be heard in court on Nov. 7. The state also halted adolescent referrals for substance abuse treatment to the clinic in response to the charges. Former state Rep. Mike Barbieri was the head of Crossroads until August 2015 when he resigned from that position as well as his post in the General Assembly to become the director of the state Division of Substance Abuse and Mental Health for the Department of Health and Social Services. Crossroads, a for-profit substance abuse treatment center for adults and juveniles, shut down in July. Contact Jessica Masulli Reyes at (302) 324-2777, jmreyes@delawareonline.com or Twitter @jessicamasulli. Don't miss a thing Download our apps and get alerts for local news, weather, traffic and more. Search "The News Journal" in your app store or use these links from your device: iPhone app | Android app for phone and tablet | iPad app Don't forget to "like" us on Facebook! 71 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/2eBAnRG TOP VIDEOS Athlete of the Week: Tymere Wilson 1:00 $17,000 birdhouse in Greenville draws attention, eyes 0:43 Woman killed in Prices Corner crash 0:31 Wilmington fire leave nine people homeless 0:27 VP Joe Biden attends Delaware Veterans Day ceremony 1:39 Ceremony marks end of veteran homelessness in Delaware 1:12 25-year-old killed in Milton crash 0:35 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Daija Lampkin signs with Alabama 1:01 Meyer announces committees to help transition 1:45 More Stories Police: Crash that injured six caused by man fleeing hit-and-run Nov. 14, 2016, 7:25 p.m. Fate of presidential yacht decided in Delaware court Nov. 14, 2016, 6:40 p.m. Delaware fall foliage: reader photos Nov. 14, 2016, 5:36 p.m. Homeland Security turns to Delaware inventors for help Nov. 14, 2016, 5:27 p.m.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama takes thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary for losing presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' - in first post-election news conference Ross Harris is found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Previous Next Huge chemical cloud envelops Kansas city and leaves at least 52 people hospitalized after sulfuric acid spill at bourbon distillery Spill occurred just after 8am at an MGP Ingredients Inc facility in Atchison, northeastern Kansas The plant and nearby schools were evacuated and locals were told to stay indoors People were advised not to enter the city, which was covered in a plume of smoke Officials said two chemicals were inadvertently mixed together during a delivery spill Chemicals were identified as sulfuric acid and sodium hypochlorite At least 52 people were taken to hospital, with some since released Officials later said the cloud had dissipated and the danger had passed MGP Ingredients makes bourbon and rye whiskeys, gins and vodkas By Associated Press Reporter Published: 14:15 EST, 21 October 2016 | Updated: 16:20 EST, 21 October 2016 e-mail 54 shares 24 View comments A chemical spill at a northeast Kansas distilling plant released a noxious cloud of fumes on Friday, forcing temporary evacuations and sending more than 50 people to the hospital, officials said. The spill occurred at the MGP Ingredients plant in Atchison, according to Katie Horner, spokeswoman for the Kansas Department of Emergency Management. She said the spill occurred as two chemicals, sulfuric acid and sodium hypochlorite, were mistakenly combined during a morning delivery at the plant, which produces premium distilled spirits and employs about 300 people. About 34 were taken to hospitals, City Manager Trey Cocking said at a news conference, after the cloud had dissipated. The number later jumped to 52, according to reports. Becky Berger, assistant city manager, said five of those were city employees who were treated for respiratory difficulties and later released. Spill: Dozens of people were treated for respiratory problems after a chemical spill at an MGP Ingredients Inc facility on Friday generated a chemical cloud over the northeastern Kansas city of Atchison Plume: A chemical spill occurred during a delivery at the MGP Ingredients plant in Atchison just after 8am Friday after two chemicals were inadvertently mixed, with the reaction covering the city in smoke Authorities evacuated children from local schools, urged residents to remain in their homes and advised people not to enter the city of about 11,000 people located about 50 miles northwest of Kansas City The two chemicals involved in the spill were identified by a city official as sulfuric acid and sodium hypochlorite. Officials later announced, once the smoke had cleared, that there was no danger  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Watch video Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Watch video Dave Chappelle makes triumphant return to Saturday Night Live Watch video Light fills night sky during earthquake in New Zealand Watch video Cattle stranded after earthquake destroys ground around them Watch video The moment golf bags and clubs topple in New Zealand earthquake Watch video Kate McKinnon chokes up as she performs Cohen's Hallelujah Watch video Brave girl is slapped and punched around the face by teenage gang Watch video Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Watch video New Zealand sky lights up as devastating earthquake hits country Watch video Pres. Obama: Reflection 'healthy' for Democratic party Watch video Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Homes and schools near the plant had been evacuated  following the spill around 8am, but city officials gave the all clear for residents to return before noon. Atchison has about 11,000 residents and is about 50 miles northwest of Kansas City. 'The threat is really over, and it's safe to be outside,' Berger said. She advised residents to air out homes that smell like a swimming pool. The regional office of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said it was supporting state and local emergency crews and had sent a coordinator to the site to assess the situation. MGP Ingredients didn't immediately return calls seeking comment. The plant makes bourbon and rye whiskeys, gins and vodkas First responders are seen at the scene of a chemical spill at a facility in Atchison, Kansas, on October 21, 2016 As the plume spread, emergency officials told residents to seek shelter and stay inside. Authorities closed some roads and evacuated schools This map by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shows the extent of the cloud that was caused by the spill and how it enveloped the city of Atchison  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next BREAKING NEWS: Dozens treated and two in hospital after... 'This is the source of all the bubble gum on the planet!'... Mystery drug that put 16 people in hospital at the weekend... Share this article Share Chris Gitro, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service, said wind conditions helped the plume break up. 'The one thing we had on our side was that the winds were enough to make it disperse,' he said. Pinpointing the cloud's direction proved to be a guessing game while it was still in Atchison. As one school building's students sought shelter in the gymnasium, students in the other three buildings were shuttled in buses first toward a Wal-Mart before being redirected to the local airport, schools Superintendent Susan Myers said. The buses were eventually directed again to Wal-Mart, she said. 'They were trying to figure out the wind, where this cloud was going. It was a very fluid situation,' she said. 'I would say it was very anxiety-provoking to have this kind of situation. I'm sure this was an adventuresome day for everyone.' It is unclear whether the distillery would reopen on Friday.   'The danger has passed': Trey Cocking, the city manager of Atchison, Kan., addresses the media after a chemical incident occurred at the MPG Ingredients plant on Friday The Kansas Department of Emergency Management said multiple people who suffered respiratory problems because of the noxious cloud that formed were taken to hospitals. Their conditions have not been released Share or comment on this article e-mail 54 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Twitter Facebook Banners 728 Top Expose Framework for Joomla 2.5 and 3.0+ - A rapid template development framework KXO Radio Home KXO News Local News Latest News Health News Sports News Let's Talk About It Contact Us KXO Radio Advertise with KXO Web Administrator Election Returns KXO Radio Home KXO News - Local News - Latest News - Health News - Sports News Let's Talk About It Contact Us - KXO Radio - Advertise with KXO - Web Administrator Election Returns Googletext Breadcrumbs You are here: Home / KXO News / Local News / Early voting Saturday in Calexico BannersTop Early voting Saturday in Calexico Print Written by George Gale Category: Local News Created: Friday, 21 October 2016 (Early Voting in Calexico)….It will be available Saturday. The County Registrar of Voters is using the Department of Social Services Mobile Office to allow for early voting around the County. The Mobile Office is a 36 foot RV. Saturday it will be in the Calexico Wal Mart parking lot from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm. Voters can cast early ballots for the November 8th Presidential Election. Those who need to register to vote and want to participate in the November elections, can register at the mobile office. The deadline for voter registration is Monday, to participate in the next election. On October 26th, the Mobile Office will be at the Community center in Heber, in the Morning, and at the Seeley Fire Department in the afternoon. Prev Next Local Menu Calendar Freedom Fest KXO AM1230 KXO FM107.5 KXO FM107.5 Playlist Podcasts on Demand ICBHS Board Election Returns Button Banners google sky Legal Menu Privacy Policy EEO Non-discrimination Policy KXO Newsletter Latest KXO Newsletters KXO Radio E-Newsletter November 1, 2016 KXO Radio E-Newsletter October 16, 2016 KXO Radio E-Newsletter September 16, 2016 KXO Radio E-Newsletter September 1, 2016 KXO Radio E-Newsletter August 16, 2016 High School Football - Live Central at Coronado (CIF Playoff) 11/10 Listen again High School Football Scoreboard 11/10 & 11/11 CIF Playoffs Central at Brawley (Bell Game) 11/4 Listen again Holtville vs Calipatria (Axe Game) 11/3 Listen Again High School Football Scoreboard 11/3 & 11/4   Election Results November 8th, 2016 Final Summation - Gene Brister President & Vice President Senate , Congress & Assembly Imperial County and IID City and Healthcare District School Boards and Trustees Measures California Propositions Hot off the Radio Podcasts Imperial Irrigation District - District Four candidates forum Imperial County Supervisors District Two candidates forum City of El Centro Town Hall Meeting Latest News IID Board holding special meeting Calexico resident arrested in El Centro Police recover a lot of stolen property 21 year old dies during family visit Morning collision Candidate Forums Candidate Forums 2016 Podcasts smart search Search Go 336ros banners Contest Winners Coldstone Creamery Birthday Cake Brittany Wong - AM1230 Jazmin Cota - FM107.5 googlebox Latest Podcasts Let's Talk About It - Incredible Years Pre-School 10-27 Expresate - Los Años Increíbles 10-26 Let's Talk About It - First Step to Success Early Intervention for at Risk Children 10-20 Expresate - Servicios Infantiles- Innovación: Primer Paso Hacia el Éxito 10-19 Let's Talk About It - Helping Aggressive Children Manage Their Behavior 10-13 Expresate - Entrenamiento para Reemplazar la Agresión 10-12 Let's Talk About It - Vista Sands: Children’s Socialization Program 10-6 Expresate - Programa de Socialización (Vista Sands) para Niños 10-5 Login Form Username Password Remember Me Log in Local News Calexico man may have OD'd MidAmerican buysout TransAlta Whooping Cough epidemic Murrieta woman tries to smuggle heroin into prison Small earthquake south of the border Latest News Five Reasons To Consider A Career In Franchising After Graduating College Three Summer Almond Milk Smoothie Recipes Keeping Consumers Safer Online Eight Ways You Can Prevent A Summer Tragedy Protecting Your Most Valuable Financial Asset Health News Multiple Pathways Progressing to Alzheimer’s Disease Guide To Warm Weather Comfort And Safety Nine Tips To Help Baby Safely Sleep And Co-sleep Exercise As You Age: Enjoy The Benefits Of Fitness Support Network Helps Sports News High School Football Podcast Archives Warrior-Athletes Competition Inspires International Imitation Helping Athletes Perform Up To Their Potential Off-season Tips For Your Young Athlete Little League Baseball: Developing Major- League People For 75 Years KXO Radio AM1230 & FM107.5 - El Centro, California - (760) 352-1230 BACK_TO_TOP
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Business Sports Packers Opinion Go 920! Life Outdoors Archives Insider USA Today Media firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Search social Follow Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 353 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Manitowoc light show benefits Shop with a Cop Lt. Jeremy Kronforst's front-yard Halloween display is synchronized to music on 89.1 FM. Post to Facebook Manitowoc light show benefits Shop with a Cop Lt. Jeremy Kronforst's front-yard Halloween display is synchronized to music on 89.1 FM.  Check out this story on htrnews.com: http://htrne.ws/2eZFHD1 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manitowoc light show benefits Shop with a Cop Alyssa Bloechl , USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 1:18 p.m. CDT October 21, 2016 Buy Photo This Halloween display of lights and music is set up on Daisy Drive in Manitowoc at the household of Lt. Jeremy Kronforst. He and his family run a Halloween and Christmas light show to help raise money for the Shop with a Cop program. (Photo: Alyssa Bloechl/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)Buy Photo 353 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE MANITOWOC - When the sun sets, jump in the car, tune in the radio and drive over to Daisy Drive in Manitowoc, where a light show awaits. For both entertainment and charitable reasons, Lt. Jeremy Kronforst has set up his front yard with Halloween decorations and lights that flash in synchrony to music on 89.1 FM. The display is something special, as anyone can stop to see the lights — and it is raising money for the Manitowoc Police Department’s Shop with a Cop program. The program assists local kids in Christmas shopping for their families. Kronforst has been lighting up his yard for both Halloween and Christmas for about five years. When he started, it was just a few strings of lights. Now, the decorations include four giant flashing monsters on his garage, a Cinderella-worthy pumpkin and a number of other eye-catching light elements. RELATED: Manitowoc police work to get back on Twitter RELATED: Educational marijuana forum set in Manitowoc The set-up is all programmable by computer, which allows Kronforst to input different songs and then choreograph how his front yard will light up in tune to the beat. He started fundraising with the light display last year, and helped raise more than $400 for Shop with a Cop, allowing three extra children to participate in the shopping spree. Kronforst is taking over Shop with a Cop organizational duties this year. Buy Photo There are four monster heads on Kronforst's garage that sing to the music played on radio station 89.1 FM. Lights in their front yard flicker to the beat of the tunes, which were programmed by Kronforst.  (Photo: Alyssa Bloechl/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin) Last year, about 13 children were invited to join the program, and each was allowed about $120 to spend on gifts at Walmart. This year, the kids will get to stop by the Kronforst house to see the holiday lights before they go back to the police department for gift wrapping, food and a visit from Santa. The current Halloween set-up took him nearly three days to complete, between working full-time and spending time with his wife, Amy, and daughter, Morgan. Halloween is special for Jeremy and Amy, as it is their wedding anniversary — this year is their 18th. As a result of their love of the holiday, they typically put off celebrating their marriage, and stay home to hand out candy to children. With the addition of the light show, they have made the holiday a lot more fun. “We both love Halloween, because it leads into the Thanksgiving and Christmas season,” Kronforst said. He’s looking forward to setting up the Christmas display, as it is another of his favorite holidays, and there are a lot more lights. During Christmas, the radio station is 89.7 FM at the Kronforsts', as the Manitowoc Lincoln Zoo uses 89.1 for their light show. Kronforst has been collecting strings of lights and decor for a number of years, and was able to purchase a number of larger items from the Jaeger family on Jackson Street, who used to prepare light shows in their yard. “We do the best we can with our small property,” Kronforst said. “It’s fun to see people come out, and it’s for a good cause.” Lt. Jeremy Kronforst  (Photo: Courtesy Manitowoc Police Department) His sister, Sara Hoffman, a Manitowoc resident, also puts on displays with moving pieces in her yard in the 1100 Block of 21st Street. As children, they always enjoyed going to see Christmas Tree Lane in the city, where all of the houses on a three-block spread would go all-out with holiday decor. Kronforst said his favorite movie is “National Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation” and he hopes to live up to Clark Griswold’s epic holiday light display someday. “It’s going to take a lot of electrical work and LED lights to light up our house like that,” Kronforst said. Donations for Shop with a Cop can be dropped off at Kronforst’s home in a box near the sidewalk. Checks can be made to the Manitowoc Professional Police Association, c/o Shop with a Cop. For more details, contact Kronforst at the Police Department at 920-686-6551, or visit them on Facebook at Frosty’s Festival of Lights. This story is a part of the Making Manitowoc series of stories that highlights interesting people, places and more in the county that make it one-of-a-kind. If you know of an interesting person, place or thing made in Manitowoc that you think could be featured, contact Alyssa Bloechl at 920-686-2152, email abloechl@htrnews.com or Twitter @alyssabloechl. 353 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://htrne.ws/2eZFHD1 TOP VIDEOS In Motion: Good Mornings 2:33 6 weird things that can mess with your memory 0:43 Regular drinking preserves “good cholesterol” levels 1:01 Sharing a bed with your partner could be bad for your health 1:09 These Foods Could Keep You Sniffle-Free During Cold and Flu Season 1:01 8 ways your pet makes your life better 1:08 Gadget Makers Target Health At CES Unveiled 1:41 Trump: Borders, health care, jobs top priorities 1:48 What your favorite Thanksgiving dish might predict about your health 1:01 Trump Pledges to protect Christianity 1:38 Lil Wayne’s jail memoir details emotional highs and lows 2:01 4 cities vote to tax sugary drinks, soda 0:29 Parents grapple with explaining Trump presidency to kids 1:41 This winter's arctic chill could get you sick 1:06 5 tips for a great Thanksgiving meal 1:04 Prince Harry condemns racist comments about new girlfriend 0:35 Clinton Critiques GOP Language on Muslims 1:58 Billy Graham turns 98 0:26 There's a hidden danger lurking in your refrigerator 1:02 Surprise Thanksgiving guests with turkey ice cream 1:08 5 steps to healing after the election 1:21 Clergy protest against N.D. pipeline 1:57 A history of November facial hair 0:55 Harry Potter yoga brings magic to the mat 1:10 Parents accused of injection children with heroin 0:40 Here's why we have nightmares 1:05 Who needs beef when you can eat bugs? 0:46 In Motion: Open chain exercise for shoulder blade and rotator cuff 3:59 Hilary Duff apologizes for 'ignorant' costume 0:44 Best celebrity Halloween costumes of 2016 1:08
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Money 20/20 How tech will transform the way we buy, borrow and sell Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Friday, 21 Oct 2016 | 1:28 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Source: Money 20/20 Tech's makeover of money is well underway, and how we get loans, buy houses, or lend money is going to be dramatically different in the near future. This imminent future is what both financial services and tech companies will discuss at the fifth annual Money 20/20 conference in Las Vegas next week. The reinvention of such a complex and highly regulated industry for the modern mobile and digital era requires cooperation between incumbents and upstarts alike. More than 10,000 attendees, including Wall Street bank executives and CEOs of Silicon Valley start-ups, are expected to attend. The conference will feature keynote speakers from established companies like Bank of America, Visa, First Data, Facebook, Alphabet's Google, PayPal, Square and Wal-Mart, as well as start-ups like Stripe, Pinterest and Poynt. Attendees will also hear from regulators and trade associations, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Chamber of Digital Commerce. The event has unveiled cutting-edge tech before. Last year alone, JPMorgan Chase announced mobile payments service Chase Pay, Nasdaq launched a private blockchain-powered trading platform called Linq, Citibank unveiled a cardless eye-scanning ATM, Amazon announced customers could "Pay with Amazon" in partner mobile apps and Samsung added new U.S. banking partners to Samsung Pay. Big topics will include payments and account security, reaching people who are currently "unbanked" and the transformative potential of blockchain technology. Blockchain Major financial services firms — from American Express to Goldman Sachs — are playing an increasingly important role in financing blockchain and bitcoin start-ups, CB Insights found. Blockchain is the technology that underlies bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. It's a public ledger of all transactions through a distributed database which maintains a continuously growing list of records or "blocks." Each block contains a time stamp and link to a previous block, securing the system from tampering and revision. "The area is going to make a very big impact [on financial services]," said David Blumberg, founder and managing partner of Blumberg Capital. Blockchain technology will significantly reduce the cost of buying a home, getting a mortgage or transferring currency, said Blumberg. Reaching the unbanked Many fintech firms are trying to give banking and credit services to individuals with no credit history, and to businesses considered too risky to get loans from bigger banks. The need is real. Seven percent of U.S. households did not have a bank account in 2015, according to a Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. study released Thursday. Start-up Bee provides bank accounts, debit cards and financial services all through a mobile app for people who may have never had a bank account. Its strategy is to set up on street corners and register people on the spot. "A lot of fintech is now focused on helping individuals level the playing field so they can take advantage of services wealthy people or businesses have had for decades," said Blumberg, who is invested in Bee. Security Data breaches in the financial services industry have cost banks billion of dollars. The Target data breach — where as many as 40 million credit and debit cards were stolen — cost banks more than $200 million, according to the Consumer Bankers Association and the Credit Union National Association. Start-ups play a big role in helping financial institutions protect their assets, said Blumberg. Deep Instinct, a start-up whose customers include central banks and law enforcement agencies, uses a form of artificial intelligence called deep learning to identify and react to new threats as they appear. New technology is also making it easier to verify that someone logging into an account is who they say they are at the outset — and throughout the transaction. This is designed to address so-called man-in-the-middle attacks in which criminals grab a user's credentials once they are already logged into an account. BioCatch, a Money 20/20 sponsor, helps banks continuously verify a person's identity, using more than 500 different factors that add up to a unique user profile. They include personally identifiable characteristics such as the way you move your mouse, or hold your phone. Pass your device to another person midtransaction, and you may be prompted to recheck your identity, since the bank will recognize a difference in the way the phone is held. Some of the likely highlights of the conference will be an on-stage interview by CNBC's Kayla Tausche of Square and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and a keynote address from Kor Adana, writer and tech producer of USA Network's program "Mr Robot." Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY More Home News Sports Opinion Business Go! Voices NY Data Obituaries Video-Photo Travel Archives Insider USA TODAY Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest State faulted for theft from developmentally disabled A new report from the state inspector general found mismanagement of funds. Post to Facebook State faulted for theft from developmentally disabled A new report from the state inspector general found mismanagement of funds.  Check out this story on pressconnects.com: http://press.sn/2eZwla2 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. State faulted for theft from developmentally disabled Lindsey Riback, Albany Bureau 3:08 p.m. EDT October 21, 2016 Money. (Photo: Adam Gault, Getty Images) 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE ALBANY — Cash belonging to developmentally disabled individuals under state care have been the frequent target of theft and mismanagement by the workers who oversee them, according to a report from a state investigator. The report Thursday form Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott highlighted 10 cases from across New York in which employees took advantage of the cash accounts of the residents living in state-run group homes and facilities. Among them were a developmental assistant in a Corning facility who stole $130 in Walmart gift cards that had been intended as gifts for residents' families, while a Buffalo-area worker stole $250 from residents' accounts to take her family to a "How to Train Your Dragon" live show. The report faulted the state Office for People with Developmental Disabilities for failing to "safeguard residents’ personal allowance accounts." “With disturbing regularity, we have seen the shameless preying on a vulnerable population by those charged with their care,” Leahy Scott said in a statement. Developmentally disabled individuals in state care are entitled to an allowance each month and given the ability to spend it based on their preferences and needs. But the report found employees repeatedly took advantage of the system. Scott said employees need to be better trained in managing the cash accounts of residents, and the policies regarding the review of cash at each residence need to be improved. In response to the report, the state agency agreed to a series of policy changes meant to bolster its oversight of the cash accounts, while also agreeing to research whether a debit card system for its residents is feasible. Among the changes, the Office for People with Developmentally Disabled agreed to provide added training for supervisors and management overseeing personal accounts, create a policy for purchasing gift cards on behalf of residents and boost its receipt requirements. 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/2eZwla2 TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 More Stories HELP FOR HOMELESS: Church reaches out Nov. 14, 2016, 6:04 p.m. Multiple lanes to be closed for Prospect Mountain work Nov. 14, 2016, 5:46 p.m. Martha Pollack named 14th Cornell president Nov. 14, 2016, 5:40 p.m. More fake news on the Web — this time, via Google Nov. 14, 2016, 7:56 p.m.

Sign up for the Freebie Friday newsletter and start saving some green Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free fun outdoors for sweater weather, free movies from Vudu, $20 off at Macy's It's Freebie Friday! Getty Images/Thinkstock Getty Images/Thinkstock Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Free fun things to do outdoors, $20 off at Macy's, dining deals for National Pasta Month. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! Today's fabulous freebie free-for-all includes a list of free and discounted fun things to do outdoors as South Florida finally gets a blast of cooler air. It's going to be a beautiful weekend! Other offers include freebies and dining deals for National Pasta Month and up to $20 off at Macy's through Saturday. Have a great weekend, bundle up, and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus and sign up for my Freebie Friday newsletter. FREEBIES Free fun things to do outdoors during South Florida sweater weather Free movies, TV shows on Wal-Mart's new Vudu on Us streaming service Freebies and dining deals for National Pasta Month Free entree at Chipotle with purchase Free entry for kids at Jungle Island; expires Oct. 31 Free coffee on Fridays in October at Cumberland Farms Free $12 Fandango movie ticket from M&Ms; expires Dec. 13 Fun freebies, discounts and festivals to enjoy outdoors this weekend Doreen Christensen Woo hoo! Get out your sweater because cooler weather will march into South Florida on Friday. The forecast calls for a stunning weekend, with daytime temperatures in the 80s, so it will be a great time to get outside and enjoy free and discounted activities this weekend. Bedner's Farm and Market:... Woo hoo! Get out your sweater because cooler weather will march into South Florida on Friday. The forecast calls for a stunning weekend, with daytime temperatures in the 80s, so it will be a great time to get outside and enjoy free and discounted activities this weekend. Bedner's Farm and Market:... (Doreen Christensen) Free gas: $10 off fuel cards at Publix; expires Sunday Free popcorn at Cinemark Theaters on Friday for Connection members Free, discounted tickets to Dolphins, Panthers, concerts from GoldStar.com Free yoga, spa deals for Palm Beach Spa & Wellness Month Free Kindle books from Amazon's Prime Reading Freebies at Nordstrom Rack grand opening in Fort Lauderdale Friday Free $10 credit for joining Nordstrom Rewards program Free breakfast sandwich at McDonald's if Miami Hurricanes win Free spaghetti & meatballs from Carrabba's Italian Grill; expires Tuesday Free $15 bag of Halloween candy, free shipping from Party City Free three-piece Aveda Invati Hair Care System Free 1,200 photo prints per year from Snapfish Free entry, discounts at 18 attractions for Miami Museum Month Free $30 escape room game for your birthday Free Mrs. Field's cookie and $1 off coupon Free $24.95 cape scarf with purchase at DSW Free $15 Uber ride from Wendy's Hot freebies, all-you-can-eat dining deals for National Pasta Month Doreen Christensen Stuff-a you face-a with freebies and deals on noodles for National Pasta Month. As Lydia Bastianich likes to say, "Tutti a tavola a mangiare!" Buca di Beppo: $5 off mall or $10 off large pasta entrees; expires Oct. 31. Carrabba's Italian Grill: Free spaghetti and meatballs entree to take home... Stuff-a you face-a with freebies and deals on noodles for National Pasta Month. As Lydia Bastianich likes to say, "Tutti a tavola a mangiare!" Buca di Beppo: $5 off mall or $10 off large pasta entrees; expires Oct. 31. Carrabba's Italian Grill: Free spaghetti and meatballs entree to take home... (Doreen Christensen) Free medium Slurpee at 7-Eleven Free $5 Starbucks gift cards with coffee, tea purchase; expires Jan. 9 Free personal shopping and grocery pickup service at Walmart Free entree at Smashburger; expires Nov. 15 Free burrito at Moe's Southwestern Grill Free drinks at RaceTrac Free 6-inch sub at Subway Free $10 gift card at Publix with purchase; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of L'Oreal Advanced Hair Care Free ice cream from Baskin-Robbins Free fall Walmart Beauty and Baby Boxes Free tokens with Chuck E. Cheese e-Club Free dozen doughnuts at Krispy Kreme on Tuesdays Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires Dec. 31 Free audio books for Pizza Hut Book It club members Free Sam's Club Baby Box and $20 off membership Free extra 1 GB of data from T-Mobile Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free Blizzard at Dairy Queen Free membership on Angie's List Free movie tickets for AT&T customers on Tuesdays Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com Free Target gift card deals; expires Saturday Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free streaming devices from Sling TV Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Free hamburgers, movie ticket discounts at Johnny Rockets Freebies, gift card giveaways at Fort Lauderdale Nordstrom Rack grand opening on Friday Doreen Christensen The long-awaited moment has arrived: Nordstrom Rack in Fort Lauderdale is having its grand opening on Friday, Oct. 21. The outlet store, at 1540 N. Federal Highway, carries designer goods from big names like Kate Spade, Diane von Furstenberg and Hugo Boss, among other luminaries of fashion. Prices... The long-awaited moment has arrived: Nordstrom Rack in Fort Lauderdale is having its grand opening on Friday, Oct. 21. The outlet store, at 1540 N. Federal Highway, carries designer goods from big names like Kate Spade, Diane von Furstenberg and Hugo Boss, among other luminaries of fashion. Prices... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS $10 or $20 off at Macy's fall sale; expires Saturday $10 off fuel cards at Publix; expires Sunday Up to 20 percent off at Party City; expires Sunday $60 off new voice-activated Apple TV $5 off or 50 percent off one item at Michaels; expires Saturday $50 in savings for military with special Costco membership offer 15 percent or 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Sunday 15 percent or 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday $10 off home sale items at Kohl's; expires Sunday 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond $10 off first Groupon.com with code WELCOME $5 off signature oil change at Jiffy Lube Costco Wholesale coupons for October Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Digital coupons with Whole Foods Market app $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot Coupons: $10 or $20 off at Macy's Doreen Christensen It's time to freshen up your wardrobe! Save up to $20 at Macy's fall sale with two coupons. Pick your savings: $10 on a $25 purchase or $20 on a $50 purchase good on sale, clearance and select home goods good until 2 p.m. Friday and Saturday. There are some exclusions in the fine print. Connect... It's time to freshen up your wardrobe! Save up to $20 at Macy's fall sale with two coupons. Pick your savings: $10 on a $25 purchase or $20 on a $50 purchase good on sale, clearance and select home goods good until 2 p.m. Friday and Saturday. There are some exclusions in the fine print. Connect... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL AND CONSUMER NEWS Macy's opening earlier on Thanksgiving Day this year Thanksgiving Day shopping: One door opens, another closes Amazon launches Prime Music Unlimited Sawgrass Mills opening at 10 a.m. on  Thanksgiving Day Samsung Galaxy Note7 exchange program with $75 in bill credit Cheap storm shutters at Habitat for Humanity ReStores Save on fall cosmetics with these drug store swaps, beauty hacks Shipt now delivers alcohol in South Florida Ting, Consumer Cellular offer big savings, great service on wireless How to switch carriers and keep your old cell phone Cell carriers eliminate overage frees, go unlimited with new data plans Doreen Christensen: Top 10 travel tips for fall trips AT&T increases internet data to 1 TB for U-verse customers Save big bucks at Aldi discount grocer Why's everyone gaga for Wawa? Target makes changes to coupon policy Get more cash back with new Costco Anywhere Visa credit card Doreen Christensen: Goodbye Comcast, we're done How to cut the cable or satellite cord and tune in free HDTV Christensen: Remembering Burdines, Jordan Marsh and Luria's How to save nearly $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge Expert rates Trader Joe's Two Buck Chuck, other cheap wines Macy's opening earlier on Thanksgiving Day Doreen Christensen Macy's will open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day, one hour earlier than last year. The struggling department store chain will stay open until 2 a.m. and close and reopen at 6 a.m. on Black Friday, Nov. 25, Macy's confirmed. "Again this year, we surveyed our store associates well in advance, giving... Macy's will open at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day, one hour earlier than last year. The struggling department store chain will stay open until 2 a.m. and close and reopen at 6 a.m. on Black Friday, Nov. 25, Macy's confirmed. "Again this year, we surveyed our store associates well in advance, giving... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS 7-Eleven: Free medium Slurpee with text offer; expires Dec. 31 Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse: $10 off; expires Nov. 7 Buca di Beppo: $5 or $10 off pasta entrees; expires Oct. 30 Carrabbas Italian Grill: Free spaghetti and meatballs; expires Tuesday Chipotle: Free entree with purchase; expires Nov. 30 Dunkin' Donuts: Free medium beverage with DD Perks rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Einstein Bros. Bagels: $1 off any item; expires Sunday HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich with email signup IHOP: Free meals (3) with reward club signup IHOP: Free Scary Face Pancakes on Oct. 31 Johnny Rockets: Two free hamburgers with email signup Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Longhorn Steakhouse: $5 off two entrees; expires Nov. 7 McDonald's: Free breakfast sandwich if Miami Hurricanes win McDonald's: Free french fries on Friday with coupon in mobile app Olive Garden: All-you-can-eat pasta; expires Nov. 20 Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off entire check; expires Sunday Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup RaceTrac: Seven free drinks with rewards app Smashburger: Free entree with purchase; expires Oct. 30 Sonic Drive-In: 50 cent corn dogs Friday-Sunday Free BOGO entree at Chipotle Doreen Christensen Get a mobile coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free entree by playing Chipotle's "A Love Story" game. Play the fun memory game on how to avoid additives by matching 16 cards in one minute to get rewarded with the coupon. You don't need to win the game to get the offer, while supplies last. After playing,... Get a mobile coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free entree by playing Chipotle's "A Love Story" game. Play the fun memory game on how to avoid additives by matching 16 cards in one minute to get rewarded with the coupon. You don't need to win the game to get the offer, while supplies last. After playing,... (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free fun things to do outdoors this weekend $50 massages, facials during Spa week; expires Saturday Free, discount tickets to sports, concerts, theater from Goldstar.com Free entry, discounts at 18 attractions for Miami Museum Month Free escape room game for your birthday Free yoga, spa and wellness deals during Palm Beach Spa & Wellness Month Free entry for kids at Jungle Island; expires Oct. 31 Free entry for 4th graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal movie tickets with AARP card Free guitar classes at Guitar Centers on Saturdays Free cooking classes at Williams-Sonoma Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturday and Sunday Free Build and Grow Kids Clinic at Lowe's at 10 a.m. Saturday 20 percent off Cirque du Soleil shows with AARP card Free entry, discounts during Miami Museum Month in May Doreen Christensen Get free entry and generous discounts at 25 museums during Miami Museum Month, kicking off Sunday, May 1. The May program, sponsored by the Greater Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau, offers printable coupons for buy-one-get-one free admissions at the Perez Art Museum Miami, the Ancient Spanish... Get free entry and generous discounts at 25 museums during Miami Museum Month, kicking off Sunday, May 1. The May program, sponsored by the Greater Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau, offers printable coupons for buy-one-get-one free admissions at the Perez Art Museum Miami, the Ancient Spanish... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Florida resident deals at theme parks, hotels from VisitOrlando.com Free admissions, discounts at Disney World, Universal, Busch Gardens Discounted tickets, room rates for military at Disney World, Disneyland Free and half-priced tickets for active duty, veterans at SeaWorld parks Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°

birminghammailLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Local News Midlands News UK News Homes and Property Politics Crime Education Business Nostalgia Showbiz Health MotorsExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Theatre Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Shopping CompetitionsExpand Villa Blues Albion Sport Latest Sport Aston Villa Birmingham City West Brom Wolves Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport National Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Nostalgia Celebs & TV Quizzes Food & Drink In Your Area Birmingham City Centre Bournville Digbeth Dudley Kings Heath Lichfield Moseley Solihull North Solihull South Sutton Coldfield Tamworth Walsall West Bromwich Wolverhampton See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Cashback Dating BuySell Book an Ad Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home News Midlands News Asda News Parents slam Asda for 'making fun of mental illness' with children's clothing range Attire attracts storm of controversy from concerned mums and dads  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 10:00, 21 OCT 2016 Updated10:01, 21 OCT 2016 News  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Parents have blasted a supermarket for "making fun" of mental illness with a new t-shirt range. Asda, which operates multiple stores across Birmingham, retail the range in question - which appeals to youngsters and caters for those aged from nine months to six years old - from £2.50 upwards. But the designs on the clothing range have sparked a backlash from angry parents. One particular t-shirt - branded with the slogan "I'm having a meltdown" - attracted a storm of controversy from concerned mums and dads. The wording from the Walmart-owned retailer has attracted criticism, with some suggesting it is "belittling" and "insulting" to people who battle mental illnesses. A petition has now been set up on Change.org by Jennifer Dunstan, who urges the retailer the re-think the range, saying sufferers of mental health issues "did not deserve to be made fun of". Read More Tesco apologises after customer receives 'Jimmy Savile' marmalade The page reads: "Asda are using children's Christmas themed clothing to make fun out of peoples' suffering, with this poorly thought out and down right mean T-shirt slogan "I'm having a melt down". "Anyone suffering with ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder) and similar spectrum disorders or mental health conditions that involve having melt downs as a symptom deserve understanding and acceptance. "They/we do NOT deserve to be made fun of." Jennifer adds: "We put to Asda that they're breaking the guidelines set out with this awful slogan." Watch below: 'Asda bobble turned my daughter's hair RED' Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next The Daily Star reports the garment has also prompted a spokesperson from the National Autistic Society to speak up. Jane Harris, director of external affairs at the National Autistic Society, said: "Autistic children and adults can struggle with loud noises, strong smells, bright lights and new places and become completely overwhelmed. "This can mean people lose control of their behaviour – a lot of families and people on the autism spectrum call this a 'meltdown' or 'shutdown'." Asda Read More Baileys launch vegan friendly dairy-free drink MirrorOnline reached out to Asda for comment, and a spokesperson for the company said: "We take mental health issues extremely seriously and supported World Mental Health Awareness Day this month. "Our snowman t-shirt is intended to be light-hearted and we've received great feedback from customers. "We're sorry if anyone is offended by it – that is never our intention."  Share  Comments Comments Show more comments More On Asda news all Most Read Most Recent ChristmasWatch all the 2016 Christmas adverts in one place - from John Lewis to M&S Expect heart-tugging scenes, adorable animals, yuletide snow and plenty else besides Midlands Air AmbulanceYoung girl airlifted to Birmingham hospital with serious injuries after fatal A49 crash Woman died at scene while three in hospital after car and van collided in Herefordshire West Midlands PoliceLook: Pair 'looking for scrap' try to get into woman's house Homeowner shocked at hearing the door handle turn Heartlands HospitalBus attack horror for mum and baby as window smashed by thugs Parent and child had been travelling on the Nos 97 when vandals struck Birmingham City CentreEnormous £138m bootleg cigarette factory is smashed Ten arrested over racket which churned out 35 million fags a month ChristmasJames Corden in Sainsbury's 2016 Christmas advert - and his singing is not bad Advert stretches to three minutes and 20 seconds, making it the longest ever In The NewsWhy this new plastic £5 note has sold for £50,000 on eBay Collectors are looking for five pound notes with the lowest serial numbers as these attract the highest bids West Midlands PoliceMobile phone driving clampdown: Video shows potential horror Horrific footage shows driver on his mobile phone as he ploughs into car killing a woman and three children Birmingham City CouncilThe Birmingham speed camera which caught 5,000 in a month revealed Birmingham Mail Freedom of Information request reveals startling statistics ChristmasWaitrose unveils adorable Christmas advert for 2016 - and people think it beats John Lewis' Social media users have commented that the ad is a better effort than both John Lewis AND M&S Most Read Most Recent ChristmasWatch all the 2016 Christmas adverts in one place - from John Lewis to M&S Expect heart-tugging scenes, adorable animals, yuletide snow and plenty else besides Midlands Air AmbulanceYoung girl airlifted to Birmingham hospital with serious injuries after fatal A49 crash Woman died at scene while three in hospital after car and van collided in Herefordshire West Midlands PoliceLook: Pair 'looking for scrap' try to get into woman's house Homeowner shocked at hearing the door handle turn Heartlands HospitalBus attack horror for mum and baby as window smashed by thugs Parent and child had been travelling on the Nos 97 when vandals struck Aston Villa FCAston Villa in the January transfer window: The 27 best players whose contracts are up in the summer Villa could get cut-price deals in January by signing players whose current deals are up in the summer - here’s a list of who is available West Bromwich Albion FCWest Bromwich Albion transfer news: Defender's loan spell to be cut short The left-back is out of the picture and likely to be let go, according to reports Birmingham City FCBirmingham City scouting report: How did the trialists get on tonight? Our man at Blues, Brian Dick, runs the rule over Elliot Kebbie and Ollie McCoy Aston Villa FCAston Villa: Jedinak praises in-form striker but stresses Villa are not a one-man team The Australian midfielder reckons his team-mates unselfish ways are helping Kodjia thrive Birmingham City FCHighgate United 3-3 Birmingham City U23 (3-4 after penalties): Blues enjoy Birmingham Senior Cup joy Our man at Blues, Brian Dick, was at Tythe Barn Lane tonight as Richard Beale's troops ran out winners West Bromwich Albion FCWest Bromwich Albion in the transfer market: The 26 best players whose contracts are up in the summer Albion could get cut-price deals in January by signing players whose current deals are up in the summer - here’s a list of who is available Top Stories Birmingham City CouncilWatch: Police chase street racers at 100mph as ban comes into force Force releases footage of shocking driving to warn motorists - 'we will not tolerate this' Midlands Air AmbulanceYoung girl airlifted to Birmingham hospital with serious injuries after fatal crash Woman died at scene while three in hospital after car and van collided in Herefordshire West Midlands PoliceLook: Pair 'looking for scrap' try to get into woman's house Homeowner shocked at hearing the door handle turn EdgbastonFour charged after elderly woman's skull fractured in Edgbaston taxi attack Shocking footage captured moment woman injured after cab targeted on Bellevue Road Birmingham City CentreEnormous £138m bootleg cigarette factory is smashed Ten arrested over racket which churned out 35 million fags a month Birmingham City FCBirmingham City news digest: Blues face competition for striker; trialist to get under-23s chance All the latest BCFC news from St Andrew's Queen Elizabeth HospitalQueen Elizabeth Hospital doctor suspended after assaulting wife and stealing Class A drugs Anaesthetist Klaus-Armin Bartsch had pleaded guilty to assault, theft and possession of Class A drugs Heartlands HospitalBus attack horror for mum and baby as window smashed by thugs Parent and child had been travelling on the Nos 97 when vandals struck AmazonAmazon warehouse fire: Two arrested after suspected arson attack Police quizzing two men, aged 19 and 21, after blaze hit Rugeley base on Sunday         Staffordshire PoliceDevastating garage fire leaves man trapped inside dead Victim described as 'amazing grandfather and dad' Midlands NewsHow my night counting Birmingham's rough sleepers haunted me Councillors joined housing charities and agencies on official annual count of rough sleeping in Birmingham CannockResidents evacuated after car crashes into building, causing gas leak Police hunting driver after Ford Mondeo smashes through business premises News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
null
Home Subscribe (free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media Info Advertising Info Tweet Articles Blogs Labs Science Reference Reports Videos Radio Infographics Music Cartoons Library RSS Store Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Soros-funded left-wing anarcho-terrorists plotting to overthrow the Republic Whole Foods in deep financial trouble; sales plummet following deceptive anti-labeling position with Monsanto Friday, October 21, 2016 by: David Gutierrez, staff writer Tags: Whole Foods, GMO labeling, Dark Act (NaturalNews) The financial outlook for Whole Foods Market continues to look grim, as consumers seeking natural and organic products continue to take their business elsewhere. As far back as 2014, then-CEO John Mackey admitted that the company was hurting due to an explosion in the number of stores selling organic groceries. "The growing demand for fresh, healthy foods, the offering of natural and organic products is expanding everywhere [in] new stores, existing stores and online," Mackey said. The company has also been hit by several recent scandals, including allegations of price-gouging, and more recently, of colluding with Monsanto to ensure the passage of a bill that bans the labeling of foods made with genetically modified organisms (GMOs). Company profits tankingWhole Foods was in a vulnerable financial position even before the recent scandals erupted. Organic and natural food sales have exploded in the United States in the past decade, largely due to the entry of new players into the organic grocery market. This broke what had been an all but de facto monopoly for Whole Foods. Organic food sales were $11 billion in 2004. By 2014, they had more than tripled. The combined organic and "natural" foods market had grown to $48 billion by 2012 – from just $6 billion in 1998. A watershed moment for organic foods availability – and perhaps the beginning of the end for Whole Foods – came when Walmart entered the market in 2014, introducing a store-brand organics line priced 25 percent lower than its other organic products. Then, last year, New York regulators accused Whole Foods of price gouging and cheating customers with false weights and measures. The company settled the charges, but the scandal only increased its image as an overpriced store that eats up your "Whole Paycheck." The company's same-store sales have fallen every quarter for the past year, with another 2.1 percent drop expected for this quarter. Overall company earnings are predicted to fall both this year and next year. And the company's stock has tanked, falling in 2014 and 2015 to a current level of 50 percent below the 2013 high. This year, the stock has fallen more than 10 percent more. These factors left the company in a vulnerable position when food prices as a whole fell, causing an across-the-board drop in profits for all grocery stores. Are consumers rejecting 'organic traitors?'A factor overlooked by many financial analysts, but potentially significant for the Whole Foods customer base, is the company's collusion in the recent passage of the Denying Americans the Right to Know (DARK) Act 2.0. Posing as a GMO labeling bill, the DARK Act 2.0 actually banned all GMO labeling initiatives passed by state or local governments. Within two years, the government is now supposed to roll out a completely voluntary labeling initiative that requires consumers to call a 1-800 number or use a smartphone to scan a QR code for GMO ingredient information. To top it off, the bill defines "GMO" so narrowly, that 95 percent of GMO products currently on the market are allowed to be labeled as non-GMO – including products made with corn or soy with the Bt or Roundup Ready traits. Where does Whole Foods come in? According to the Center for Food Safety and small organic farmers groups, the DARK Act 2.0 would never have passed if major organic foods companies – including Whole Foods – had not lent their support to the bill, joining forces with Monsanto and the Grocery Manufacturers Association. Other major "organic traitors" include UNFI (the country's largest organic and natural foods wholesaler) and the Organic Trade Association, which represents companies such as Organic Valley, White Wave and Smuckers. Ninety percent of U.S. residents support mandatory labeling of GMO foods. Sources for this article include: Money.CNN.com BusinessInsider.com NaturalNews.com NaturalNews.com EcoWatch.com Non-GMO, Certified Organic Survival Food from the Health Ranger The industry's only clean, lab tested and certified organic instant meals. IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Search on GoodGopher.com GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers. Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Whole Foods at FETCH.news The world of independent media, all in one place. Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Whole Foods Whole Foods caught in GMO marketing deception, false advertising - here's the proof Whole Foods confirms it knowingly sells products containing Monsanto's genetically modified corn: Don't ask, don't tell! Natural News exclusive: Whole Foods Market whistleblower says employees were deliberately trained to lie about GMOs - new Organic Spies video Whole Foods announces mandatory GMO labeling by 2018; here's how it happened YouTube censors 'Organic Spies' video exposing Whole Foods employees lying about GMOs Why I'm thankful for Whole Foods Market stores Whole Foods knowingly engages in massive GMO deception, says undercover video by 'Organic Spies' Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/055728_Whole_Foods_GMO_labeling_Dark_Act.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/055728_Whole_Foods_GMO_labeling_Dark_Act.html">Whole Foods in deep financial trouble; sales plummet following deceptive anti-labeling position with Monsanto</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event WikiLeaks emails mention aspartame, acknowledging it puts holes in mice brains Whining, sore-loser leftist women now claiming ALL humans with a vagina should have voted for Hillary... just 'cuz Healthy 12-year-old girl dies shortly after receiving HPV vaccine Washington Post now quoting the Health Ranger who predicted EVERYTHING about the election results and post-election leftist violence CIVIL WAR: Violent Leftists openly call for death of Trump supporters JOURNO-TERRORISM: The goal of the left-wing media has always been to terrorize voters and hypnotically control them using orchestrated fear programming Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Soros-funded left-wing anarcho-terrorists plotting to SABOTAGE Trump and overthrow the Republic: Dave Hodges releases urgent interview with Mike Adams Flu shot hoax admitted: "No controlled trials demonstrating a decrease in influenza" World leaders praise Trump, vow to 'work with America' again CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism The shocking ingredients in flu vaccines Federal study: Monsanto chemicals poisoned southern town, caused many cases of liver disease Massive vaccine cover-up confirmed: Secret documents prove vaccines cause autism Scientist discovers anti-aging protein that could slow down - or even stop - the aging process Is the fix in? Talk show giant Michael Savage predicts Obama will 'poison pill' the nation before he leaves office Be cautious with these fruits and vegetables; they're known to contain the most pesticides CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry LEFTIST POLITBURO ON DISPLAY: Hillary Clinton salutes Lady Gaga in full Nazi uniform as twisted media celebrates genocidal symbolism LOVE WINS BEWARE: The Empire will strike back in 2017 with an orchestrated, apocalyptic market crash to try to destroy Trump CIVIL WAR: Violent Leftists openly call for death of Trump supporters Another pipeline bursts in PA, endangering the drinking water of 6 million people ... same company behind Dakota Pipeline WikiLeaks emails mention aspartame, acknowledging it puts holes in mice brains MEMO to Trump: Do not waver, and do not compromise; We the People got your back Scandal-hit hospital left child dehydrated after heart surgery, sucking on wet wipes until his death We the People are TAKING AMERICA BACK from the lawless, corrupt, incompetent criminals running Washington and the media Acne's location on your body could reveal specific health issues Election of Donald Trump proves that the power of the people can overcome corruption and a 'rigged' system The backlash is imminent... prepare for real Americans to take their country back... the 'revolt on Washington' is just getting started All signs point to a corporate takeover of the marijuana industry by Bayer, Monsanto CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label 10 Urgent preparedness items you'll need when Trump wins the election next Tuesday THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever MUTINY AT THE FBI: Comey warned by his own agents to indict Clinton or watch the FBI's reputation go down in flames George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal' The FBI is going to bring down the DOJ... and America will cheer the agency's heroes as the Clinton crime regime is finally toppled Erik Prince: Hillary emails show everything from pay-for-play to pedophilia, NYPD ready to make arrests Severe childhood allergies to peanuts, eggs and dairy directly linked to 'trace' ingredients in common vaccines BREAKING: Racketeering indictment of Hillary Clinton now 'likely' as FOIA for Datto backup device reveals FBI possesses ALL the incriminating emails Dementia now striking people in their 40s as mercury from vaccines causes slow, degenerative brain damage After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all ANALYSIS: Election outcome scenarios reveal 95% chance of widespread post-election violence... streets of America to run red with blood Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters Whole Foods in deep financial trouble; sales plummet following deceptive anti-labeling position with Monsanto ANALYSIS: Chipotle is a victim of corporate sabotage... biotech industry food terrorists are planting e.coli in retaliation for restaurant's anti-GMO menu Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes San Bernardino shooting has all the signs of a staged government operation or ISIS terror attack (from what we know so far) Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes The lemon detox diet - a recipe that really works Popular on Facebook 61K EVERYTHING IS RIGGED: Medicine, science, elections, the media, money, education, search engines, social media... you are living in a fabricated fairy tale 46K Whole Foods goes ROGUE... partners with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America and replace with fake labeling deception... SENATE VOTE PLANNED AS EARLY AS TOMORROW 40K All-out effort to destroy Trump PROVES he's not part of the establishment... NOT an insider... 'Trump' movement has grown way beyond one man's actions or words 38K 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 36K Electoral victory for Hillary already LOCKED IN via massive bribery... George Soros admits on video... democracy be damned... THEFT of the presidency already complete 35K 56 examples of outrageously foul, lewd language spewed by Bill and Hillary Clinton over the last three decades 34K Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 30K CDC forced to reveal documents proving Thimerosal vaccine preservative causes autism 27K The transgender programming of children is child abuse, warns the American College of Pediatricians... chemical castration, genital mutilation and mental illness run amok? 26K Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 23K Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson just sold out to Big Pharma... says children should be forcibly injected with mercury at gunpoint... claims government 'science' overrides medical freedom 23K VOTERS WARNED: You've already lost America... this election is about taking it back in the last non-violent way possible: At the voting booth 20K The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry 20K Hillary the CHEAT! Clinton caught wearing covert earpiece during last night's debate with Trump... brazen dishonesty on display yet again 20K Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN... now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase 'm-nd-t-ry v-cc-n-t--ns' 19K Staged Zika pandemic was engineered by globalist governments to justify the aerial bombardment of awakening populations with toxic chemicals 18K Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 17K TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT NaturalNews.com Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News The wrong antibiotics are prescribed 50% of the time for sore throats, ear and sinus infections (Newstarget.com) - 8 Hours Ago Big Pharma's costly scheme: forced mandatory injections in prison - at taxpayer's expense (Newstarget.com) - 8 Hours Ago Porridge is making a comeback as a simple, clean, natural food source (Newstarget.com) - 8 Hours Ago Top foods to eat to live to 100 (Newstarget.com) - 8 Hours Ago 14 myths about diabetes and natural ways shown to be more effective than drugs (Newstarget.com) - 9 Hours Ago Riding your bike to work significantly helps reduce your chance of heart disease (Newstarget.com) - 9 Hours Ago Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 57° View Live Radar Tue H 69° L 44° Wed H 73° L 45° Thu H 76° L 45° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Business Briefs: Nissan-Renault CEO Ghosn to chair Mitsubishi Motors Business Briefs: Nissan-Renault CEO Ghosn to chair Mitsubishi Motors October 21st, 2016 by Wire reports in Business Around the Region Nissan-Renault CEO Ghosn to chair Mitsubishi Motors TOKYO — Carlos Ghosn, who heads Japan's Nissan Motor and Renault of France, will become chairman of Mitsubishi Motors, working to restore faith in the troubled automaker after a devastating mileage scandal. Ghosn, who presided over Nissan's revival from the brink of bankruptcy in the early 2000s after it formed an alliance with Renault, said he expected it would be difficult to restore Mitsubishi's shattered reputation. But the Brazilian-born Frenchman said he believed it was possible. Jobless claims rise by 13,000 this week The number of Americans seeking unemployment benefits rose to the highest level in five weeks but still remained close to the recent 43-year lows. Weekly applications for jobless benefits rose by 13,000 last week to 260,000, the Labor Department reported Thursday. Even with last week's gain, claims, which are a proxy for layoffs, it remains at levels indicating that workers are enjoying job security despite sluggish economic growth. The increase in benefit applications was bigger than economists had been forecasting but some suggested that disruptions in filing applications earlier caused by Hurricane Matthew might have been a factor. Mortgages for 30 years rise to 3.52 percent Long-term U.S. mortgage rates rose this week for a second straight week, reaching their highest levels since June. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac said Thursday the average for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage increased to 3.52 percent from 3.47 percent last week. But rates still remain near historic lows. The benchmark 30-year rate is down from 3.79 percent a year ago and close to its all-time low of 3.31 percent in November 2012. The 15-year fixed-rate mortgage, popular with homeowners who are refinancing, rose to 2.79 percent from 2.76 percent. Home sales round despite tight supply More Americans bought homes in September, many for the first time, despite a persistent shortage of properties for sale. The National Association of Realtors said Thursday that sales of existing homes rose 3.2 percent from August to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.47 million, the strongest pace since June. The supply of available homes stood at 2.04 million units, down 6.8 percent from a year ago. Tight inventories drove the median price of existing homes up 5.6 percent from a year ago to $234,200. Bicker over liquor: workers get Jim Beam contract offer Striking Jim Beam workers upset over extended work hours to keep up with demand for the brand's whiskeys were presented a new contract offer Thursday that includes a company pledge to hire more employees, a union official said. About 250 union workers are scheduled to vote on the latest contract proposal Friday, said United Food and Commercial Workers union official Tommy Ballard. They walked off their jobs last Saturday at Jim Beam distilleries at Clermont and Boston in Kentucky. The newest offer follows rounds of negotiations and a management listening session that allowed workers to voice grievances. "They really listened to what we told them the issues were, and they came through on a lot of them," Ballard said of the revised proposal. Workers' main complaint with the world's leading bourbon producer was not money but time — the union wants to see more full-time workers hired, rather than a greater reliance on temporary workers. The company's newest offer includes a commitment to hire additional full-time staff in an effort to reduce overtime, Ballard said. Union want court reversal of Wal-Mart trespass order A labor union that has demonstrated against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. asked the Arkansas Supreme Court on Thursday to reverse a judge's decision barring it from entering the retail giant's property for anything other than shopping. An attorney for the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union argued that the National Labor Relations Board, not the Benton County judge, should have jurisdiction over the matter. Wal-Mart had sought the order against the union and the Organization United for Respect at Wal-Mart in response to the group demonstrating and picketing at its stores over its pay and benefits. George Wiszynski, the attorney for the union, said the Bentonville-based company's trespassing complaint was nearly identical to one it had also filed with the national board. "At the end of the day, Wal-Mart relied on the same conduct for its unfair labor practice, its National Labor Relations Board charge as it does for its lawsuit," Wiszynski told justices. Wal-Mart's attorney, however, said trespassing is a state issue and was properly before the judge. More Articles Read previous article Tennessee and Georgia experiencing above average growth Read next article Despite employment gains, influx of job seekers boosts Tennessee jobless rate Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Tennessee Gov. Haslam issues 51-county ban on burning until Dec. 15 Hundreds hospitalized with breathing problems amid Chattanooga-area wildfire outbreak Georgia father found guilty of murder in toddler son's hot car death Firefighters use hand tools to fight Chattanooga-area wildfires with no rain in sight Former Ooltewah High School employees blame rape victim's basketball teammates in response to lawsuit Red Bank's decision to require officers to carry Narcan saves a life [photos] Chattanoogans join protest against Dakota Access pipeline [photos] Chattanooga's bike-share system expands to 37 stations John L. Kerns will seek District 9 council seat Bullet strikes woman walking on Chamberlain Avenue Cleveland police investigate elderly couple's deaths More robots in Chattanooga operating rooms [photos, video]

Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Business MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Democrats’ First Big Decision Since the Election: Choosing a New Leader More Election Coverage Georgia Father Found Guilty in Toddler’s Hot Car Death Donald Trump Says He’ll Bring Back Coal. Here’s Why He Can’t Woman Accused of Killing Her Identical Twin Charged With Murder for the Second Time Making a Murderer’s Brendan Dassey Will Be Released From Prison Carbon Dioxide Emissions Close to Flat for Third Straight Year, Report Says Paid Family Leave Could Be a Reality in Trump’s America Longtime PBS Journalist Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 How Donald Trump Is Bringing the Alt-Right to the White House More Election Coverage Chelsea Manning Petitions President Obama for Shortened Sentence TIME Business Food & Drink Pringles Has Already Announced This Year’s Holiday Flavors Madeline Farber / Fortune Oct. 20, 2016 SHARE Now including sugar cookie Pringles is ditching the savory for sweet this Holiday season with its all-new sugar cookie-flavored potato crisps. Along with its new sugar cookie flavor, Pringles will also bring back two of its “classic” dessert flavors: Pecan Pie and Salted Caramel. You can find all three flavors starting early next month, Consumerist reports, with each can going for $1.69 a piece. One caveat: Sugar cookie Pringles will only be available at Walmart, according to Consumerist. And the other two flavors will only be available at Dollar General stores. Sorry, Halloween. We’re ready for holiday #sweaterweather. https://t.co/hAaAhPdApt pic.twitter.com/a7SgFx0AOO — Pringles (@Pringles) October 19, 2016 Pringles may have wanted to skip right to Christmas, squashing any chances of pumpkin spice-flavored crisps, but that doesn’t mean other food companies are ready to deck the halls just yet: Yum’s KFC released a “Pumpkin & Feta Twister” wrap in Australia earlier this week. And General Mills debuted pumpkin-spice flavored Cheerios in April, months ahead of pumpkin-spice season. This article first appeared on Fortune.com Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS PBS anchor Gwen Ifill dies at 61 Full Story Email share share tweet email NEWS Forest Park police shoot shoplifting suspect in hip Email share share tweet email none WLS Thursday, October 20, 2016 FOREST PARK, Ill. (WLS) -- Police in southwest suburban Forest Park said an officer responding to a reported shoplifting shot the suspect in the hip following a pursuit after the officer saw he was armed with a knife. Police said they received a call about loss prevention officers chasing a shoplifting suspect out of the Walmart in the 1300-block of Des Plaines Avenue. Police chased the suspect into a nearby cemetery, where the suspect jumped into the Des Plaines River and swam across to the opposite bank, police said. Police said the pursuing officers searched for the suspect but could not locate him and were preparing to leave when the officer spotted him. As the suspect ran back into the river, police said the officer saw the suspect was armed with a knife and fired shots, striking the suspect in the hip. The suspect was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries. Police said that according to protocol, two officers were taken to a hospital as a precaution and will be placed on administrative leave while the shooting is investigated by the Illinois State Police Public Integrity Unit. The shoplifted goods were recovered. Related Topics: newspolice-involved shootingshopliftingForest Park Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WLS-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair Anti-Trump Protests Spread to Democratic Leadership With Sit-In at Schumer's DC Office Obama Says Trump Told Him He Would Support NATO, After Threats to Abandon It Trump supporter beaten on West Side explains why he didn't fight back More News Top Stories Emanuel: Chicago to remain a sanctuary city for immigrants Georgia father guilty of murder in hot car death Nephew in 'Making a Murderer' ordered released PBS anchor Gwen Ifill dies at 61 New Chipotle is latest addition to Englewood Square Official's racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Couple claims breeder took their French bulldog Show More Police: Shootings down 40 percent after weekend crackdown Alshon Jeffery suspended four games for PED violation Gary school district delays paychecks due to funding shortage Vouching for Trump, Obama says US will maintain alliances Chili's manager takes away veteran's free meal More News Photos PHOTOS: Hospital asks for public's help to identify patient PHOTOS: Half of Oprah's former Chicago condo sells for $3.5M PHOTOS: Thousands of Trump protesters march in Chicago's Loop PHOTOS: Police find baby koala stuffed inside woman's bag More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Former pastor charged with choking stranger's baby in Walmart ch - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports 59SportsZone Friday Night Football Scores WV Illustrated Video Community Homecoming 2016 Brilliance of Fall 2016 Community Calendar What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Former pastor charged with choking stranger's baby in Walmart checkout line Posted: Thursday, October 20, 2016 9:10 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 9:10 PM EDT By Robert Pauley Email Connect rpauley@wvnstv.com OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- A former pastor is accused of trying to choke a 4-month-old baby he didn’t know at a Kansas City-area WalMart. The Kansas City Star reports prosecutors in Kansas’ Johnson County charged 54-year-old Oleh Zhownirovych of Clinton, New Jersey, with felony aggravated battery and misdemeanor battery. It was not immediately clear if Zhownirovych has an attorney. Overland Park police say a man walked up to a woman who was in a checkout lane early Wednesday and began choking her baby. The woman screamed, and the man stopped. Police say people in the store helped the woman and held the man until officers arrived. The baby was not injured. Investigators say the man possibly was under the influence of drugs or alcohol. Zhownirovych reportedly listed an address as that of a New Jersey Ukrainian Orthodox cathedral when he was booked into jail. The current pastor there told the paper Zhownirovych left his position as a pastor there about 10 months ago. © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   S&P 500 ▲ 2164.20 -0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5218.40 -0.36%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 21/32 yield 2.190%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.71 0.90%   Euro ▲ 1.0768 0.29%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Samsung Charges Into Auto Tech With $8 Billion Deal for Harman Regency Centers Nearing Deal to Buy Equity One for About $5 Billion Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories U.S. Businesses Bet on Which Trump Will Govern Buffett’s Berkshire Invests in Airlines Google to Bar Fake-News Websites From Using Its Ad-Selling Software American Apparel Returns to Bankruptcy With Deal to Sell Brand Clinical Trial Succeeds for Injectable Opioid-Dependence Treatment Reynolds Wants More After Rejecting BAT’s Initial Takeover Bid Korea Line Outbids Hyundai Merchant for Hanjin Shipping Assets Advance Auto Parts Logs Better-Than-Expected Same-Store Sales Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Europe European Business News Lackluster Sales Growth Puts Publicis on Defensive Shares in the advertising group slide, as the loss of key U.S. clients hits sales growth By Nick Kostov Nick Kostov The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyNick Kostov @nick_kostov nick.kostov@dowjones.com Updated Oct. 20, 2016 8:59 p.m. ET PARIS—The loss of media business from Procter & Gamble, Wal-Mart and other key advertisers sapped sales growth at Publicis Groupe SA, throwing CEO Maurice Levy on the defensive as the company reeled from a push for more transparency and cost-cutting across the ad industry. On Thursday, the company said its organic sales—a closely watched figure in the ad industry that strips out acquisitions, disposals and currency swings—dropped... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Briefs (Oct. 21, 2016) Thursday Oct 20, 2016 at 3:53 PM Oct 20, 2016 at 3:53 PM The Record Terror at Tower Park LODI — Yogi Bear Jellystone Park is presenting Terror at Tower Park this month, a haunted house filled with 20 scary scenes featuring zombies, mad doctors and other terrifying creatures. The Terror at Tower Park is in the warehouse at the end of the marina under the water tower and will take place from 7-10 p.m. Oct. 28 and Oct. 29 at 14900 Highway 12. Admission is $10. For more information call (209) 269-1041. Edison Hall of Fame induction is Oct. 22 STOCKTON — Eight people will be inducted into the Edison Hall of Fame on Oct. 22, and a celebration is planned to include a reception dinner at Edison High School at 100 W. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd., Stockton. This year’s inductees are social worker Dennis Buettner (Class of 1981), businessman Walt “Butch” Howell (’68), track coach Myke Lewis-Tyson, San Joaquin Delta College trustee president Claudia Moreno, educator Mahlon Schmidt, attorney Paula Ecker White (’82), sports journalist Henry Wofford (’91) and Emmy award-winning television journalist Dale Yurong (’79). For more information on the 2016 inductees, go to recordnet.com/filipasblog. Halloween costume drive is Oct. 22 LODI — In an effort to ensure all kids get to dress up for Halloween as their favorite superheroes, princesses, animals, Jedi Knights or whatever, the Young Professionals of Lodi, in support of the Lodi Salvation Army, are collecting new and gently used children’s Halloween costumes from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Oct. 22 at Walmart, 2350 W. Kettleman Lane, Lodi. All donations go to children attending the Lodi Salvation Army's Trunk or Treat event. Sidewalk Talk listeners are available STOCKTON — As part of Sidewalk Talk, a community listening project started in 2014 by two San Francisco psychotherapists, two volunteer listeners will set up chairs downtown to listen to anyone who wants to talk to them. Katie Turner and Dr. Diane Carnahan will hold the first Sidewalk Talk in downtown Stockton beginning at noon Oct. 22 at the Downtown Transit Center. It’s part of an international effort involving volunteers in 15 American cities and three overseas. The idea is that sometimes people need a human connection and don’t have anyone to talk two. These listeners are available. For more information on the event, contact Turner at (916) 216-1762 or Katie.caya@gmail.com. For more information on the group, go to sidewalktalksf.com. Help available for Head Start applications STOCKTON — Head Start San Joaquin staff will be available to talk to people about applying to Head Start programs from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Oct. 22 at the north Stockton Walmart, 3223 E. Hammer Lane. Representatives will help families learn more about Head Start and Early Head Start programs that prepare young children for success in school and how to apply for the programs. Eligible children from birth to 5 years old can be enrolled. For more information about Head Start and Early Head Start programs in San Joaquin County, call (209) 468-4933, email headstartinfo@sjcoe.net, or go to headstartsanjoaquin.org. Funeral services announced for Pittman Funeral services for Stockton Medal of Honor recipient Richard Pittman will be held 11 a.m. Oct. 24 at Bear Creek Community Church, 11171 N. Lower Sacramento Road, Lodi. Following the church services, a graveside ceremony will be held at the family plot in Cherokee Memorial Cemetery, 831 Industrial Way, off Harney Lane east of Highway 99 in Lodi. Following the service, there will be a gathering at the Stockton Police Union’s hall on Rough and Ready Island for a reception. The family is asking those attending to bring a dish for a potluck lunch. Pittman died last week of natural causes. He was 71.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do The Current Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Kombucha Market Analysis By Flavor, By Distribution Channel and Segment Forecasts to 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 20, 2016, 18:19 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The global kombucha market is expected to reach USD 4.46 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Increasing awareness of the health benefits associated with consuming probiotic drinks is projected to boost market demand over the forecast period. Kombucha helps to control liver cell toxicity and aids in detoxification, digestion, and weight loss. It also improves immunity and acts like an energy drink. Some of the drivers influencing the market growth are the ease of manufacturing and rising demand for probiotic beverages. Growing disposable income and the trend of maintaining a healthy diet intake has led to increasing demand for natural and organic beverages. North America occupied the largest market share in 2015 on account of a vast number of brewers operating in this region. Companies such as Buchi Kombucha, GT's Kombucha, Celestial Seasonings, and KeVita, Inc. have adopted expansion strategies to increase their presence in the market. Most of the companies have tie-ups with local retailers and health food stores such as Wal-Mart, Safeway, and Whole Food Market for the distribution of their products. Further key findings from the report suggest: The Symbiotic Colony of Bacteria and Yeast (SCOBY) is the key ingredient for the manufacture of fermented kombucha tea Fermented drinks have gained wide acceptance in the healthy beverages industry Consumers broadly prefer flavored kombucha drinks; this segment accounted for 68% of the market volume in 2015. Brewers have launched a variety of exotic flavors such as coconut & mango, pineapple-jalapeno, guava, and berry. Other flavors extracted from flowers, herbs, roots, and spices are also used in the beverage. Asia Pacific is projected to grow at the highest CAGR on account of the growing demand for probiotic beverages in China, Japan, and India Companies have partnered with large retail chains and other distributors to cater to the increasing demand in the U.S. Major companies identified in this industry include Buchi Kombucha, Cell-Nique Corporation, GT's Kombucha, Hain Celestial Group, Red Bull GmbH, and Revive Kombucha among others Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4230368/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kombucha-market-analysis-by-flavor-by-distribution-channel-and-segment-forecasts-to-2024-300348911.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Oct 20, 2016, 18:21 ET Preview: Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastic Market Analysis By Raw Material, By Product, By Application and Segment Forecasts to 2024 Oct 20, 2016, 18:16 ET Preview: 1-Decene Market Analysis By Application and Segment Forecasts to 2025 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 21:48 ETModular Data Center Market by Functional Module Solution,... Nov 10, 2016, 21:21 ETPhilippines Dental Care Market Outlook to 2019 - Increasing... Explore More news releases in similar topics Beverages Non-Alcoholic Beverages Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Kombucha Market Analysis By Flavor, By Distribution Channel and Segment Forecasts to 2024 News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 20, 2016, 18:19 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Scam Alert By Dumas Police Department SCAM ALERT!!!!!! In the past two weeks the Dumas Police Department has recieved several complaints of citizens having damaged computer equipment and contacting an online warranty company and being contacted by the same company asking them to complete a secret shopper survey at Wal Mart. In all instances the representative from this fraudulent company tells the victim they will send them a check or they get the victim to give them their banking info and they would direct deposit money into their account, they then either tell the victim they sent too much money by check and the victim needs to withdraw some of the funds when they deposit the check and send it back to the company, or they tell the victim they need to withdraw funds from their account and send them a cashiers check or moneygram to the company, then the direct deposit is not made to the victims account. The company name is Development Incorporated. If someone offers to send you a check and request you send them money back or wants you to send them money from your account before a direct deposit is made and accepted by your bank it is a scam. Never give your banking or personal information to anyone you do not know to be reputable. These scams usually originate from overseas countries. If you fall victim to one of these scams and send money or goods to these people we will most likely not be able to identify them or recover any of your money. If you do deposit a check in your account do not spend or send any of that money until you are sure the check has cleared the issuing bank or institution because your bank will debit your account if the check doesnt clear. When in doubt always contact your local law enforcement, and verify all checks through your banking institution. { Newspaper Template by bulletlink.com }
null
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Report finds widespread theft from disabled by state caregivers Protecting The Disabled This Jan. 11, 2016, file photo, shows the New York State Justice Center for the Protection of People With Special needs building in Delmar. (AP Photo/Mike Groll, File) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press Follow on Twitter on October 20, 2016 at 5:59 PM, updated October 20, 2016 at 6:23 PM comments ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — An investigation of state employees stealing from developmentally disabled people in their care found "systemic theft and mismanagement" of cash accounts of group home residents, New York State Inspector General Catherine Leahy Scott said Thursday. "With disturbing regularity we have seen the shameless preying on a vulnerable population by those charged with their care," Leahy Scott said in releasing a report that detailed 10 state caregiver theft cases that have been prosecuted. The cases included a staff member's Walmart shopping spree using residents' gift cards, an employee who used money from six residents to take her own family to a show, and a house manager who used residents' funds to buy himself musical equipment, a recliner and expensive sneakers. In each case, the employee was prosecuted and terminated from state service. Based on the 10 cases described in the report, the inspector general found the state Office for People with Developmental Disabilities was deficient in its oversight, training and policies on residents' cash accounts. In response to the report, the state agency agreed to implement reforms including periodic audits of residents' cash accounts, more accurate logs of transactions and updated training for caretakers and supervisors at group homes. More New York News NY State Lottery: Daily winning numbers Politics & Elections: Central NY and Albany State Forum: Talk about New York issues Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         Crimesider/ MISSING MANHUNT COLD CASES PHOTOS 48 HOURS By Crimesider Staff CBS/AP October 20, 2016, 6:00 PM Former pastor charged with choking stranger's baby in Walmart checkout line Oleh Zhownirovych WIBW Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- A former pastor is accused of trying to choke a 4-month-old baby he didn’t know at a Kansas City-area WalMart. The Kansas City Star reports prosecutors in Kansas’ Johnson County charged 54-year-old Oleh Zhownirovych of Clinton, New Jersey, with felony aggravated battery and misdemeanor battery. It was not immediately clear if Zhownirovych has an attorney. Overland Park police say a man walked up to a woman who was in a checkout lane early Wednesday and began choking her baby. The woman screamed, and the man stopped. Police say people in the store helped the woman and held the man until officers arrived. The baby was not injured. Investigators say the man possibly was under the influence of drugs or alcohol. Zhownirovych reportedly listed an address as that of a New Jersey Ukrainian Orthodox cathedral when he was booked into jail. The current pastor there told the paper Zhownirovych left his position as a pastor there about 10 months ago. © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Crimesider Verdict reached for Ga. father in son's hot car death Prosecutors argued Justin Ross Harris intentionally left his toddler son to die in a hot car in June 2014 -- his defense insisted it was a tragic accident HI woman charged anew in twin's SUV cliff-plunge death Murder charges have been re-filed against Alexandria Duval after she allegedly drove an SUV off a Maui sea cliff in May, killing her twin sister Popular Follow Us icon icon Read Story Cops: Mom let tigers roam house; endangered daughter, 14 Previous Next Read Story FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up a lot in 2015 Read Story Face-biting attacker: "I ate something bad ... humans" Previous Next Read Story Cops: S.C. man set puppy on fire in church parking lot Previous Next Read Story Stepmom sorry for not protecting boy found dead in pigsty Previous Next Read Story Judge: "Making a Murderer" subject Dassey to be released Previous Next CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
http://thelink.harding.edu/sites/all/themes/huthelink/js/ Skip to main content Search form Search The Bison 13 News 13 Sports Columns 13 Opinions Columns 13 Features Campus 13 Lifestyle 13 Archives HU16 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/#special%20events Special Events HU Lectureships Dedications And Ceremonies Commencement And Convocation 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/ HU16 Programming HU Football With Ronnie Huckabe 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/#harding university chapel 2015-2016 Chapel 14 # Sports HU Football HU Soccer 14 https://hu16.viebit.com/#tv16%20news%202015-2016 Live at 5 News Radio 15 AM 1660 15 KVHU 95.3 SPONSORSHIP OPPORTUNITIES The Petit Jean 16 Student Life 16 Academics 16 Athletics 16 International 16 Organizations 16 People 16 Social Clubs stdClass Object
(
    [uid] => 0
    [hostname] => 129.2.201.153
    [roles] => Array
        (
            [1] => anonymous user
        )

    [cache] => 0
    [workbench_access] => Array
        (
        )

)
 Login Login to My Account Create New Account The Bison: News Sports Columns Opinions Columns Features Campus Lifestyle Archives You are here Home » The Bison » Lifestyle » Smelling With All The Flavors of the Wind Smelling With All The Flavors of the Wind Fri, 10/21/2016 - 12:00am -- Libbie Turner Each day is said to be an adventure, and for a Harding student, occasionally those adventures unfold in a blueberry or chocolate–scented landscape.  Schulze and Burch Biscuit Company, located around a mile south of Harding’s campus, specializes in producing baked goods for brands like Kellogg’s and Quaker, as well as generic brands for Kroger and Wal-Mart. The factory’s close proximity to Harding means anyone in the area is subject to the occasional sensory surprise. One of the most notable products Schulze and Burch produces is Pop-Tarts — a Kellogg breakfast toaster pastry filled with a variety of flavors. Jessica Pratt, head of Human Resources at Schulze and Burch’s Searcy location, said they make strawberry, brown sugar cinnamon, blueberry, wildberry and peanut butter Pop-Tarts, to name a few.  “Now, sometimes you might smell cranberries or bananas,” Pratt said. “That’s coming from our B line, which produces hard granola bars.” Schulze and Burch run three lines of production over the course of two shifts, which means the ovens are running from 4 a.m. until 11 p.m. Consequently, Harding students could catch a whiff of an array of pastries baking at almost any hour from the minute dorm doors open until curfew.  Thousands of products are baked at Schulze and Burch each day, but their production schedule is entirely dependent on the demand of their clients. Clients like Kellogg’s and Quaker take inventory and order more Pop-Tarts and granola bars as needed. The Searcy factory then whips up baked goods that are eventually shipped to stores nation-wide.  Pratt said that although it is impossible to predict what flavor of toaster pastries Schulze and Burch will be producing from week to week, it may be possible to track what days good smells will be heading towards campus.  “It’s all about the wind,” Pratt said. “If it’s blowing in the right direction, campus is going to catch some of whatever we’re making that day. It is kind of exciting because people recognize that the place where I work is the source of all these good smells.” Weekend desk clerk for the Heritage Inn and clinical mental health counsel major Scott Lacy worked at Schulze and Burch during the fall of 2014. Lacy remembers the production floor being filled with the smell of whatever flavor of toaster pastry was baking during that particular shift. However, Lacy said a full day’s worth of the smell made it all a little less enchanting. “After 10 hours of either smelling or stepping on Pop-Tarts, they start to lose their appeal,” Lacy said. “I would still get positive comments all the time about how the factory would flood Searcy with the smell of blueberries or chocolate.” So on those whimsical days when the wind is blowing north, students become the recipients of a serendipitous perk of living in Searcy, and Harding University becomes the recipient of thousands of dollars worth of atmospheric aroma marketing — and we have Pop-Tarts consumers nation-wide to thank.   106 reads The Bison Multimedia See interviews, features, and more from the Bison's multimedia team. In the News Kaepernick on why he didn't vote Donald Trump picks White House team   Contact Us The Staff Advertise Join the Staff About Archives The Link Network is a product of the Department of Communication at Harding University. For more information contact us at communication@harding.edu or visit us at harding.edu/communication.
null
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Election Center S-R Podcast WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Mon., Nov. 14, 2016 49˚ Business THURSDAY, OCT. 20, 2016, 2:26 P.M. Big companies push NW utilities to produce clean sources for electricity By Becky Kramer beckyk@spokesman.com(208) 765-7122 Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Demand for carbon-free energy is starting to influence how electricity is produced in Washington state. In about two years, corporate and government clients of a Western Washington utility will be able to buy 100 percent of their electricity from new, renewable energy projects. Puget Sound Energy’s program is the first of its kind in the state. Customers who sign up for the voluntary program will pay more for the all-renewable electricity from the Bellevue-based utility, but they’ll be able to track their kilowatt consumption back to specific wind farms or solar installations. “They wanted something that was cost-effective. They also wanted to be able to point to a new solar farm, or a new wind farm, and say, ‘That was built because of our commitment,’” said Tom MacLean, manager of customer renewable energy programs for Puget Sound Energy, which serves about 1.1 million electric customers. Outdoor retailer REI, which has 11 Washington stores, was among the first utility customers to approach Puget Sound Energy, MacLean said. The utility has also heard from Target, Walmart and other members of the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance, which formed with the help of the World Wildlife Fund and World Resources Institute to assist large corporations with affordable ways to reduce their carbon footprint. More than 60 companies are part of the alliance, representing hundreds of megawatts of new demand for renewable energy, according to World Resources Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based group. Like other Northwest utilities, Puget Sound Energy gets part of its electricity from hydropower dams and wind generation, MacLean said. But the utility also has coal- and natural gas-fired electric plants. Initially, Puget Sound Energy will limit the program to 75 megawatts of electricity. That represents the average output of two large wind farms, MacLean said. A large grocery store uses about one-half of a megawatt of electricity, so a company with 10 stores would require about 5 megawatts, he said. The Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission approved the program in late September. State oversight helps insure that program costs don’t get shifted onto other utility customers, said Jeremy Twitchell, the UTC’s energy policy adviser. Puget Sound Energy is starting to market the new program to prospective customers, including local and state governments. But since the construction of new wind farms is required, the program’s roll-out is about two years away, MacLean said. Participating companies will sign 10- to 20-year contracts for the all-renewable energy, which helps give them price certainty, he said. Avista Corp. is also assessing customers’ interest in renewable energy, said Mary Tyrie, a company spokeswoman. About 1 percent of the Spokane-based utility’s electric customers participate in the Buck A Block program. Customers who opt in pay an extra $1 for 300 kilowatt blocks of electricity. Avista uses the extra money to purchase renewable energy credits, primarily from wind farms, said Chris Drake, Avista’s energy efficiency manager. The credits offset electricity in Avista’s portfolio generated from burning fossil fuels. Puget Sound Energy also offers the purchase of renewable energy credits to its residential and commercial customers, MacLean said. Though they have similar goals, the new program better fits the needs of large, corporate customers, he said. Corporate clients will be able to tout their participation in specific projects that help reduce the nation’s carbon emissions. “The companies can say, ‘Those wind turbines, or those solar panels, are our project. They were built for us,’” said Twitchell, the energy policy adviser. Published: Oct. 20, 2016, 2:26 p.m.  Tags: Avista, energy, puget sound energy, renewable energy, Utilities and Transportation Commission, wind energy Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska MoneyGram Unveils MoneyGram Kameleon™ English Español Cutting-edge technology integrates MoneyGram's award-winning mobile and web experience into agents' digital property News provided by MoneyGram Oct 20, 2016, 16:49 ET Share this article DALLAS, Oct. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- MoneyGram (NASDAQ: MGI) today announced MoneyGram Kameleon, a revolutionary turn-key product that offers a customized website for agents looking to offer a seamless money transfer and payment experience, is now available to all U.S. retailers, financial service providers and telcos. MoneyGram Kameleon, also known as Money Transfer as a Service (MTaaS), extends the same innovative and convenient services as MoneyGram's award-winning mobile and web experience into a third party's website. Its adaptive platform has a control panel that allows agents to customize content, colors, and images in real-time so it fits perfectly with their branding and marketing strategies. The platform also uses responsive design so it dynamically works for mobile, tablet or desktop.       Continue Reading MoneyGram Kameleon is a revolutionary turn-key product that offers a customized website for agents looking to offer a seamless money transfer and payment experience and is now available to all U.S. retailers, financial service providers and telcos. "MoneyGram Kameleon is already creating a great online experience for customers who frequent Walmart.Moneygram.com which is powered by the product," said Alex Holmes, MoneyGram's chief executive officer. "Today we are focused on building on that momentum and expanding our private-label service to other businesses looking for a dynamic online site to connect with customers that can also be branded and updated easily."  Integration with MoneyGram Kameleon only requires a few lines of code so any business can easily offer these services across their digital channels. This also provides customers with secure and convenient service anytime, anywhere without the need for a storefront location.  Customers who use websites and mobile services powered by MoneyGram Kameleon enjoy innovative features such as guest sending and MoneyGram's "Track a Transfer" tool. Through the platform, users can send money to any of MoneyGram's more than 350,000 agent locations as well as bank accounts around the globe. Last month MoneyGram and Walmart launched the upgraded Walmart.Moneygram.com site built on the MoneyGram Kameleon platform. About MoneyGram International, Inc. MoneyGram is a global provider of innovative money transfer and payment services and is recognized worldwide as a financial connection to friends and family. Whether online, or through a mobile device, at a kiosk or in a local store, we connect consumers any way that is convenient for them. We also provide bill payment services, issue money orders and process official checks in select markets. More information about MoneyGram International, Inc. is available at moneygram.com. Media Contact: Michelle Buckalew media@moneygram.com   214-979-1418  www.moneygram.com  http://corporate.walmart.com #moneygramnews Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161020/431105  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150730/251082LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/moneygram-unveils-moneygram-kameleon-300348813.html SOURCE MoneyGram Related Links http://www.moneygram.com Oct 20, 2016, 20:50 ET Preview: MoneyGram devela MoneyGram Kameleon™ Oct 13, 2016, 07:06 ET Preview: MoneyGram y Farm Fresh se unen para llevar tecnología educativa a los estudiantes de Virginia My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 07, 2016, 03:30 ETMoneyGram baut Dienstleistungen zum Bargeldtransfer auf... Nov 07, 2016, 03:30 ETMoneyGram amplía la huella de efectivo a cuenta en las Filipinas Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electronic Commerce Multimedia & Internet Web Site Banking & Financial Services You just read: MoneyGram Unveils MoneyGram Kameleon™ News provided by MoneyGram Oct 20, 2016, 16:49 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Menu News Comment Science Features Culture Reviews Music Fashion Theatre Sport Write for us Tuesday 15th November 2016 | Cambridge, UK Menu News Comment Science Features Culture Reviews Music Fashion Theatre Sport Write for us Film: American Honey Immersive, modern and surreal: American Honey is a coming-of-age story which is both sensual and disconcerting, says Sarah-Anne Aarup Sasha Lane plays Star, the film’s protagonist A24 by Sarah-Anne Aarup Thursday October 20 2016, 9:49pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp American Honey, now showing at the Arts Picturehouse, plunges you into an exciting and exploitative world of door-to-door magazine subscription sales in a dystopic vision of the United States, rife with drug epidemics, economic inequality and shattered families. The opening scene of the teenage protagonist Star (Sasha Lane) standing in a dumpster to scavenge for food behind a supermarket announces the flip side of the American Dream. Star decides to break out from her desperate life in Oklahoma when she locks eyes with Jake (Shia LaBeouf), a misfit dancing with his friends in a Walmart. She leaves her younger siblings with a sleazy relative before heading off to Kansas City with Jake and his crew, who offer her the opportunity to become part of their team of itinerant salesmen. Jake entices Star with the prospect of a job, a surrogate family, and even love. But what starts out as a care-free road trip through the American Midwest slowly turns into a bad trip as unexpected and surreal situations break out. The stifling pattern of work-play-travel echoes the absorbing hip hop and rap soundtrack of the salesmen’s existence. The question is, which path will Star choose? And does she have a choice? American Honey’s explosive, highly sensual and personal coming-of-age story makes you laugh, yet all the scenes are tinged with an expectation of violence, and a gut feeling that something could go wrong in a split second. While Jake trains Star, he shares his biggest sales secret: judge the potential client in the first split second and adapt your spiel, because you aren’t selling magazines, you’re actually selling yourself. So does Jake actually care about Star, or is it all a mask, as the crew manager Krystal (Riley Keough) tells Star? British director Andrea Arnold majestically orchestrates this 163-minute epic and immersive experience, and her work was justly awarded the prestigious Jury Prize at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival. The acting is striking and nuanced; Sasha Lane made a riveting film debut as Star, and Riley Keough – Elvis Presley’s granddaughter – was spot on in her interpretation of the ruthless Krystal. This film echoes Larry Clark and Harmony Korine’s works, such as Kids, Ken Park and Spring Breakers – and most definitely surpasses the latter in cinematic eloquence and narrative nuance. The filmic aesthetics of American Honey are mesmerising and contemporary, with Instagram-ish lighting and a perpetually wavering camera that echoes mobile phone filming. Go for a ride with American Honey for its coming-of-age story, social exposé of a decaying American society, impressive acting, engrossing soundtrack and beautiful 21st-century American landscape Most read Latest stories Theatre / Cambridge theatre has a class problem 11 November 2016 News / ‘This experience has been detrimental to my mental health’ – intermitting as a graduate 11 November 2016 Features / Why can’t Cambridge embrace my interracial relationship? 11 November 2016 Reviews / Film: Nocturnal Animals 11 November 2016 Comment / Brexit means Brexit – and that our political language needs to change 13 November 2016 News / ‘Easy answers to difficult questions’: the Any Questions? panel on Brexit and Trump 14 November 2016 News / ‘Does Donald trump Brexit?’: Any Questions? at the Cambridge Union 14 November 2016 Comment / Lies and mistruths: conspiracy theories in Trumpland 14 November 2016 Sport / Caius overcome Churchill’s resistance with last-gasp winner 14 November 2016 Sport / Selwyn secure sweet revenge over St John’s 14 November 2016 Sponsored links Limo hire Microsoft Research Back to top First published in 1947, Varsity is the independent student newspaper for the University of Cambridge. All content © 1996-2016 Varsity Publications Ltd. Paper Edition Editorial Complaints About Varsity Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use RSS Get Involved Trust
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Microsoft’s shares surge to record high; U.S. home sales rebound The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it A solid job market and low mortgage rates are bringing buyers into the market, but they are not finding many homes for sale. (John Bazemore/AP) October 20 TECHNOLOGY Microsoft’s shares surge to record high Microsoft reported adjusted revenue and profit that blew past analysts’ estimates Thursday, as soaring sales from its cloud business pushed the technology giant’s shares to an all-time high. Microsoft’s shares rose 5.8 percent, to $60.59, in after-hours trading. The Redmond, Wash.-based company said revenue from its flagship cloud product Azure, which businesses can use to host their websites, apps or data, rose 116 percent. Revenue from its overall Intelligent Cloud business, which sells computer services and storage to corporate customers, rose 8.3 percent, to $6.38 billion. This beat analysts’ average estimate of $6.27 billion, according to the research firm FactSet StreetAccount. Under chief executive Satya Nadella, Microsoft has focused on cloud services and mobile applications as growth slows in its traditional software business. Worldwide PC shipments fell 3.9 percent in the quarter ended Sept. 30, according to the research firm IDC, although that was much less than the 7.1 percent it had previously estimated. — Reuters HOUSING Home sales rebound despite tight supply More Americans bought homes in September, many for the first time, despite a persistent shortage of properties for sale. The National Association of Realtors said Thursday that sales of existing homes rose 3.2 percent from August to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.47 million, the strongest pace since June. Sales rose across the country: 5.7 percent in the Northeast, 5 percent in the West, 3.9 percent in the Midwest and 0.9 percent in the South. Demand for homes is solid, but supplies are weak. A solid job market and low mortgage rates are bringing buyers into the market, but they are not finding many homes for sale. Mortgage rates remain at near-historic lows. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac said Thursday that the rate on a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage rose to 3.52 percent, still close to the record-low 3.31 percent in November 2012. The 15-year fixed-rate mortgage rose from 2.76 percent to 2.79 percent. The National Association of Realtors said first-time home buyers accounted for 34 percent of the purchases, the most since July 2012. — Associated Press Also in Business ● Hyundai is recalling nearly 63,000 midsize cars in the United States because the panoramic glass sunroofs can come loose and fly into traffic. The recall covers certain Sonata midsize cars from the 2015 and 2016 model years. The South Korean automaker said that wind-deflector anchor plates in front of the sunroofs were not bonded properly to the cars. A loose deflector can detach and interfere with the roof as it closes. If the owner tries to force the roof closed, it can fly off. ● A labor union that has demonstrated against Walmart has asked the Arkansas Supreme Court to reverse a judge’s decision barring it from entering the retail giant’s property for anything other than shopping. An attorney for the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union said the National Labor Relations Board, not the Benton County judge, should have jurisdiction over the matter. Walmart had sought the order in response to the group demonstrating and picketing at its stores over pay and benefits. ● Nissan said it had completed a deal to take a controlling stake in Mitsubishi and would retain the embattled automaker’s chief executive in a bid to help it recover from a mileage cheating scandal. Carlos Ghosn, who heads Nissan and Renault, will become chairman of Mitsubishi, while Osamu Masuko will remain the chief executive. Nissan is coming to the rescue of Mitsubishi after its admissions about improperly measuring fuel economy and manipulating test data. The two companies have said that they plan to maintain separate identities, brands and dealerships. ● American Airlines, the world’s biggest carrier, reported that third-quarter earnings fell 56 percent and would have dropped further if not for low fuel prices. The company earned $737 million, down from $1.69 billion a year earlier. Revenue slipped 1 percent, but costs rose 5 percent. American was still able to claim that it beat expectations. Excluding non-repeating costs, mostly related to its 2013 merger with US Airways, the company said it would have earned $1.76 a share. That topped the $1.67 forecast by analysts. — From news services Coming Today ● 10 a.m.: State unemployment data. ● Earnings: McDonald’s, Daimler. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 SEC chair to step down, clearing path for Trump to eliminate tough Wall Street regulations 2 The potentially severe consequences of Trump’s deportation plans 3 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 4 Trump just dropped a big hint to the pharmaceutical industry 5 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare Market Watch DJIA 0.11% NASDAQ -0.36% Get quote Last Update: 4:15 PM 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Mobile Wearable Tech In solar-panel battle, Target's beating Walmart In solar-panel battle, Target's beating Walmart US corporations are getting into renewable energy, with the two retailing giants leading the way in solar capacity. In solar-panel battle, Target's beating Walmart 0 Share: Wearable Tech by Jessica Dolcourt October 20, 2016 1:54 PM PDT @jdolcourt Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Target and Walmart are two big-box stores getting into solar energy.Photo by John Greim, LightRocket via Getty Images When it comes to US companies installing solar panels on their buildings, Target is in the lead. That's the top takeaway from a Solar Energy Industries Association report this week on companies that use sun-siphoned energy for their buildings. Interestingly, Apple is the only tech company to make the top 10. It comes in at No. 4, while Intel and Verizon come in at Nos. 14 and 15, respectively. Together, the top companies using solar energy have installed cells that can capture more than 1 gigawatt of energy, says the SEIA report. That's enough to power 193,000 homes. Although Walmart has more cells installed, it's Target that wins in bang for the buck with the highest capacity: 147 megawatts compared to Walmart's 145 MW. Target plans to add rooftop solar panels to 500 stores by 2020, the company says on its website. Walmart, meanwhile, aims to procure "7 billion kilowatt-hours of renewable energy" by the same year, a move it says is equivalent to taking 1.5 million cars off the road. [Via Electrek.co] Tags Wearable Tech Related Stories Here's what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like The dream of the no-charge watch: Matrix PowerWatch claims to run on your body heat (hands-on) Get a Moto 360 Sport watch for $119.99 Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: In solar-panel battle, Target's beating Walmart Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals Classifieds Classified Ads Local Deals About Us Community October 20, 2016 4:56 PM Myrtle Beach-area organizations need your help i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Volunteer/donations: The Red Cross is in need of volunteers to help with sheltering, feeding and operational support. Visit RedCross.org/SC and click on volunteer to start their application. Donations are needed to help people affected by Hurricane Matthew by calling 1-800-Red Cross or texting the word Matthew to 90999 to make a $10 donation. Donations: Local Olive Garden partners with Carolina Forest High School students for hurricane Matthew food drive. Bring non-perishable canned and boxed items to Olive Garden, 73 Rodeo Drive, Myrtle Beach before Oct. 31. 843-236-7997 Volunteers: Neighbor to Neighbor seeks volunteers who enjoy public speaking, marketing or event planning. We meet at 3 p.m. on Wednesdays at 921 N. Kings Highway, Myrtle Beach. 843- 839-0702 ext. 106 or farrah@gracefullyaging.org Donations: The Grand Strand Detachment of the Marine Corps League is in need of various sized children’s sleeping for children from homeless families. 843-235-1328 for pick up of the donated item. Checks may be sent to Help4Kids, 2523 Forest Brook Road, Myrtle Beach, SC 29588. Please mark in the memo line, Sleeping Bags. Volunteers/donations: Samaritan’s Purse the international Christian relief organization is in need of volunteers to clean out flood-damaged homes, tarp roofs and remove trees downed by the hurricane-force winds from hurricane Matthew. To help or to volunteer, go to spvolunteernetwork.org. Donations for the flood relief efforts can be made at samaritanspurse.org. Donations: Myrtle Beach Penn State club to host Christmas “Toys for Tots” collection with a kick off on Oct. 22 and will continue through Nov.19, at Milardo’s Pizzeria and Pub, 3264 U.S.17 S., Murrells Inlet. Collection boxes will be set up for anyone wishing to donate. Toys need to be new and unwrapped for either a boy or girl ages 2 through 12. All collected toys will be picked up by the Marines from the Grand Strand Detachment of the Marine Corps League and will be delivered to a distribution center where volunteers from Horry County will sort by age and gender. Volunteers: Museum of Coastal Carolina and Ingram Planetarium is seeking volunteers to work at the Museum of Coastal Carolina in Ocean Isle Beach and Ingram Planetarium in Sunset Beach. Both facilities are open three days a week. Volunteers work in shifts and can sign up to work at the front desk, the gift shop, or (museum only) the touch tank and special events. All volunteers receive training from staff members. 910-579-1016 or vol.cord@museumplanetarium.org. Volunteers: Literacy Tutors are needed to work with young scholars in Freedom Readers After School Literacy Program. Tutors are trained in the skills needed to work effectively at keeping young scholars interested, motivated, and having fun as they learn. Our mid-session training will be held 10 a.m.-noon Oct. 22, the Georgetown Library, 405 Cleland St. Freedom Readers meets weekly after school and during the summer, at various sites in Horry and Georgetown counties. 843-331-8526 or visit freedomreaders.org to submit a volunteer application. Volunteers: Help4Kids is in need of volunteers for food drive to be held 8:30 a.m.-4 p.m. Nov. 19 at Wal-Mart in Garden City Beach, on the Connector between U.S. 17 Business and U.S. 17 Bypass, Surfside Beach on S.C. 544 and U.S. 17 Bypass, North Myrtle Beach at Gator Hole. 843-651-4310 or info@help4kidssc.org. Volunteers: SCORE provides free business mentoring services to help new and existing entrepreneurs grow their businesses. Would you like to be a SCORE volunteer? We have members who volunteer their time mentoring new and existing businesses, as well as teaching workshops/presentations, fundraising, and more. Previous business management, skills, or ownership experience is preferred. Apply at www.score.org/volunteer. Volunteers: Meals on Wheels of Horry County is in need of drivers to deliver meals to those in need in the Little River, Conway, and Myrtle Beach areas. If you have an hour and a half one day per week to help, 843-340-5982 or visit www.mowhc.org. Donations: Tara Hall Home for Boys is in need of cash donations to maintain our program of care, discipline, education and family for the boys in our care. Gift cards are a big help. Donations can be mailed to P.O. Box 955, Georgetown, SC 29442. 843-546-3000 Donations: The South Carolina Youth Advocate Program serves foster youth in the area. They are in need of school supplies, bunk beds, car seats, diapers, Wal-Mart or Target gift cards and monetary donations. Drop off donations or mail checks to 148 Elk Drive, Unit 4, Murrells Inlet, SC 29576. 843-238-9691 or lwatson@scyap.com Donations: Family Outreach is in need of baby formula, new or gently used infant, toddler, and children’s clothing newborn to size 5, infant and children’s socks, toddler and children’s underwear-new only, baby wash/lotion, baby bottles, diaper rash cream, baby nail clippers, nasal bulb, brushes/combs, copy paper, new book bags and school supplies. 843-234-2350 Donations: North Strand Housing Shelter is in need of paper towels, cleaning supplies, HE laundry detergent liquid or pods, heavy-duty, plastic forks, knives and spoons. Drop off donations at Mattress Direct, 587 U.S. 17, North Myrtle Beach or the shelter, 2335 S.C. 9 W., Longs. Also, in need of volunteers. 843-756-9488 or 843-421-4135. Donations: Friends of Surfside Library need paperback or hardback books, children’s books, puzzles, DVDs and CDs for monthly book sale. Leave at the circulation desk or 843-238-5869 or 843-238-5032 for pick up. No textbooks, magazines or encyclopedia. Donations: Humane Society of North Myrtle Beach is in need of paper towels, white and colored computer paper, kitten and puppy food, treats for dogs and cats, kitty litter, cat toys, pet beds, collars and leashes, bleach, dish and laundry soap. Donations can be dropped off at 409 Bay St. or 843-249-4948 or nmbhumanesociety@gmail.com Donations: The Salvation Army food pantry is in need of vegetables, soups, fruits, canned meats, cereals, pasta, rice, peanut butter, jelly, juice, and personal hygiene products. All nonperishable and hygiene items may be dropped off at any of the Horry County Family Store locations. Perishable items needed are hot dogs, ground beef and chicken; should only be dropped off at Food Pantry, 1415 Second Ave., Conway. 843-488-2769 or donation pickup 843-381-8080 Donations: All 4 Paws hears the voices of abandoned animals in our community. Clorox wipes, Dawn dishwashing detergent, HE laundry detergent, tall kitchen and 55-gallon garbage bags, Pine Sol, and paper towels. Items can be dropped off at: 708 Petigru Road, Pawleys Island. Visit All4PawsSC.org to volunteer, adopt or foster. Donations: Keep Our Pets Food Bank is in need of dry cat/dog food, wet cat/dog food, cat/dog treats, cat litter, beds - all sizes, toys and puppy pads. Call 843-651-0778 or keepourpetsfoodbank@yahoo.com. Items can be dropped off at 4764 U.S. 17 Bypass S., Murrells Inlet. Donations: The Friends of the North Myrtle Beach Library are accepting used books for its resale book racks. Please drop the books off at the library during regular library hours at 910 First Ave. S. The proceeds are used to purchase items for the library. 843-915-5281 Volunteers/donations: Sav-R-Cats is in need of volunteers to clean and maintain adoption center. Donations in need of HE laundry soap, window cleaner, paper towels, Purina Naturals cat food and monetary donations are always needed. 843-222-8057 Volunteers/donations: Bikini Beach Cat Rescue needs members of the community to become involved in the organization. Donations of money or time would be greatly appreciated. We help community residents with low-cost spay/neuters. If you have the time, please volunteer. We desperately need a grant writer, trappers, crates and people who can help with fundraisers and have ideas on ways to raise money. 843-655-7881 Volunteers/donations: Kind Keeper Animal Rescue is in need of volunteers for kennel clean up, office help, and event helpers. Donations needed are cleaning supplies, cat litter, canned dog and cat food, treats and more. View complete list on kindkeeper.org. 843-855-1398 or kindkeeper@yahoo.com. Volunteers/donations: Kare Team Sanctuary is in need of volunteers who are passionate about the rescue and rehabilitation of our canine friends. We need people who can commit to one or two afternoons per week for two to three hours. Foster homes are also needed. Donations of food, treats and/or toys, cleaning supplies and more are always needed. 843-399-9290 Volunteers/donations: Whiskers Animal Rescue and Sanctuary is looking for volunteers to help clean and maintain the cat sanctuary and kitten nursery, update social media sites, help with grant writing, foster and/or help with adoption events, craigslist sales of donated items, and fundraising. Donation needs are bleach, laundry detergent, wet and dry Friskies, Costco, Sam’s or Wal-Mart gift cards and used van. Kitty condos, scratching posts always welcome. We collect clean aluminum cans for recycling to raise funds to support the sanctuary. Located in the Loris area (just 4 miles from S.C. 22 and S.C. 905). 843-455-6199 or daren@warssc.org. Donations/volunteers: The Myrtle Beach Shore Birds, area representatives for the Quilt of Valor Foundation, are accepting monetary donations or patriotic fabric to make and award a comforting and healing quilt to give to service members and veterans. One quilt can cost up to $250 to complete. Your tax-deductible gifts buys fabric for quilt tops and backing, and pays for batting. We are looking for quilters to make tops and longarmers to quilt the tops. 843-902-7584 and jwobb@aol.com Information The Saturday Wish List is a place for nonprofit organizations or clubs to list their current needs. We will not publish anything regarding the exchange of labor for money or the exchange of items for money. The deadline is 5 p.m. Tuesdays. Submissions must be sent in on a weekly basis. Call the voicemail at 843-626-0282 or email features@thesunnews.com. Leave your name and contact information. Compiled by Lisa Urban. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Community Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:55 Beach Ride Diaries: Team Noah Pause 2:15 Double R Farms in Aynor faces another year of devastation 1:26 View from the South Carolina State Fair Skyglider 3:02 She wants to be the first deaf ‘Top Chef’ 0:41 Myrtle Beach International Airport upgrades radar technology 1:14 Dog helps rescue man trapped in hole 1:33 The week ahead for Myrtle Beach: Nov. 14 - Nov. 20 1:17 Teacher returns to Rowlett after bout with breast cancer 1:33 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 11.13 1:15 Obama on Gwen Ifill: She was an extraordinary journalist Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:23 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:59 a year ago Billy Roberts talks old times at Myrtle's Market 1:27 2 years ago Conway wets down brand-new fire engine in ceremony and pushes truck into new home View more video Community Area groups, nonprofits can submit holiday wish lists for publication Myrtle Beach-area birth announcements Health, helping others and more events in the Myrtle Beach area | Save the Date Grand Strand Newsmakers Holiday closings for Veterans Day Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Carl Monday asking questions after Instagram case dropped - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps See it. Snap it. Send it. Seen on 19 News CLE43 Focus National/Int'l News State News Election 2016 Trending Stories The Buzz: Entertainment News Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports Tailgate 19 High School Sports Cleveland Indians Fifth Quarter On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns Local Cavaliers coverage VIDEO Your Health Race for the Cure Northeast Ohio 2016 Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs : Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Do you have a story for Cleveland 19 News? Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Meet the Team Advertise Carl Monday asking questions after Instagram case dropped 2016-10-20T18:58:02Z2016-10-21T11:44:13Z By Carl Monday Email Connect cmonday@woio.com Follow @CarlMonday19 Carl Monday approaches Big Twan. (Source: WOIO) Big Twan's Instagram account. (Source: WOIO) (Source: WOIO) Case closed letter from prosecutor. (Source: WOIO) Big Twan at Drug Mart. (Source: WOIO) GARFIELD HEIGHTS, OH (WOIO) - “I am not a sexual predator.” That’s what a local man tells me, months after a Garfield Heights mom accused him of luring her 12-year old daughter on Instagram. Antoine Mills admits he goes by “Big Twan 146,” and that it’s his picture that appears on the often sexually laced Instagram messages. But Mills insists it was someone else who stole his identity and posted the messages. Back in May, I detailed how Jami Jones posed as her daughter on Instagram, after she says authorities failed to follow up on her complaint against “Big Twan 146.” In an on-camera interview initiated by Mills in September, the 41-year-old former Walmart worker said “I do not bother kids. I don’t mess with kids.” “Was that you?” I asked. “No, no.” “Positive?” “Positive,” replied Mills. When reminded his picture appeared on the posts, Mills said “Anybody can get my Instagram pictures.” For over six months, we have been trying to get someone from ICAC, the Internet Crimes Against Children unit and the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor’s Office that operates it, to comment on the case.  As I reported earlier, ICAC Investigators, also posing as the young girl, suddenly stopped communicating with “Big Twan 146” and warned the mom to do the same, suggesting she might be entrapping the message sender.  But the messages continued.  And when the “Big Twan 146” began sending pictures of his anatomy, the mom began engaging again as her 12-year-old daughter Jamice. By May, “Big Twan 146” began hinting that he wanted to meet the girl face to face. “Please let me be your first, Jamice, and you will never forget it,” one message promised. Jami, still acting as her daughter, then agreed to meet “Big Twan 146” at a Euclid Discount Drug Mart, and alerted us. On May 13 shortly after 2 p.m., we went undercover and watched as a green Infinity pulled into the Drug Mart Parking lot.  Who did we see sitting in the driver’s seat? The real Antoine Mills. When we aired the report in May, we covered Mills’ face and didn’t mention his name. Mills now admits it was him who showed up at Drug Mart. But months later, he still has trouble explaining what he was doing there. I asked Mills, if he wasn’t in contact with the girl, how did he end up at Drug Mart on that day? “Now that’s the thing,” he replied.  “I don’t know how that came about.”  “There are 1.5 million people in the Greater Cleveland area,” I pointed out.  “Who shows up at Drug Mart but you.”  “Yeah, that was me at Drug Mart,” said Mills. “But I didn’t meet no girl. I didn’t meet no one. I was just sitting there, playing my music.” Mills revealed that he was interviewed by ICAC investigators last spring. They also searched his personal computer and asked him about the pornographic pictures. “I told them, if you want me to, you can bring the pictures right here and I will drop my pants and I will show you.” ICAC declined the offer. Mills says ICAC told him, if they don’t contact him again, that he was in the clear. He says he never heard from them again. “I don’t like the young kids,” Mills reassured me. “I have four daughters of my own.” Then he turned to the camera with a message for the mom:  “Jami Jones, I don’t want your daughter. I never wanted your daughter.” But Jami Jones still isn’t buying what Mills is selling. “I actually witnessed him that day that he was caught on tape (by Cleveland 19).  Him sitting, waiting for like at least 15 minutes for my daughter to show up.” As much as skepticism Jami has for Mills, she has even more criticism for ICAC and the County Prosecutor. “What I did is what any parent would do. Especially if I continuously see this man trying to get my daughter. And If I’m seeing negligence six weeks, three months and they haven’t even tried to contact him or respond to any of his messages, what am I to think?” Recently, the prosecutor’s office sent a letter to Jami, saying “It has not found sufficient credible evidence to pursue criminal charges.” As far as the prosecutor is concerned, the case is closed. Not so for the mom who says her daughter was stalked by an Instagram predator. “It’s closed to them, but I’m going to do whatever I got to do to try and get this situation resolved,” vowed Jami. “I’m not going to let him do this to another child.” FROM OHIO ICAC: Chat rooms, social media, file sharing, and mobile apps have become extremely popular for children in today’s society. Unfortunately, this technology can be dangerous to children, either through their own actions or their interactions with others.  The internet has created a virtual playground that has allowed individuals to hide their true identity while gaining access to a variety of personal information. In the wrong hands, this information can be used to harass, threaten or intimidate children, further putting them at risk.  The 2010 Youth Internet Safety Survey (YISS) conducted by The Crimes Against Children Research Center revealed that 97% of children ages 10-17 were using the internet from home and 47% of youth were using the internet from their cell phones. Child pornography is created worldwide and is readily available on the Internet to those who actively seek it. Anyone can purchase a computer, gain Internet access and immediately begin collecting and distributing child pornography. Once a pedophile possesses this contraband, he/she can quickly contact children through social media accounts and chat rooms. The scope of this problem is significant: the research center also found that in 2010 approximately 1 in every 11 children using the internet received an unwanted sexual solicitation. Over time, these pedophiles gather personal information from their intended victims and, in the worst cases, may go to great lengths and expense to meet their victims face-to-face. These meetings often result in kidnapping and sexual assault. New child pornography is generated frequently from these assaults, repeating this destructive cycle. Related links: Carl Monday helps mom with suspected Instagram predator Report Online Predators & Child Pornography Instagram Tips for Parents Ohio Internet Crimes Against Children offers safety tips for parents Ohio Internet Crimes Against Children offers safety tips for kids Ohio ICAC Internet Safety Tips to Parents Infographic Ohio ICAC Internet Safety Tips for Teens Infographic  Instagram Privacy and Safety Tips: Download the Cleveland 19 News app.  Copyright 2016 WOIO. All rights reserved. Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> Gas prices fall again, giving Ohio some of nation's lowest Gas prices fall again, giving Ohio some of nation's lowest Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 3:20 PM EST2016-11-14 20:20:27 GMT Gas prices falling again. (Source: WOIO) Ohio has some of the lowest gas prices in the country to the start the week. More >> Ohio has some of the lowest gas prices in the country to the start the week.More >> 2016 set to break heat record despite slowdown in emissions 2016 set to break heat record despite slowdown in emissions Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 1:37 PM EST2016-11-14 18:37:35 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 1:37 PM EST2016-11-14 18:37:35 GMT Worldwide emissions of heat-trapping carbon dioxide have flattened out in the past three years, a new study showed Monday, raising hopes that the world is nearing a turning point in the fight against climate change.More >> Global temperatures are soaring toward a record high this year, the U.N. weather agency said Monday, while another report showed emissions of a key global warming gas have flattened out in the past three years.More >> Black Friday ads: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Sears, Kohl's, Sam's Black Friday ads: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Sears, Kohl's, Sam's Updated: Saturday, November 12 2016 7:29 PM EST2016-11-13 00:29:03 GMT Black Friday shoppers are saving up for the big deals. This year Walmart’s Black Friday ad features a number of tech products like TVs -- all sizes, laptops and video games. More >> Black Friday shoppers are saving up for the big deals. This year Walmart’s Black Friday ad features a number of tech products like TVs -- all sizes, laptops and video games.More >> Man flies to Cleveland for acorns from Jesse Owens tree Man flies to Cleveland for acorns from Jesse Owens tree Posted: Saturday, November 12 2016 12:52 PM EST2016-11-12 17:52:55 GMT Man flies to Cleveland for acorns from Jesse Owens tree. (Source: WOIO) Cleveland school officials say a museum curator recently gathered acorns and buds from an oak tree planted at a Cleveland high school in honor of Olympic hero Jesse Owens. More >> Cleveland school officials say a museum curator recently gathered acorns and buds from an oak tree planted at a Cleveland high school in honor of Olympic hero Jesse Owens.More >> Special salute to Veterans Special salute to Veterans    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Oconee Co. deputies looking for Walmart shoplifting suspects - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decision 2016 Slideshows Viewer Pics Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 Oconee Co. deputies looking for Walmart shoplifting suspects 2016-10-20T17:58:49Z2016-10-20T18:05:02Z By Aneliz Baltazar Email Connect michelle.baltazar@foxcarolina.com Shoplifting Suspects (Source: Oconee Co. Sheriff's Office) WALHALLA, SC (FOX Carolina) - The Oconee County Sheriff’s Office is seeking the help of the community to solve a shoplifting that happened Oct. 16 at the Seneca Walmart at 1636 Sandifer Boulevard, and to identify two individuals who authorities suspect are related to the case. After an investigation, deputies said a male and a female purchased a few items and then proceeded out of the store. The female then reportedly got into a car and drove the vehicle to one of the exits whereupon the male loaded a mini motorcycle bike, with a retail value of around $528.94, into the vehicle. The individuals are accused of leaving without paying for the items. Anyone with information about the case is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC or 864-638-STOP. All information given is confidential. Deputy says that a tip that leads to an arrest can be eligible for a cash reward.  Copyright 2016 FOX Carolina (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. Local NewsLocalMore>> Breaking Pee Dee counties under air quality alert due to wildfires Pee Dee counties under air quality alert due to wildfires Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:01 PM EST2016-11-15 00:01:37 GMT Source: WMBF News The National Weather Service has issued an air quality alert for Pee Dee counties in reference to the numerous wildfires within the southern Appalachian Mountain region.More >> The National Weather Service has issued an air quality alert for Pee Dee counties in reference to the numerous wildfires within the southern Appalachian Mountain region.More >> Actor Daniel Baldwin joins local fight against heroin epidemic Actor Daniel Baldwin joins local fight against heroin epidemic Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:46 PM EST2016-11-14 23:46:28 GMT Actor Daniel Baldwin, standing, addresses a group during a meeting about heroin recovery. (Source: Lisa Gresci) Each day, law enforcement faces the reality of the heroin epidemic nationwide. Now, the question that needs to be answered is how do residents come together as a community and stop this epidemic. More >> Each day, law enforcement faces the reality of the heroin epidemic nationwide. Now, the question that needs to be answered is how do residents come together as a community and stop this epidemic.More >> Breaking Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:29 PM EST2016-11-14 23:29:46 GMT Old Heafner Tire facility, tire storage unit (Source: Whitney Phelan) Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:28 PM EST2016-11-14 23:28:36 GMT Bennie Swans said more communication is needed to tackle gun violence (Source: Amy Lipman) Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough. More >> Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough.More >> Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:16 PM EST2016-11-14 22:16:47 GMT Horry County officers received letters from students thanking them for their work during Hurricane Matthew. (Source: HCPD Facebook page) Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >> Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:24 AM EST2016-11-14 15:24:47 GMT (Credit: KMOV). Megan Hendricks (left) and Robert Burnette (right) have been arrested and charged for allegedly abusing their 6-month-old son. Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Posted: Wednesday, November 9 2016 4:49 PM EST2016-11-09 21:49:14 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:07 PM EST2016-11-15 00:07:53 GMT Source: WGCL Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014. More >> Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal Chili's removes manager who took away vet's meal Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 7:47 PM EST2016-11-15 00:47:36 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 7:47 PM EST2016-11-15 00:47:36 GMT The parent company of Chili's says it wants to make things right after a veteran had his free meal taken away on Veterans Day. More >> The president of the Chili's restaurant chain says the manager who took away a veteran's free Veterans Day meal has been "removed" from the job.More >> Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 2:39 PM EST2016-11-14 19:39:48 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 3:09 PM EST2016-11-14 20:09:50 GMT Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> 4 tigers found living in woman's home 4 tigers found living in woman's home Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:10 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:09 GMT Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing. More >> Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing.More >> Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-14 05:27:16 GMT image: space.com The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night. More >> The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night.More >> Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:26 AM EST2016-11-14 15:26:10 GMT Michael Fine (Source: Lorain County Jail) Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >> Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >> In complete reversal, Obama refuses to criticize Trump In complete reversal, Obama refuses to criticize Trump Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 6:47 PM EST2016-11-14 23:47:38 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:47 PM EST2016-11-14 23:47:38 GMT It was supposed to be his grand valedictory tour. Now President Barack Obama must use his last major trip abroad to try to calm shocked world leaders about the outcome of the U.S. election, and what comes next when...More >> President Barack Obama on Monday abandoned his dire warnings and dark predictions about his newly elected successor and urged Americans to give President-elect Donald Trump time to rise to the daunting responsibilities of...More >> Artist group claims responsibility after black figures found hanging at Winthrop's Tillman Hall Artist group claims responsibility after black figures found hanging at Winthrop's Tillman Hall Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:10 PM EST2016-11-14 22:10:38 GMT (Photos provided to WBTV) Winthrop University campus police say they are investigating the display of "abstract black spray-painted figures hanging from branches of a nearby tree." More >> Winthrop University campus police say they are investigating the display of "abstract black spray-painted figures hanging from branches of a nearby tree." More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Carl Monday asking questions after Instagram case dropped - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps See it. Snap it. Send it. Seen on 19 News CLE43 Focus National/Int'l News State News Election 2016 Trending Stories The Buzz: Entertainment News Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports Tailgate 19 High School Sports Cleveland Indians Fifth Quarter On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns Local Cavaliers coverage VIDEO Your Health Race for the Cure Northeast Ohio 2016 Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs : Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Do you have a story for Cleveland 19 News? Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Meet the Team Advertise Carl Monday asking questions after Instagram case dropped 2016-10-20T18:58:02Z2016-10-21T11:44:13Z By Carl Monday Email Connect cmonday@woio.com Follow @CarlMonday19 Carl Monday approaches Big Twan. (Source: WOIO) Big Twan's Instagram account. (Source: WOIO) (Source: WOIO) Case closed letter from prosecutor. (Source: WOIO) Big Twan at Drug Mart. (Source: WOIO) GARFIELD HEIGHTS, OH (WOIO) - “I am not a sexual predator.” That’s what a local man tells me, months after a Garfield Heights mom accused him of luring her 12-year old daughter on Instagram. Antoine Mills admits he goes by “Big Twan 146,” and that it’s his picture that appears on the often sexually laced Instagram messages. But Mills insists it was someone else who stole his identity and posted the messages. Back in May, I detailed how Jami Jones posed as her daughter on Instagram, after she says authorities failed to follow up on her complaint against “Big Twan 146.” In an on-camera interview initiated by Mills in September, the 41-year-old former Walmart worker said “I do not bother kids. I don’t mess with kids.” “Was that you?” I asked. “No, no.” “Positive?” “Positive,” replied Mills. When reminded his picture appeared on the posts, Mills said “Anybody can get my Instagram pictures.” For over six months, we have been trying to get someone from ICAC, the Internet Crimes Against Children unit and the Cuyahoga County Prosecutor’s Office that operates it, to comment on the case.  As I reported earlier, ICAC Investigators, also posing as the young girl, suddenly stopped communicating with “Big Twan 146” and warned the mom to do the same, suggesting she might be entrapping the message sender.  But the messages continued.  And when the “Big Twan 146” began sending pictures of his anatomy, the mom began engaging again as her 12-year-old daughter Jamice. By May, “Big Twan 146” began hinting that he wanted to meet the girl face to face. “Please let me be your first, Jamice, and you will never forget it,” one message promised. Jami, still acting as her daughter, then agreed to meet “Big Twan 146” at a Euclid Discount Drug Mart, and alerted us. On May 13 shortly after 2 p.m., we went undercover and watched as a green Infinity pulled into the Drug Mart Parking lot.  Who did we see sitting in the driver’s seat? The real Antoine Mills. When we aired the report in May, we covered Mills’ face and didn’t mention his name. Mills now admits it was him who showed up at Drug Mart. But months later, he still has trouble explaining what he was doing there. I asked Mills, if he wasn’t in contact with the girl, how did he end up at Drug Mart on that day? “Now that’s the thing,” he replied.  “I don’t know how that came about.”  “There are 1.5 million people in the Greater Cleveland area,” I pointed out.  “Who shows up at Drug Mart but you.”  “Yeah, that was me at Drug Mart,” said Mills. “But I didn’t meet no girl. I didn’t meet no one. I was just sitting there, playing my music.” Mills revealed that he was interviewed by ICAC investigators last spring. They also searched his personal computer and asked him about the pornographic pictures. “I told them, if you want me to, you can bring the pictures right here and I will drop my pants and I will show you.” ICAC declined the offer. Mills says ICAC told him, if they don’t contact him again, that he was in the clear. He says he never heard from them again. “I don’t like the young kids,” Mills reassured me. “I have four daughters of my own.” Then he turned to the camera with a message for the mom:  “Jami Jones, I don’t want your daughter. I never wanted your daughter.” But Jami Jones still isn’t buying what Mills is selling. “I actually witnessed him that day that he was caught on tape (by Cleveland 19).  Him sitting, waiting for like at least 15 minutes for my daughter to show up.” As much as skepticism Jami has for Mills, she has even more criticism for ICAC and the County Prosecutor. “What I did is what any parent would do. Especially if I continuously see this man trying to get my daughter. And If I’m seeing negligence six weeks, three months and they haven’t even tried to contact him or respond to any of his messages, what am I to think?” Recently, the prosecutor’s office sent a letter to Jami, saying “It has not found sufficient credible evidence to pursue criminal charges.” As far as the prosecutor is concerned, the case is closed. Not so for the mom who says her daughter was stalked by an Instagram predator. “It’s closed to them, but I’m going to do whatever I got to do to try and get this situation resolved,” vowed Jami. “I’m not going to let him do this to another child.” FROM OHIO ICAC: Chat rooms, social media, file sharing, and mobile apps have become extremely popular for children in today’s society. Unfortunately, this technology can be dangerous to children, either through their own actions or their interactions with others.  The internet has created a virtual playground that has allowed individuals to hide their true identity while gaining access to a variety of personal information. In the wrong hands, this information can be used to harass, threaten or intimidate children, further putting them at risk.  The 2010 Youth Internet Safety Survey (YISS) conducted by The Crimes Against Children Research Center revealed that 97% of children ages 10-17 were using the internet from home and 47% of youth were using the internet from their cell phones. Child pornography is created worldwide and is readily available on the Internet to those who actively seek it. Anyone can purchase a computer, gain Internet access and immediately begin collecting and distributing child pornography. Once a pedophile possesses this contraband, he/she can quickly contact children through social media accounts and chat rooms. The scope of this problem is significant: the research center also found that in 2010 approximately 1 in every 11 children using the internet received an unwanted sexual solicitation. Over time, these pedophiles gather personal information from their intended victims and, in the worst cases, may go to great lengths and expense to meet their victims face-to-face. These meetings often result in kidnapping and sexual assault. New child pornography is generated frequently from these assaults, repeating this destructive cycle. Related links: Carl Monday helps mom with suspected Instagram predator Report Online Predators & Child Pornography Instagram Tips for Parents Ohio Internet Crimes Against Children offers safety tips for parents Ohio Internet Crimes Against Children offers safety tips for kids Ohio ICAC Internet Safety Tips to Parents Infographic Ohio ICAC Internet Safety Tips for Teens Infographic  Instagram Privacy and Safety Tips: Download the Cleveland 19 News app.  Copyright 2016 WOIO. All rights reserved. Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> Gas prices fall again, giving Ohio some of nation's lowest Gas prices fall again, giving Ohio some of nation's lowest Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 3:20 PM EST2016-11-14 20:20:27 GMT Gas prices falling again. (Source: WOIO) Ohio has some of the lowest gas prices in the country to the start the week. More >> Ohio has some of the lowest gas prices in the country to the start the week.More >> 2016 set to break heat record despite slowdown in emissions 2016 set to break heat record despite slowdown in emissions Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 1:37 PM EST2016-11-14 18:37:35 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 1:37 PM EST2016-11-14 18:37:35 GMT Worldwide emissions of heat-trapping carbon dioxide have flattened out in the past three years, a new study showed Monday, raising hopes that the world is nearing a turning point in the fight against climate change.More >> Global temperatures are soaring toward a record high this year, the U.N. weather agency said Monday, while another report showed emissions of a key global warming gas have flattened out in the past three years.More >> Black Friday ads: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Sears, Kohl's, Sam's Black Friday ads: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Sears, Kohl's, Sam's Updated: Saturday, November 12 2016 7:29 PM EST2016-11-13 00:29:03 GMT Black Friday shoppers are saving up for the big deals. This year Walmart’s Black Friday ad features a number of tech products like TVs -- all sizes, laptops and video games. More >> Black Friday shoppers are saving up for the big deals. This year Walmart’s Black Friday ad features a number of tech products like TVs -- all sizes, laptops and video games.More >> Man flies to Cleveland for acorns from Jesse Owens tree Man flies to Cleveland for acorns from Jesse Owens tree Posted: Saturday, November 12 2016 12:52 PM EST2016-11-12 17:52:55 GMT Man flies to Cleveland for acorns from Jesse Owens tree. (Source: WOIO) Cleveland school officials say a museum curator recently gathered acorns and buds from an oak tree planted at a Cleveland high school in honor of Olympic hero Jesse Owens. More >> Cleveland school officials say a museum curator recently gathered acorns and buds from an oak tree planted at a Cleveland high school in honor of Olympic hero Jesse Owens.More >> Special salute to Veterans Special salute to Veterans    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Hide this Hours, Minutes and Seconds left until Entrepreneur 360™ Long Beach - Limited Seating Available Register Now Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise E360 Event Subscribe 11 min read How to Start a Small Business These Entrepreneurs Succeeded -- But Only After Failing Once Before For a second act success, credit lessons learned at early go-arounds. Entrepreneur Sébastien Dupéré of Dupray knows how to blow off steam. Image credit: David Yellen Michelle Goodman Contributor Current Issue Subscribe now October 20, 2016 This story appears in the October 2016 issue of Startups. Subscribe » Sébastien Dupéré thought he’d stumbled on a winning idea with Les Dégommeurs. At first blush, the steam-cleaning business -- which Dupéré launched with two friends in 2006 -- looked successful. Customers were happy with their service, which removed gum and other gunk from public places such as the airport and theaters. References kept new business rolling in. Les Dégommeurs had one big problem: While it was bringing in a ton of cash, a lot of it was lost due to an inefficient operation. Compounding the issue, the Montreal ’treps had no strategy to remedy that. “We really didn’t market ourselves in a way that was conducive to growing our business,” Dupéré says. “We were taking one job here, another job there -- we didn’t have a clear and concise business plan.” Related: Why This Fabric House Looks Like a Science Lab In 2008, after two years of stumbling along, Dupéré and his cofounders sold the company and took stock of lessons learned. Later that year, they scrapped their original business idea and opened a more profitable one, Dupray, which sells home, commercial and industrial steam cleaners and steam irons. Today the company brings in $13 million a year in revenue, selling to individuals, restaurants, hotels, hospitals, auto dealers and real estate and construction companies in North America and Europe. Dupéré is no anomaly. Behind many successful entrepreneurs lies the rubble of a promising venture that hit a wall or, worse, went out of business. Some may see it as a rite of passage. Others call it myopic stupidity by founders who don’t know any better. But whatever happened, the outcome is a tested and hardened business­person with the experience to make everything that comes afterward work. Follow their lead, and perhaps you can skip the painful parts and go straight to success. Find your true customers Selling a product that no one wants to pay for is the granddaddy of business killers. That was PreferredTime’s problem. The Boston-based software platform made it easy for Big Pharma sales reps to set up meetings with doctors too busy to answer their messages. Doctors and reps loved the service. According to founder Stefania Mallett, a third of U.S. pharmaceutical reps used it. Investors were enthralled, too, so much so that they poured $5.6 million into the venture from 2004 to 2007. There was a catch, however: Although reps could obtain more of PreferredTime’s features through a $25 monthly subscription, most of them were happy to stick with the platform’s free version. And it didn’t help that three years into it, the startup had yet to sign up enough doctors and reps to turn a profit. “Our biggest mistake was that it was a ‘boil the ocean’ company,” Mallett says of the business model that chased scale over profits. “We would have needed a much bigger investment to reach a profit.” Mallett pulled the plug in 2007, but she was able to salvage her next venture from PreferredTime’s remains, forming ezCater. The idea evolved from pharma reps’ repeated requests for her to build a simple way to provide meals for their meetings with doctors. The catering platform, which lets businesses order meals for any meeting, opened its doors a week after PreferredTime went dark. Mallett not only enlisted many of PreferredTime’s pharma reps as early testers but also won them as paying customers. This time Mallett has raised $35 million from investors. Today the 160-employee internet company connects startups and Fortune 500s in nearly 23,000 U.S. cities with caterers who can provide meals for on-site and off-site meetings. The platform partners with more than 47,000 restaurants and caterers that clients like Google, Microsoft, Uber and Verizon can choose from. “And it all started because we failed at something else,” Mallet says. For Mark Carpenter, the hard-fought lesson of his first venture was that undercutting the competition on price isn’t necessarily a winning long-term business strategy. He bought Whatco Roofing and Sheet Metal in Tualatin, Ore., back in 1981 to cater to commercial builders who needed roofing. No repairs, no custom work, no residential jobs -- easy, he thought. “But it was all contractors looking for the cheapest possible bid,” Carpenter says. And lowball bids meant he couldn’t give customers his best work, which also meant most didn’t hire him a second time. Five years in and $300,000 in debt, Carpenter liquidated the company and took a day job. We have customers who have been with us for 20 years and continue to hire us.”  -- Mark Carpenter,Columbia Roofing In 1996, Carpenter decided to try owning a business again, launching Columbia Roofing & Sheet Metal. This time, instead of focusing on new construction, he offered repairs, reroofing, sheet metal work, seismic retrofitting and other custom services to commercial building owners. All the while, he stuck to his pricing, refusing to play the lowball game. “There are people who shop at Nordstrom for its quality and service, and people who shop at Walmart for its prices,” Carpenter says. By earning the trust of the Nordie’s crowd, he’s built a $10 million company with customers in Oregon, Washington, Idaho and California. “We have customers that have been with us for 20 years and continue to hire us.” Embrace efficiency By his own admission, one of the biggest lessons Dupéré learned from Les Dégommeurs was the need to automate scheduling, payments and customer communications. “We were booking appointments by scribbling them down on paper, whiteboards and even napkins,” Dupéré says of his failed steam-cleaning service. “We definitely didn’t utilize the full power of our smartphones.” Related: The Right (and Wrong) Ways to Track Your Company's Performance Sometimes the company’s schedulers would alert the cleaning team to the day’s jobs by text or email. Other times the cleaners wouldn’t know they needed to be across town in mere minutes until they arrived at the office. Cleaners often showed up late to appointments; sometimes they missed them altogether. “That’s a level of unprofessionalism that’s unacceptable,” Dupéré says. “It’s the type of thing that hurts your business.” This is what success looks like: Dupéré at home in Montreal.   The company’s need to be paid in cash or by check didn’t help either. Checks were lost or misplaced, forcing Dupéré to go through the mortifying task of asking a customer for a new check. And without any database or customer relationship management software, Les Dégommeurs had no uniform way to stay in touch with customers, offer them periodic promotions or follow up on new leads. Dupéré was determined to avoid those same mistakes when he launched Dupray. He wasted no time investing in CRM, scheduling, payment, project management and other productivity software. “Technology keeps us organized,” he says, which has helped him manage 30 employees in six countries. “It keeps us in complete control of our hours, where we have to be, what we have to do and who we have to see.” Jeff Platt, CEO of Sky Zone Trampoline Park, takes organization one step further, using his CRM technology for customer feedback, which he in turn relies on to make sure his business is as profitable as possible. At the start of the year, Platt began using an email survey application that customers can complete after visiting one of Sky Zone’s activity parks scattered around the globe. Besides writing reviews, customers rate each park on the fun factor, perceived value and likelihood of recommending it to friends. Low-gravity area: Sky Zone Trampoline Park.   “An app on my phone lets me see how our customers score us across all our locations,” Platt says. Armed with this real-time feedback daily, he can make adjustments to his business immediately. Complaints about the old, dingy bathroom at one of his parks quickly led to a $15,000 renovation. Reviews of the location improved, as did revenue. Likewise, repeated requests for more park activities convinced Platt to add climbing walls and ninja warrior courses to various locations, features that cost $25,000 to $300,000 apiece to build. But for Platt, the resulting five-star reviews of the upgraded spaces justified the expense. “It doesn’t matter what you think as a business owner,” Platt says. “It only matters what the customer thinks. And when you’re not getting that feedback in your face every day, you won’t take action.” This is a far cry from how Platt operated in his previous business, a 17,000-square-foot trampoline arena for professional athletes that his father spent two years and $2.5 million building only to realize there wasn’t enough of an audience for the acrobatic sport he had dreamed up and hoped to popularize. In contrast, Sky Zone, which his father originally founded in 2006, now operates 150 trampoline parks around the world, with annual revenues of roughly $315 million. Pick your partners well Your business is only as good as the team you assemble. Marco Perry learned this firsthand when forming his product design firm with friends in 2001. All five partners were highly creative designers, but they didn’t have a business bone among them. Their growth strategy was nonexistent. Same goes for their accounting, forecasting, sales and marketing expertise. “We had no complementary skills, no clearly defined roles or responsibilities,” Perry says. “There was no real path to success. We tried a little bit of everything to see what would stick. We were basically masters of none.” Perry admits that this amalgam of designers was little more than a freelance collective or a glorified coworking arrangement. By 2005, after four years of treading water, the partners disbanded. Perry struck out on his own, this time with his wife, who had an MBA, and another partner. They founded Pensa, the Brooklyn-based product design and invention firm he runs today. Thanks to his new cofounders, Perry now had partners who compensated for his operational blind spots. He had a business plan, a brand and a clear road to profitability. It was the smartest move of his career. Today the 16-employee firm makes millions of dollars annually (Perry won’t be more specific), working with clients like OXO, Pepsi and Google and developing everything from smart baby monitors to high-end urban bicycles. This same approach to partners applies to investors, according to Robert Thompson, founder and CEO of Punch Bowl Social, a U.S. chain of gastrodiners -- gaming venues that feature farm-fresh food, craft drinks and games like bowling, shuffleboard, pinball and Skee-Ball. “Not all money is good money,” he says. “There are a lot of pirates out there.” Punch Bowl Social aims to perfect the idea of "eatertainment."   Thompson should know. Before launching his “eatertainment” company in 2012, the Denver-based entrepreneur spent the better part of a decade running Cocktail Concepts, a restaurant company he founded that at its height ran six eateries in three states. But in the early 2000s, one restaurant he had self-financed went under. Another saw a 60 percent drop in customers. Suddenly, keeping the doors open put Thompson neck-deep in debt. To make matters worse, one of his investors attempted to gain control of the company. “I had a pirate in my midst,” Thompson says. “I found myself not only trying to save my business but trying to figure out a way to step outside the traps this guy was laying for me. I was fighting a war on two fronts.” Related: 4 Strategies to Suss Out How Much Your CEO Should Be Paid In 2004, Thompson shuttered Cocktail Concepts and declared bankruptcy, losing his home and cars in the process. He credits the offending investor with helping escalate his company’s fall, a tough blow he is determined to not repeat. With Punch Bowl Social, he diligently researched each of the angel investors who put up the $4.3 million he used to launch the business. He’d learned the hard way that his business and his home depended on it. It has paid off. The company claims each of its current locations earns $7 million to $8 million in annual revenue. “You really need to have a meeting of the minds with your investors before you allow them in,” Thompson says. “Otherwise, you can spend more time protecting your company than you do running it, and that’s bad for everyone.” Michelle Goodman Michelle Goodman is a Seattle-based freelance journalist and author of The Anti 9-to-5 Guide. Read more Failure Second Acts Starting a Business How to Start a Small Business Get the Magazine Limited-Time Offer: 1 Year Print + Digital Edition and 2 Gifts only $9.99 Subscribe Now Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Conference Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Subscribe Now! 49°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Feedback Submit an Event More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Records Opinion Entertainment Video cars815.com eEdition Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Custom-built for the Sauk Valley Motorcycle shop finds a new home in Rock Falls Published: Thursday, Oct. 20, 2016 1:20 p.m. CST • Updated: Friday, Oct. 21, 2016 8:39 a.m. CST Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Todd Felder (left) and Chuck McCarty have moved Elite Custom Cycle from Clinton, Iowa, to 1911 New High St. in Rock Falls. The business partners know the competition will be more intense in the Sauk Valley, but they say they're not worried. "We're doing something different here, and I know we can find our niche," said Felder, a Sterling native. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Elite Custom Cycle offers clothing to go along with the custom motorcycles they help create at 1911 New High St. in Rock Falls. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Elite Custom Cycle has moved from Clinton, Iowa, to 1911 New High St. in Rock Falls. The transition to the new shop at should be complete by Nov. 1. By PAM EGGEMEIER peggemeier@saukvalley.com 815-625-3600, ext. 5570 @pam_eggemeier ROCK FALLS – Elite Custom Cycle still is in the process of moving from Iowa to Rock Falls, but for its owners, the Sauk Valley always has felt like home. Todd Felder was born and raised in Sterling, and Chuck McCarty, a native of the Melrose Park area, has lived in Rock Falls for several years. Felder and McCarty opened the custom motorcycle shop about a year ago in Clinton, but both have other full-time jobs, and their busy schedules dictated they cut down on their commuting times. Felder works at the Citgo Refinery in Lemont, while McCarty scrambled from Clinton to his transportation management job at the Walmart Distribution Center. “Business was good in Clinton, but Rock Falls is my hometown, and it was just a matter of logistics – I couldn’t keep losing 2 hours a day in transit,” McCarty said. The competition will be more intense in the Sauk Valley, but the owners say they aren’t worried. “We’re doing something different here, and I know we can find our niche,” Felder said. “We work with 40 different parts companies, and we can get everything in fast.” The transition to the new shop at 1911 New High St. should be complete by Nov. 1. Hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday, but it won’t be unusual to find customers hanging out at the store much later. Felder said custom bike building always has been a big part of his family’s life, while McCarty’s passion for the business is relatively new. “My dad, uncles and I have always been involved in motorcycles, and I’ve had one ever since I was old enough to ride it,” Felder said. Felder’s customizing skills were born of necessity – he learned how to do it himself because he couldn’t afford to have someone else do the work. McCarty met his business partner 4 years ago through Felder’s wife, who works with McCarty at the distribution center. “Todd did some customizing work for me, and I fell in love with it,” McCarty said. “The business relationship has been great, because there was a high level of trust almost instantly.” McCarty said he brings more of a computer-oriented organizational element to the table, making sure the parts are ordered and the bills get paid. Felder showed off one bike he’s particularly proud of – a 30-inch-wheel custom bagger with a CVO Harley-Davidson engine and 110-cubic-inch motor that weighs more than 1,000 pounds. It generally takes him about 2 months to finish his bigger projects. While Harley-Davidson reigns as king of the custom biking world, Felder works on everything from Harleys to mopeds. There is more to the business than the building services. “We want to be the one-stop shop for bikers, where you can come in off the road and get anything from a kickstand to jackets, glasses, and boots,” McCarty said. There are two huge containers full of used parts that the shop sometimes even gives away, although most customers insist on throwing in a few bucks. The shop is the only registered Dirty Bird Concepts dealer within a 1-hour radius. The apparel side of the business will continue to grow. An expansive counter is being built that will include catalogs from which customers can order just about anything related to biking. The location in Rock Falls was a lure for the owners. Right off U.S. 30 and near I-88, the shop is easily accessible for bikers on the move. “This is a big-city-driven business – we get a lot of people out of Peoria, Chicago, and the Quad Cities,” Felder said. “The whole custom scene is just blowing up, and we should be able to get people riding cross-country.” Although the shop isn’t officially open yet, the owners are seeing an increasing number of people pop in while they are getting things organized. A grand opening event will be delayed until late spring, when biking season in the Midwest is getting revved up. If the font on the signage looks familiar, that’s because Felder also owns Elite Auto Sales at 815 First Ave. in Rock Falls. NEW BUSINESS What: Elite Custom Cycle Where: 1911 New High St., Rock Falls Owners: Todd Felder and Chuck McCarty Hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday; opens Nov. 1 Contact: Call 815-213-3575, fax 815-213-7208 Online: elitecustomcycle.com (site still in development); find Elite Custom Cycle on Facebook. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page Related Links He wants to bring it all together for development Retailers expand digital deals for Black Friday shoppers Filtration company launches new 'Museum' kits available for youth education Morrison to honor volunteerism They built their business from the ground up More News Retailers expand digital deals for Black Friday shoppersNov. 13, 2016 - 11:08 pm Filtration company launches newNov. 12, 2016 - 1:15 am 'Museum' kits available for youth educationNov. 12, 2016 - 1:15 am They built their business from the ground upNov. 11, 2016 - 12:56 pm Sterling native his expands Napa holdings to PrincetonNov. 11, 2016 - 1:02 pm Wheel alignmentNov. 8, 2016 - 9:12 am Comments National video Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll What do you think of the people who have marched in U.S. cities to protest Donald Trump’s election as president? I support them I oppose them Not sure No opinion    Show results About Us | Contact Us | eEdition | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Find Local Cars Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2016 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Selective thief pries open Walmart registers, takes over $2,100, police say walmart copy.jpg Police are seeking these two men seen in store surveillance video for allegedly taking part in prying open three cash registers at Walmart in Pennsville and stealing more than $2,100 in cash. (Pennsville Police Department) Print Email Bill Gallo Jr. | For NJ.com By Bill Gallo Jr. | For NJ.com Today's Sunbeam Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 20, 2016 at 1:59 PM, updated October 20, 2016 at 3:13 PM comments PENNSVILLE TWP. — Police are seeking two men allegedly involved in a case where unattended cash registers at the local Walmart were pried open and more than $2,000 in cash taken. Pennsville police say the thief seen in video surveillance at the registers was selective in what he took — only grabbing $50 and $20 bills from the open tills. According to police, on Oct. 9 around 7:50 p.m. two elderly men were captured on surveillance video entering the South Broadway store. The video then shows one of the men going behind unattended cash registers and using some type of tool to pry open the cash drawers, police said. Three drawers were opened and over $2,100 removed, police said, but only $20 and $50 bills were taken. Probation for man in copper thefts The man seen taking the money was described as an elderly black male, 60 to 70 years old, with white/gray hair, wearing dark-rimmed glasses, dressed in dark pants, tan shoes and a blue or charcoal gray hooded zip-up sweatshirt. Two men who allegedly pried open three cash registers at the Pennsville Walmart on Oct. 9 are being sought by police. The men allegedly left Walmart in a vehicle like this, police said. (Pennsville Police Department)  The second suspect is described as an elderly black male wearing dark-rimmed glasses, blue jeans, tan shoes, a dark-colored shirt, a dark brown leather jacket and a black leather-type cap. This suspect used a cane, police said. The pair was captured on surveillance cameras after the theft leaving in what police say appears to be an early 1990's model silver Lincoln Town Car. Police are not sure what state the car is registered in. Authorities did not say what role the second suspect, who was not seen on the video taking money, played in the theft. Anyone with information on the pair are asked to call Pennsville Police Department's Det. Gibison at 856-678-3089 Ext. 504. Bill Gallo Jr. may be reached at bgallo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow Bill Gallo Jr. on Twitter @bgallojr. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read Photos from South Jersey Times N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Man accused of choking stranger's baby at Kansas store By Associated Press Published: 13:24 EST, 20 October 2016 | Updated: 13:24 EST, 20 October 2016 e-mail OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (AP) — A former pastor is accused of trying to choke a 4-month-old baby he didn't know at a Kansas City-area Wal-Mart. The Kansas City Star (http://bit.ly/2eacJPj ) reports prosecutors in Kansas' Johnson County charged 54-year-old Oleh Zhownirovych (OH'-lay zow-nur-VIK') of Clinton, New Jersey, with felony aggravated battery and misdemeanor battery. It was not immediately clear if Zhownirovych has an attorney. Overland Park police say a man walked up to a woman who was in a checkout lane early Wednesday and began choking her baby. The woman screamed, and the man stopped. Police say people in the store helped the woman and held the man until officers arrived. The baby was not injured. Investigators say the man possibly was under the influence of drugs or alcohol. ___ Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Meghan Markle's words to her TV lover may not be well Suited to real life relationships if her potential father-in-law is anything to go by, says EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Football Frenzy Local Sports MLB NFL NCAA Football Auto Racing Golf NBA NHL NCAA Hoops Full Court Press College Football Challenge Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries College Football Challenge Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 55° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 41° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines K-State To Introduce New President Tuesday Updated: 33 mins ago Breeze Richardson, spokeswoman for the Kansas Board of Regents, said arrangements are being made to have the nominated president at the even… Pittsburg man arrest for Linn County murders Updated: 59 mins ago David Mcnabb, 31, of Pittsburg was arrested for the murders of Betty Mcnabb, 87, and her son, Kenneth Mcnabb, 65, both of Pleasanton. David … Georgia man guilty in death of toddler son left in hot SUV 2:57 pm FBI report: Hate crimes increase against Muslims Updated: 7 mins ago List of stores closed on Thanksgiving 2:19 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 55° F Clear Feels Like: 55° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 42° F Sunrise: 7:05 AM Sunset: 5:09 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Football Frenzy Local Sports MLB NFL NCAA Football Auto Racing Golf NBA NHL NCAA Hoops Full Court Press College Football Challenge Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Washburn accepts invitation to Mineral Water Bowl November 13, 2016 Washburn’s season is not quite over. The 7-4 Ichabods have accepted a bid to play in the Mineral Water Bowl where they will play Bemidji Sta… Emporia State draws home playoff matchup with Minnesota-Duluth November 13, 2016 (ESU Athletics) – For the second straight year and third time in the last four seasons, the Emporia State football team will be going to the… Kansas women’s soccer outlasts Mizzou in double overtime 5:19 pm Despite struggle, Chiefs rally to beat Panthers November 13, 2016 Logano wins Phoenix as he and Kyle Busch complete final 4 7:28 am Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries College Football Challenge Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Topekan’s make challenging climb 5:03 pm TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – Athletes of all skill levels took to the stairs in Topeka Saturday. The city played host to its fifth annual Tower and… Businesses offer special deals for Veterans Day November 10, 2016 As we thank our veteran’s throughout the day for their service to our country, a variety of local restaurants and businesses are offering sp… Update: One suspect identified in officer-involved shooting November 7, 2016 Blizzard Bash 2016 coming to Kansas Expocentre November 4, 2016 Emporia State eyes ninth straight win this weekend November 3, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 55° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 41° F New Jersey man accused of choking stranger’s baby at store By Associated Press Published: October 20, 2016, 12:11 pm Updated: October 21, 2016, 8:50 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage Stranger arrested for choking baby at Kansas City-area Walmart OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (AP) — A former New Jersey pastor is accused of trying to choke a 4-month-old baby he didn’t know at a Kansas City-area Walmart. The Kansas City Star reports that prosecutors in Kansas’ Johnson County charged 54-year-old Oleh Zhownirovych of Clinton, New Jersey, is charged with felony aggravated battery and misdemeanor battery. It was not immediately clear if Zhownirovych has an attorney. Overland Park police say a man walked up to a woman who was in a checkout lane early Wednesday and began choking her baby. The woman screamed, and the man stopped. Police say people in the store helped the woman and held the man until officers arrived. The baby was not injured. Investigators say the man possibly was under the influence of drugs or alcohol.   Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Stranger arrested for choking baby at Kansas City-area Walmart Lawrence man expected in court again for leaving baby in dumpster Man charged with murder in infant’s sexual assault death Woman accused of trying to extort money from ex-Gov. Spitzer Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
Shows A Agents of SHIELD The Amazing Race America’s Got Talent American Crime Story American Horror Story Arrow Shows B The Bachelor The Bachelorette Ballers The Big Bang Theory Big Brother The Blacklist Blindspot Blue Bloods Bull Shows C – E Chicago Fire Chicago Med Chicago PD Criminal Minds Dancing with the Stars Daredevil Divorce Doctor Who Empire Shows F – G Fear the Walking Dead The Fall The Flash The Fosters Game of Thrones Girl Meets World Gotham Grey’s Anatomy Shows H – L Halt and Catch Fire Hawaii Five-0 Ink Master Jessica Jones The Last Ship Law & Order: SVU Legends of Tomorrow Longmire Luke Cage Shows M – N Madam Secretary Major Crimes MasterChef Mr. Robot NCIS NCIS: Los Angeles NCIS: New Orleans The Night Shift Shows O – R Once Upon a Time Orange is the New Black Outlander Poldark Power Preacher Pretty Little Liars Quantico Real Housewives Shows S Scorpion Shark Tank Sherlock SNL Stranger Things Suits Supergirl Supernatural Survivor Shows T – Z Teen Wolf The 100 Timeless Vice Principals Vikings The Voice The Walking Dead Westworld X Factor UK CarterMatt.com TV News, Interviews, Spoilers, Reviews, and More What’s Hot TV News Spoilers Reviews Interviews Ratings Subscribe Mrs Carter ‘Superstore’ mascot surprises, ‘Rocky Horror Picture Show’ on FOX, Tom Cruise’s career October 20, 2016 by Leave a Comment With the final presidential debate in the rear view mirror, the TV remote can take a much needed rest and return to regularly scheduled broadcasting. Besides the typical political specials and the lead up to the actual election, the focus of television programming will be on programs. Music to your ears, right? ‘Superstore’ mascot eats people? NBC’s hilarious sitcom That #Superstore mascot sure is a people person! pic.twitter.com/V9VOHxk4We — Superstore (@NBCSuperstore) October 17, 2016 The “Superstore” sitcom on NBS is sidesplitting funny. If you’ve ever gone into a Walmart or a big department store and asked yourself how to employees deal with outrageous customers, then this is the show you need to be watching. As a super fan, I just wish I could be a customer at this store (I’d even bring my list from home) as I would love to eavesdrop on this crew. Which brings me to the “Superstore” mascot. It’s hilarious on so many levels and this week the mascot shared a little love online.  Catch “Superstore” on Thursday night at 8 p.m. The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Let’s Do the Time Warp Again Feeling nostalgic? Tonight on FOX viewers can enjoy “The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Let’s Do the Time Warp Again” special. Reviews of the show are calling it an energetic redo of the 1975 musical and an update of the 1975 original. Fans of the idea are excited to get a chance to see a new version with a contemporary spin. If you find yourself drawn to this fun show (either the classic or the new version) pop yourself some popcorn and find yourself a comfy spot for tonight’s program starting at 8 p.m. ‘Late, Late Show’ reenacts Tom Cruise’s career Tom Cruise showed once again he can act, even if that means reliving highlights of his own career. On the “Late, Late Show with James Corden” the actor acted out snippets of his legendary film career. So many movies to choose from! There were scenes from “Top Gun” to the “Mission: Impossible” series and even Cuba Gooding Jr. stopped by for a scene in “Jerry MacGuire” to share the most famous line from the film: “Show me the money.” And finally… Television quotes Last night I was researching a project and came across this quote. It made me realize that perhaps some of the best moments have been found on television when a character babbles out a line for the world to hear. Then again, maybe they share just a little too much. Obviously, this quote is definitely the latter, but it’s still quite hilarious. “I mean, I can’t compete with these geisha features. He looks like a panda and a Disney princess had a baby.” — Glenn on “Superstore” (played by actor Mark McKinney) This column was written by Jodi Jill. Be sure to follow her on Facebook and Twitter! (Photo: NBC) Want more TV news sent to your email every week? Sign up for our CarterMatt Newsletter! Filed Under: TV News Tagged With: Jodi Jill, Late Late Show, Rocky Horror Picture Show, Superstore Follow Matt Carter Follow @MattCarterMedia Follow Jessica Carter Follow @DangerGirl101 Follow Us Recent News ‘Madam Secretary’ season 3, episode 6 review: Matt makes a statement without making one ‘Big Brother OTT’ spoilers: Who won the final 6 Power of Veto? ‘Quantico’ season 2 taking cues from Presidential election, and potentially shifting focus DWTS News ‘Cosby Show’ returns to TV, ‘DWTS’ semifinals, David Blaine’s crazy card tricks, Gary Sinise builds homes for Vets ‘Dancing with the Stars 23’ results preview: Will Terra Jole, Jane Kramer, or someone else be eliminated? ‘Dancing with the Stars 23’ rankings: Will Laurie Hernandez, Calvin Johnson, James Hinchcliffe reach finale? ‘Scorpion’ Updates ‘Scorpion’ season 3, episode 8 video: Sylvester prepares to meet Walter, Megan’s family ‘Scorpion’ season 3, episode 7 review: Walter, Happy face revelations amidst election chaos ‘Scorpion’ season 3, episode 8 preview: Walter, Sylvester look back on Megan’s life Important Links Home About Us Privacy Policy Advertise Contact Us Recent Review ‘Madam Secretary’ season 3, episode 6 review: Matt makes a statement without making one Featured Interview ‘Chicago Med’ interview: Torrey DeVitto on Natalie’s goals, more ‘carefree’ place © 2016 · CarterMatt.com. This site uses cookies to store data and improve user experience. By visiting this site, you consent to have cookie data stored. Read more here.
Hide this Hours, Minutes and Seconds left until Entrepreneur 360™ Long Beach - Limited Seating Available Register Now Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise E360 Event Subscribe 11 min read How to Start a Small Business These Entrepreneurs Succeeded -- But Only After Failing Once Before For a second act success, credit lessons learned at early go-arounds. Entrepreneur Sébastien Dupéré of Dupray knows how to blow off steam. Image credit: David Yellen Michelle Goodman Contributor Current Issue Subscribe now October 20, 2016 This story appears in the October 2016 issue of Startups. Subscribe » Sébastien Dupéré thought he’d stumbled on a winning idea with Les Dégommeurs. At first blush, the steam-cleaning business -- which Dupéré launched with two friends in 2006 -- looked successful. Customers were happy with their service, which removed gum and other gunk from public places such as the airport and theaters. References kept new business rolling in. Les Dégommeurs had one big problem: While it was bringing in a ton of cash, a lot of it was lost due to an inefficient operation. Compounding the issue, the Montreal ’treps had no strategy to remedy that. “We really didn’t market ourselves in a way that was conducive to growing our business,” Dupéré says. “We were taking one job here, another job there -- we didn’t have a clear and concise business plan.” Related: Why This Fabric House Looks Like a Science Lab In 2008, after two years of stumbling along, Dupéré and his cofounders sold the company and took stock of lessons learned. Later that year, they scrapped their original business idea and opened a more profitable one, Dupray, which sells home, commercial and industrial steam cleaners and steam irons. Today the company brings in $13 million a year in revenue, selling to individuals, restaurants, hotels, hospitals, auto dealers and real estate and construction companies in North America and Europe. Dupéré is no anomaly. Behind many successful entrepreneurs lies the rubble of a promising venture that hit a wall or, worse, went out of business. Some may see it as a rite of passage. Others call it myopic stupidity by founders who don’t know any better. But whatever happened, the outcome is a tested and hardened business­person with the experience to make everything that comes afterward work. Follow their lead, and perhaps you can skip the painful parts and go straight to success. Find your true customers Selling a product that no one wants to pay for is the granddaddy of business killers. That was PreferredTime’s problem. The Boston-based software platform made it easy for Big Pharma sales reps to set up meetings with doctors too busy to answer their messages. Doctors and reps loved the service. According to founder Stefania Mallett, a third of U.S. pharmaceutical reps used it. Investors were enthralled, too, so much so that they poured $5.6 million into the venture from 2004 to 2007. There was a catch, however: Although reps could obtain more of PreferredTime’s features through a $25 monthly subscription, most of them were happy to stick with the platform’s free version. And it didn’t help that three years into it, the startup had yet to sign up enough doctors and reps to turn a profit. “Our biggest mistake was that it was a ‘boil the ocean’ company,” Mallett says of the business model that chased scale over profits. “We would have needed a much bigger investment to reach a profit.” Mallett pulled the plug in 2007, but she was able to salvage her next venture from PreferredTime’s remains, forming ezCater. The idea evolved from pharma reps’ repeated requests for her to build a simple way to provide meals for their meetings with doctors. The catering platform, which lets businesses order meals for any meeting, opened its doors a week after PreferredTime went dark. Mallett not only enlisted many of PreferredTime’s pharma reps as early testers but also won them as paying customers. This time Mallett has raised $35 million from investors. Today the 160-employee internet company connects startups and Fortune 500s in nearly 23,000 U.S. cities with caterers who can provide meals for on-site and off-site meetings. The platform partners with more than 47,000 restaurants and caterers that clients like Google, Microsoft, Uber and Verizon can choose from. “And it all started because we failed at something else,” Mallet says. For Mark Carpenter, the hard-fought lesson of his first venture was that undercutting the competition on price isn’t necessarily a winning long-term business strategy. He bought Whatco Roofing and Sheet Metal in Tualatin, Ore., back in 1981 to cater to commercial builders who needed roofing. No repairs, no custom work, no residential jobs -- easy, he thought. “But it was all contractors looking for the cheapest possible bid,” Carpenter says. And lowball bids meant he couldn’t give customers his best work, which also meant most didn’t hire him a second time. Five years in and $300,000 in debt, Carpenter liquidated the company and took a day job. We have customers who have been with us for 20 years and continue to hire us.”  -- Mark Carpenter,Columbia Roofing In 1996, Carpenter decided to try owning a business again, launching Columbia Roofing & Sheet Metal. This time, instead of focusing on new construction, he offered repairs, reroofing, sheet metal work, seismic retrofitting and other custom services to commercial building owners. All the while, he stuck to his pricing, refusing to play the lowball game. “There are people who shop at Nordstrom for its quality and service, and people who shop at Walmart for its prices,” Carpenter says. By earning the trust of the Nordie’s crowd, he’s built a $10 million company with customers in Oregon, Washington, Idaho and California. “We have customers that have been with us for 20 years and continue to hire us.” Embrace efficiency By his own admission, one of the biggest lessons Dupéré learned from Les Dégommeurs was the need to automate scheduling, payments and customer communications. “We were booking appointments by scribbling them down on paper, whiteboards and even napkins,” Dupéré says of his failed steam-cleaning service. “We definitely didn’t utilize the full power of our smartphones.” Related: The Right (and Wrong) Ways to Track Your Company's Performance Sometimes the company’s schedulers would alert the cleaning team to the day’s jobs by text or email. Other times the cleaners wouldn’t know they needed to be across town in mere minutes until they arrived at the office. Cleaners often showed up late to appointments; sometimes they missed them altogether. “That’s a level of unprofessionalism that’s unacceptable,” Dupéré says. “It’s the type of thing that hurts your business.” This is what success looks like: Dupéré at home in Montreal.   The company’s need to be paid in cash or by check didn’t help either. Checks were lost or misplaced, forcing Dupéré to go through the mortifying task of asking a customer for a new check. And without any database or customer relationship management software, Les Dégommeurs had no uniform way to stay in touch with customers, offer them periodic promotions or follow up on new leads. Dupéré was determined to avoid those same mistakes when he launched Dupray. He wasted no time investing in CRM, scheduling, payment, project management and other productivity software. “Technology keeps us organized,” he says, which has helped him manage 30 employees in six countries. “It keeps us in complete control of our hours, where we have to be, what we have to do and who we have to see.” Jeff Platt, CEO of Sky Zone Trampoline Park, takes organization one step further, using his CRM technology for customer feedback, which he in turn relies on to make sure his business is as profitable as possible. At the start of the year, Platt began using an email survey application that customers can complete after visiting one of Sky Zone’s activity parks scattered around the globe. Besides writing reviews, customers rate each park on the fun factor, perceived value and likelihood of recommending it to friends. Low-gravity area: Sky Zone Trampoline Park.   “An app on my phone lets me see how our customers score us across all our locations,” Platt says. Armed with this real-time feedback daily, he can make adjustments to his business immediately. Complaints about the old, dingy bathroom at one of his parks quickly led to a $15,000 renovation. Reviews of the location improved, as did revenue. Likewise, repeated requests for more park activities convinced Platt to add climbing walls and ninja warrior courses to various locations, features that cost $25,000 to $300,000 apiece to build. But for Platt, the resulting five-star reviews of the upgraded spaces justified the expense. “It doesn’t matter what you think as a business owner,” Platt says. “It only matters what the customer thinks. And when you’re not getting that feedback in your face every day, you won’t take action.” This is a far cry from how Platt operated in his previous business, a 17,000-square-foot trampoline arena for professional athletes that his father spent two years and $2.5 million building only to realize there wasn’t enough of an audience for the acrobatic sport he had dreamed up and hoped to popularize. In contrast, Sky Zone, which his father originally founded in 2006, now operates 150 trampoline parks around the world, with annual revenues of roughly $315 million. Pick your partners well Your business is only as good as the team you assemble. Marco Perry learned this firsthand when forming his product design firm with friends in 2001. All five partners were highly creative designers, but they didn’t have a business bone among them. Their growth strategy was nonexistent. Same goes for their accounting, forecasting, sales and marketing expertise. “We had no complementary skills, no clearly defined roles or responsibilities,” Perry says. “There was no real path to success. We tried a little bit of everything to see what would stick. We were basically masters of none.” Perry admits that this amalgam of designers was little more than a freelance collective or a glorified coworking arrangement. By 2005, after four years of treading water, the partners disbanded. Perry struck out on his own, this time with his wife, who had an MBA, and another partner. They founded Pensa, the Brooklyn-based product design and invention firm he runs today. Thanks to his new cofounders, Perry now had partners who compensated for his operational blind spots. He had a business plan, a brand and a clear road to profitability. It was the smartest move of his career. Today the 16-employee firm makes millions of dollars annually (Perry won’t be more specific), working with clients like OXO, Pepsi and Google and developing everything from smart baby monitors to high-end urban bicycles. This same approach to partners applies to investors, according to Robert Thompson, founder and CEO of Punch Bowl Social, a U.S. chain of gastrodiners -- gaming venues that feature farm-fresh food, craft drinks and games like bowling, shuffleboard, pinball and Skee-Ball. “Not all money is good money,” he says. “There are a lot of pirates out there.” Punch Bowl Social aims to perfect the idea of "eatertainment."   Thompson should know. Before launching his “eatertainment” company in 2012, the Denver-based entrepreneur spent the better part of a decade running Cocktail Concepts, a restaurant company he founded that at its height ran six eateries in three states. But in the early 2000s, one restaurant he had self-financed went under. Another saw a 60 percent drop in customers. Suddenly, keeping the doors open put Thompson neck-deep in debt. To make matters worse, one of his investors attempted to gain control of the company. “I had a pirate in my midst,” Thompson says. “I found myself not only trying to save my business but trying to figure out a way to step outside the traps this guy was laying for me. I was fighting a war on two fronts.” Related: 4 Strategies to Suss Out How Much Your CEO Should Be Paid In 2004, Thompson shuttered Cocktail Concepts and declared bankruptcy, losing his home and cars in the process. He credits the offending investor with helping escalate his company’s fall, a tough blow he is determined to not repeat. With Punch Bowl Social, he diligently researched each of the angel investors who put up the $4.3 million he used to launch the business. He’d learned the hard way that his business and his home depended on it. It has paid off. The company claims each of its current locations earns $7 million to $8 million in annual revenue. “You really need to have a meeting of the minds with your investors before you allow them in,” Thompson says. “Otherwise, you can spend more time protecting your company than you do running it, and that’s bad for everyone.” Michelle Goodman Michelle Goodman is a Seattle-based freelance journalist and author of The Anti 9-to-5 Guide. Read more Failure Second Acts Starting a Business How to Start a Small Business Get the Magazine Limited-Time Offer: 1 Year Print + Digital Edition and 2 Gifts only $9.99 Subscribe Now Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Conference Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:53 P.M. ET Tech CEO placed on leave for threatening to kill Trump: report 7:47 P.M. ET Giuliani Discusses How to Implement President Elect Trump’s Ideas 7:39 P.M. ET Trump reportedly seeking top-secret security clearance for his kids 7:34 P.M. ET Veteran Journalist Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries How free returns on online purchases are crippling retailers By Tonya Garcia Published: June 4, 2016 10:10 a.m. ET Share Returns are a significant part of the ‘ghost economy’ that e-commerce has produced Getty Images The high cost of returns has more to do with handling than shipping By TonyaGarcia Reporter Anyone who has shopped for clothing online has done it --- ordered more items than they really want with the intention of sending some back. E-commerce has made it easy for consumers to be indecisive without financial consequence --- at least for the shopper. For retailers, it’s a different story. Free shipping and returns are not just about the cost of getting things from one place to another. “Items need to be removed and inspected, people opening the boxes have to have additional training on quality control,” said Brandon Levey, chief executive of Stitch Labs, an inventory management software company. “If it’s too damaged they need to write it off. The delay of getting something back could impact inventory. All these things add to cost.” Now retailers have to find ways to reel in the price of a perk that customers have come to take for granted. See also: Wal-Mart to test last mile delivery service with Uber, Lyft Amazon to Expand Private Label Lines(3:31) Amazon will soon roll out new lines of private-label brands that will include perishable foods. WSJ deputy tech editor Brian Fitzgerald joins Tanya Rivero to discuss. Photo: AP According to research released this week by Body Labs, a company that uses technology to collect and organize information about human body shapes, poses and movement, 23% of all clothing purchased online is returned. Another 22% of apparel purchased in-store is returned. The apparel market is a $1.2 trillion global industry, according to numbers quoted by Body Labs, with U.S. consumers spending $250 billion annually. IHL Group, a research and advisory firm serving the retail and hospitality industries, tallied $642.6 billion in worldwide returns in research published in 2015. Reasons range from defects or poor quality ($162 million) to wrong sizing ($62.4 billion), buyer’s remorse ($88.7 billion) and return fraud ($28.2 billion). Most returns are carried out in stores. In some cases, such as when items are returned for late delivery or because they didn’t match a description, it’s exclusively an e-commerce issue. The mountain of returns, along with out-of-stocks and overstocks plaguing retailers have given rise to what IHL Group calls a “ghost economy.” “Many in e-commerce have said, ‘We’re going to do free returns,’ Greg Buzek, president of IHL Group, told MarketWatch. “That’s just the cost of doing business.” Free shipping and returns have become commonplace primarily because of the rise of e-commerce. Retailers who sell exclusively online such as giant Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -2.70%   are typically initially focused on acquiring customers, and without feeling pressure to be profitable immediately, have tended to offer pricey perks. Returns are a big part of what IHL Group calls a “ghost economy,” costs that are tied to inefficiencies in certain retail processes. “The fact that they lost money was irrelevant,” said Antony Karabus, the chief executive of HRC Advisory, a retail consultancy. “Traditional retailers felt they had to match that. I don’t think they realized the implications of this free return policy. It was all about the customer rather than how much this was going to cost.” But it’s not just the shipping activity that raises costs. “It’s the handling, the broken boxes, the cleaning of the item,” said Karabus. “And what if an item comes back two or three weeks later and the peak season has passed?” Offering free returns eats up dollars in a retail industry that has already seen quarterly earnings take a hit. See also: Since no one is buying clothes, here’s what stores are selling instead “Retailers cannot afford it,” said Karabus. “It’s not sustainable.” One solution is to reconfigure fulfillment centers to better handle returns, which would also come with a price tag. Technology upgrades would also help. Another issue that is specific to apparel is fit and sizing. In 2015, $62.4 billion worth of apparel and footwear was returned due to incorrect sizing, according to Body Labs. An upgrade that allowed an e-commerce site gather more customer information to deliver apparel better suited to the customer would help, said Jon Cilley, who has the title of chief evangelist at Body Labs. One other option is to change the rules. Many retailers are trying to challenge Amazon on its terms, rather than by making the most of the advantage they have: brick-and-mortar stores, said HRC’s Karabus. In-person customer service is an advantage that can’t be replicated online. See also: Target is the latest retailer to feel the ‘Amazon effect’ Retailers can change consumer expectations, by setting a deadline for returns, for example,and levying a surcharge for items received after that date. However, retailers have “got to be very careful with modifying the rules,” said Karabus. Customers are unlikely to quietly accept that once-free services will come at a charge. It may be better to be more strategic about services going forward. “Be mindful of additional services you offer to the consumer, particularly when you mix online and offline,” said Stitch Labs’ Levey, who notes that even offering the option to buy online, pick up in-store comes with its own set of inventory issues. “Over the next few years, there’s going to have to be a rebalancing of consumer expectations and what these companies can provide,” he said. More from MarketWatch Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Anti-Trump Protests Continue for Fourth Day Should Parents Engage Their Young Teen in Arguments? Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $719.07 -19.94 (-2.70%) Volume 7.2M Open $745.51 High $746.00 Low $710.10 P/E Ratio 164.76 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 351.2B LatestNews
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Crime & Courts October 20, 2016 11:14 AM Wichita police vehicle tire punctured at Walmart The Wichita eagle File photo i By Gabriella Dunn gdunn@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Wichita police are searching for a person who punctured the tire of a Wichita police patrol car that was parked in a Walmart lot at the southeast corner of Kellogg and Greenwich.   The incident occurred around 11 p.m. Wednesday, according to Officer Paul Cruz, of the Wichita Police Department. Cruz said the police department received surveillance footage from the Walmart parking lot that showed the suspect driving a silver two-door car. Cruz and a Walmart manager declined to release the footage Thursday. Anyone with information is asked to call 911, investigations at 316-268-4407, or Crime Stoppers at 316-267-2111. Gabriella Dunn: 316-268-6400, @gabriella_dunn Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime & Courts Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:01 Judith White wants to know why Wichita's stoplights can't be coordinated Pause 5:11 Michael O'Donnell wins County Commission race 3:17 Shockers won big over Long Beach State 1:17 Former Larkspur owner returns for art show 3:10 Energy 101: How do wind turbines work? 0:50 Fatal crash on McLean Boulevard 7:07 Marshall breaks down big Shocker win 5:43 "The No Protest" takes place at WSU 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods 2:17 Butterball hotline: Saving Thanksgiving for 30 years Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago Fatal shooting on East Harry 0:39 3 hours ago Fatal shooting on East Harry 0:23 3 days ago Klutzy robber sets self ablaze in convenience store heist 5:19 6 days ago Wichita police discuss shooting on Terrace, fatal accident on Lincoln View more video Crime & Courts See where homicides occurred in Wichita from 1989 through 2015 on an interactive map KBI suspects foul play in Linn Co. missing persons case Fatal shooting on East Harry Update: Man in his 40s killed in shooting at restaurant Life sentence for stepmom in death and ‘unbearable suffering’ of KCK boy fed to pigs Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Obituaries Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service News All News Local News Local Traffic Cam State News Business Education NIE Crime More News Andrew Dys Nation/World Politics/Government Weird News Databases Special Sections Communities Community Publications Fort Mill Times Fort Mill Times Sports Lake Wylie Pilot Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Sports All Sports Panthers College Winthrop High School High School Football Auto Racing Politics Politics Elections 2016 Obituaries Opinion All Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter To the Contrary James Werrell Palmetto Opinion Living All Living Community Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Religion Family Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment All Entertainment Books Calendar Movies Music Puzzles & Games Contests & Events Horoscopes Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Andrew Dys October 20, 2016 12:23 PM Two guys in a boat that barely floats; that day, they got Lake Wylie’s biggest fish. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:28 Campus hall named after racist needs to change, Winthrop students say Pause 4:00 Winthrop students in Rock Hill feel sadness, rage over shootings 1:30 Students stage 'die-in,' and protest at Winthrop University in Rock Hill 0:20 Suspect carjacks vehicle after fatal hit-and-run in Rock Hill 2:48 Fort Mill honors those who served 1:28 Joe Biden talks politics at site of Rock Hill civil rights protests 1:14 South Mtns State Park wildfire 1:14 Rock Hill grandparents talk about costs, challenges for Ryley 0:58 Woman accused of burying dead baby in Rock Hill yard talks to judge 1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Preston Starkey and Jason Knight, using a small boat that barely floats, caught the biggest catfish in a recent Lake Wylie Wylie tournament against many foes with better equipment. Andrew Dys adys@heraldonline.com The boat Preston Starkey and Jason Knight used to catch the biggest Lake Wylie tournament fish Saturday. Contributed Preston Starkey, left, and Jason Knight, right hold a 44-pound catfish that was the biggest fish caught Saturday at a Lake Wylie tournament. Contributed 1 of 3 i By Andrew Dys adys@heraldonline.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LAKE WYLIE The two guys pulling a pontoon boat held together with plywood pulled onto the water at dawn Saturday for the big fishing tournament in Lake Wylie. They had Walmart poles and bait they caught themselves and two cans of Chef Boy-R-Dee raviolis. Many of their foes had fancy uniforms, fancier poles, the fanciest electronics. And boats that should be called yachts. “We look around and all these other guys have electronics on their big boats that cost more than our raggedy old boat,” said Preston Starkey of Rock Hill, 27, an electric repairman by trade who decided that fishing after work was easier than dirt track racing. Knight had a cheap fishing card and a boat that cost $3,000 and looked it. The boat looked like it had fought Hurricane Matthew days earlier, and Matthew won. “We was just hoping our boat would stay afloat,” said Jason Knight of Lancaster, 30, who makes a living in an electric supply house but dreams of some day being a paid fishing guide. “We got a good reason, too. Preston can’t swim.” These guys fish a lot for recreation, for fun, and even want to do it in tournaments. But Saturday, they arrived looking like two guys from the lawn crew at Donald Trump’s golf courses, while the other anglers looked like Trump. “We’re just workin’ guys,” Starkey said, “who like to fish.” The sponsored fishermen had fish finders and gear and these two guys had bait they caught themselves. They had no spoon for the ravioli, so they fashioned a spoon out of a plastic Dr. Pepper bottle. The hey hit the lake for the Carolina Cat catfish qualifier. They headed for the North Carolina side of the lake that bisects South Carolina and that other Carolina while all the big shots except one headed for the South Carolina side. “We joked we were lost,” Starkey said. “Those others probably saw us go the other direction and laughed,” Knight said. In a half hour, they have the maximum 10 poles in the water at a spot Knight found on his fish card. “Then one of the poles, it bent down to the water and Jason yelled out there was something big down there,” Starkey said. Knight said what blue-collar guys say: “Good fish.” They reeled and reeled and Knight said: “Real good fish.” They tussled in a blue catfish half the size of Knight and then realized one problem: They had no scale to weigh it on the jalopy of a boat. They put the fish in the live well and caught two more - the limit was three - then went in for the weigh-in. Starkey and Knight chugged up to the dock looking like Germans had hit them with a torpedo. But what matters in fishing is when burly men officially weigh the fish on the dock. The biggest fish caught that day, on a pole from Walmart, weighed 44 and a half pounds. And Starkey and Knight caught it. For total weight of three fish, they came in second overall. They posed for pictures as all fishermen must do. Starkey, as burly as a beer keg, smiling, in his orange t-shirt, looked like the sunset. Knight beamed with the big fish in his arms like a baby boy. The contest cost $130 to enter. They had to pay for gasoline for the truck and the boat and the rods and the ravioli and the Dr. Peppers. Even with the prize of $405 for the biggest fish, the tournament probably didn’t make them twenty dollars. But none of that matters. These two guys plan to enter more big tournaments. They hope to get sponsors. Until then, Starkey has to enter with his new nickname, given to him by the other mechanics at Armor Electric in Rock Hill. The name is shouted and laughed with pride from men with callused hands who dip Copenhagen and still smoke Winstons. Starkey loves his new nickname. “They all are now calling me Catfish,” said Starkey. Andrew Dys: 803-329-4065, @AndrewDysHerald Related content Two Lake Wylie anglers tell a whopper of a fish tale LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Andrew Dys Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:58 'This is what Trump was talking about': Frustrated Bluffton voters fear disenfranchisement because of long line Pause 0:56 Trump supporters celebrate in Columbia 0:58 Woman accused of burying dead baby in Rock Hill yard talks to judge 1:28 Campus hall named after racist needs to change, Winthrop students say 4:00 Winthrop students in Rock Hill feel sadness, rage over shootings 1:30 Students stage 'die-in,' and protest at Winthrop University in Rock Hill 1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline 0:20 Suspect carjacks vehicle after fatal hit-and-run in Rock Hill 2:48 Fort Mill honors those who served 2:21 Video: Hawgs of the Week (Week 11) Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Defendant who shot and killed friend in Rock Hill apologizes in court 2:09 3 months ago Defendant who shot and killed friend in Rock Hill apologizes in court 3:18 23 minutes ago Happy birthday, USMC! Nation Ford High JRROTC celebrates, receives honor 2:57 44 minutes ago Fort Mill woman discusses what it's like to live with DID View more video Andrew Dys As real as any part of America - Trump’s supporters are great people, too. York “uproar” saved courthouse Christmas Tree. Now it has lights in time for Santa ‘I told you so’: Trump faithful bask in ‘miracle’ presidential victory Trump or Clinton? York County sees record absentee ballots as voters get their say Chester boy saved his sister and lost his life; city mulls how it can protect kids Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Tablet Advertising Advertising Information Place Obituary, Celebration Place Classified, Legal Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Tablet Advertising Advertising Information Place Obituary, Celebration Place Classified, Legal Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Yael T. Abouhalkah Lewis W. Diuguid Steve Paul Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Barbara Shelly Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Cindy Hoedel Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Local deals Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Crime October 20, 2016 11:16 AM Charges filed against former N.J. pastor for choking infant at Overland Park Wal-Mart Oleh Zhownirovych Johnson County Sheriff’s Office i By Tony Rizzo trizzo@kcstar.com, and Ian Cummings icummings@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A former New Jersey church pastor was charged Thursday with attacking a 4-month-old girl Wednesday inside an Overland Park Wal-Mart. Oleh Zhownirovych, 54, of Clifton, N.J., was charged in Johnson County District Court with aggravated battery and misdemeanor battery. The incident occurred about 7:30 a.m. Wednesday in the 7700 block of Frontage Road. Overland Park police said the baby’s mother was standing in a checkout line when a man she didn’t know came up and grabbed the baby. He allegedly began choking the infant before a security guard and some bystanders intervened and held him until police arrived. The security guard acted especially quickly to stop the attack, according to Leslee Wright, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman. “He did jump in immediately to help,” she said. As is usual at Wal-Mart stores, the guard is not a company employee but rather employed by a security firm. The company does not always encourage security guards or bystanders to get physically involved in every kind of incident, but in this case, Wright said, it seemed the right thing to do. “I think they did act heroically,” she said. “We don’t know what would have happened to that child. I think this definitely rose to the level of potentially life and death.” In a prepared statement, Wal-Mart said the company is working with police. “Our main concern right now is for our customer and her child. We’re appalled this happened in our store,” the statement read in part. The baby was not seriously injured, police said, but the felony aggravated battery charge alleges that he attacked the baby in a manner in which “great bodily harm, disfigurement or death” could have occurred. The misdemeanor battery charge involves one of the men who subdued him. Bond for Zhownirovych was set at $100,000. He made his first court appearance Thursday afternoon and is scheduled back in court Oct. 27. A Ukrainian Orthodox church in Clifton is listed as his address on Johnson County jail booking records. Officials there said that Zhownirovych was the former pastor, but had left the position last year. Tony Rizzo: 816-234-4435, @trizzkc Ian Cummings: 816-234-4633, @Ian__Cummings Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:52 Kansas City Quadruple Shooting Pause 2:31 May 9 arrests at Kansas City library event 0:39 Fairway police investigate shooting death 2:30 Chiefs' Andy Reid talks defense, silent protests and Justin Houston 2:35 Eric Berry to high schoolers: ‘Make the most of every opportunity’ 2:20 See the underground tunnel players use between Kauffman and Arrowhead 2:33 Arabia Steamboat Museum Celebrates 25 Years With A New Paddlewheel 2:30 Marcus Peters on forced fumble: 'I took it from him' 2:16 Evelyn Fields Day remembers childhood home before foreclosure 1:15 Obama on Gwen Ifill: She was an extraordinary journalist Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago Crime video: Man robs Hy-Vee Pharmacy in Leawood 0:35 7 days ago Crime video: Man robs Hy-Vee Pharmacy in Leawood 0:30 9 days ago KC police investigate shooting death on Jackson Avenue 0:39 9 days ago Fairway police investigate shooting death View more video Crime Nephew charged with murder in disappearance of Linn County mother, son Prosecutors charge KC man in shooting of pregnant woman Prosecutors charge KCK man with crashing stolen van into trooper Former Kansas City postal carrier admits role in distribution of PCP Two KC police officers sustain minor injuries during altercation Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage kentoh - Fotolia How enterprise software development is changing Cliff Saran Managing Editor During Computer Weekly’s 50th anniversary event, we held a panel discussion at Skills Matter in London to look into how enterprise software is changing This Article Covers Training RELATED TOPICS Jobs Management skills Technical skills In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Stock exchange goes live on Windows 2003 data engine – ComputerWeekly DevOps specialist firms start to 'fuse' – ComputerWeekly Microservices: Small parts with big advantages – ComputerWeekly Latest News Insurance brokers hit by second SSP Worldwide cloud outage in less than a week Cloud firm dumps Dell, DotHill and NetApp for Tintri hybrid flash It’s time to pay attention to mental health IT View All News Latest Blog Posts Typical IT & Telecom Budget – Small Publisher – Computer Weekly Data Bank Redis gets smart, introduces machine learning module – Open Source Insider View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: AI set to replace traditional IT administrators Interview: How Swedish bank prepared robot for customer services How to beat Oracle licence audits Download Current Issue Software development practices in the enterprise have traditionally focused on delivery high-quality code built on proven platforms. But the web and the emergence of apps, built on web scale infrastructure, are rewriting the rulebook. Download this free guide Brexit and UK tech: Essential guide Find your way in the post-Brexit world and establish priorities in the face of uncertainty Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. In fact, businesses struggle to compete with startups that can somehow maximise the value of the new economy, and are able to undermine traditional business models. “Over the past 20 years, IT has been set up for efficiency, cost reduction and doing things as safely as possible,” says Benjamin Wootton, co-founder of Contino. He says companies are now driven by the need to work faster and are becoming more agile in order to improve the customer experience. “This is applying pressure on IT and how we develop software,” he says. Whereas IT heads previously implemented heavyweight internal IT processes and used outsourcing to reduce cost and maintain quality, in Wootton’s experience, this style of running IT slowed down IT departments. “DevOps and continuous delivery allow organisations to operate faster, which is what enterprises want to do today,” he says. But Wootton argues that among the challenges for IT leaders is the fact that big enterprises are risk adverse and tend to stick with a tried and trusted formula, often contrary to contemporary best practices. Shifting the enterprise mindset Kingsley Davis, a partner at Underscore Consulting, adds: “You want to deliver quickly and at pace, which means having a clear strategy about what things are not important for the product.” Technology such as Docker, to enable developers to create code that can run in their own containers, along with the ability to have short feedback loops, helps businesses to adapt more quickly. Such technology and techniques form the basis of the cultural shift that companies of all sizes need to make to enable their developer teams to become more adept at delivering software quickly, says Davis. “Culture is very easy to instil when there is a small group of people,” he says. “Hiring is key.” Davis recommends that IT leaders plan in advance, and hire people appropriate to the direction the IT strategy is taking. Russ Miles, lead engineer at Atomist, believes IT leaders can learn much from the way webscale organisations approach software development. “Organisations of any size have to compete,” he says. The speed of change is such that IT leaders cannot afford not to adapt their business processes. “People look at what Netflix is doing and the thing to take away is that agile software development will only get you so far,” says Miles. “The software itself needs to be as adaptable as the process.” What this boils down to, says Miles, is that IT leaders need to figure out how to adapt systems and the work IT departments need to do, to achieve the speed and flexibility required by the business. A case for smarter analytics If they cannot meet the needs of the business, business users will go elsewhere, or even develop the systems themselves. “Business users are driving software development,” says Frank Ketelaars, big data technical leader for Europe at IBM. This is a form of shadow IT, he adds. “They use spreadsheet data warehouses as their own analytics platform.” Given the need for developers to be productive and create applications quickly, Ketelaars says technologies such as Apache Spark make it possible for businesses to develop machine learning capabilities more easily than before. Also, the availability of deep learning services is pushing the boundaries of analytics in terms of the massive computational intelligence such algorithms can bring to bear on hard-to-solve problems. But with such technological developments comes new challenges. Deep learning is here, but one thing that is missing is context Frank Ketelaars, IBM Ketelaars says the plethora of analytics tools available makes it hard to validate data models. “It is extremely difficult working with the variety of analytics libraries and tools that are available,” he says.  What developers need, says Ketelaars, is a route to analytics services via a common programming interface, giving them the features of an analytics tool within their own applications. Another challenge facing analytics applications is how to make sense of the data. “Deep learning is here, but one thing that is missing is context,” says Ketelaars. “If I have a picture with two people running after each other, and one has a frisbee, I know this image is about playing.” Deep learning algorithms can instantly recognise the image of two people running, he says, but adds: “The context changes dramatically if one of them has a chainsaw. This is where context controls what you should do with the image.”  For Ketelaars, understanding context will be a key requirement in applications, to understand the meaning behind the analytics. “You have to start thinking about what data you have to control the behaviour of your application,” he says. Essentially, applications become smarter, providing users with the information they need based on a deep contextual understanding of what it deems relevant or important. Improving tooling Arguably, there is room for improvement among the array of tools, building blocks and techniques that developers use to create software, says Phil Trelford, founding member of #F Foundation. “A general-purpose programming language is a bit like a spanner and we are all trying to build large systems with spanners,” he says. “What I would like to see is precision tools.” In fact Trelford goes further, saying the industry needs better “meta tools”, in other words software tools to help the developers of programming tools build precision instruments, rather than generic spanners. While, as the saying goes, “a bad workman blame his tools”, software developers are keen to see improvements in the tooling they use. In part, this helps them cope with the added complexities when coding and operations become one, as in DevOps, says Trelford. “Personally, I would like to be able to say, ‘I need to make this thing happen’, then make it as quickly as possible,” says Miles. But today, developers need to draw together a lot of threads to create and run applications successfully, and complexity is increasing all the time, he says. “Smart tooling will help them handle the cognitive overhead,” he adds. Finding out more about our CW@50 panel discussions In this video, we speak to a panel of CIOs about best practices in working with IT startups. Leading technology experts discuss the trends in enterprise software and how this will affect future applications. In this panel debate filmed at our 50th anniversary, we contemplate how IT could evolve over the next 50 years. Enterprises appear to be following smaller companies in adopting new, more productive ways to code. For instance, WhatsApp, which was developed by a handful of Erlang developers, was sold to Facebook for $19bn, while Walmart recently acquired the F#-based Jet.com e-commerce platform for $3bn. While procedural programming languages such as Java and C have been the bread and butter of enterprise software development, what has been particularly interesting for software development is the uptake of functional programming in recent years, particularly among companies that need to support large numbers of internet customers. As Trelford explains: “Apart from Java, which has huge user groups, the biggest programmer user groups in London are those of the functional programming languages. I run the functional London meeting here. We have been meeting here for about six years and we have over 1,000 members. Scala, I believe, has 1,500-2,000 members and Clojure has been growing, as has Erlang.” Many proponents of these programming languages talk about how little code they need compared with using a procedural language, which makes them attractive for writing code quickly, says Davis. The bigger the project, the more likely it is to fail. It is easier to build small software systems Malcolm Sparks, Juxt But among the reasons for the interest in functional programming is reliability. Malcolm Sparks, director and founder of Juxt, says: “One of the issues we still face as developers is how to build really big software systems. The bigger the project, the more likely it is to fail. It is easier to build small software systems.” Sparks argues that, ideally, software developers should look at architecting systems by integrating many small software components, each of which has been developed to be highly reliable. “We are moving to a world where individual software systems are becoming so critical and so important that we had better build them using the best tools and the best languages, and this is why we are seeing a rise in interest in functional programming,” he says. “Functional programming is a better approach for writing highly reliable systems.” Changing software development landscape   Among the changes Miles is seeing is that software development is no longer a factory floor to churn out new products. Rather, he believes software development is evolving into a continuous R&D practice. “Companies that regard software as a driver for them are the ones that will win and one of the pieces of advice I give to company boards is that they should not think of software development as a general problem that we can solve by throwing more people at it,” says Miles. “Think of software development as a place where you might be surprised what comes out.” Enterprises do not often have the luxury of greenfield development, but as Trelford points out, where enterprises need a new system, there is the opportunity to experiment with the least risk. Think of software development as a place where you might be surprised what comes out Russ Miles, Atomist Wootton says: “Everyone is always excited about the new greenfield stuff, but there is a real business case with legacy.” Often, the real business case is actually the J2EE or .Net code that has been running for a decade or more and requires a big support team. “You might do something crazy like services on your mainframe, but it turns out this may be where you get the biggest return on investment,” he says. “Legacy is a bad thing,” says Sparks. While it is exciting to create new code based on microservices and perhaps functional programming, the biggest challenge faced by corporate IT is often how to handle a growing legacy of old stuff. “It can be the millstone that drags you to the bottom of the sea,” says Sparks, who urges CIOs to look constantly at what can be decommissioned, and have development teams write new applications. These not only help to move the business forward but, at the same time, enable IT to decommission something else. Davis believes that the new techniques available to developers, such as reusable microservices, containers, functional programming and continuous delivery, offer enterprises an ideal opportunity to reduce risk and improve reliability. “It is all about safe, small-scale scalability,” he says. The tools and techniques discussed enable IT departments to avoid the risk of modifying mission-critical applications by augmenting them in a highly controlled way, adds Davis. Why software development matters Technology is creating jobs, not just in programming but also in sales, marketing, operations, finance and human resources in tech businesses and traditional industries. Software engineers power technology, and they are increasingly able to come up with innovative solutions that enable UK businesses to compete in a global market. More than 600,000 startups were created in 2015, creating jobs and driving the UK economy. Many of these were either technology businesses or used technology to remove significant barriers to market. Technology has become integral to any business. Marianne Lake, CFO of investment bank JPMorgan, was recently quoted as saying: “We are a technology company.” Retailers, publishers, manufacturers and other industries that might not traditionally be branded as technology companies, increasingly realise that their survival and future success depends on gaining a competitive advantage through technology. They often seek help to drive innovation in their engineering teams through engagement with developer communities such as Skills Matter. Someone put it to me that the UK’s recent decision to leave Europe was as much driven by a discomfort with the speed of innovation and globalisation as it was by other reasons, such as immigration or concerns about sovereignty. He pointed out that my industry, the tech industry, is growing too quickly and perhaps needs to slow down a little. He illustrated this with an example. A truck driver working for a transport company for the past 20 years, probably earning £30k-£35k per year, still a decade or two away from retirement and two kids to raise, is going to be unhappy with innovation such as driverless cars, and so innovation is creating an unfair world. This may of course be true, unless we give his daughter the skills to design that driverless car, his son the ability to come up with new business models that will launch a whole new industry, and his grandchildren the opportunity to gain the work experience they need to take a new concept to a global market. Running a business for just over a decade has taught me you need to pick your fights. Trying to slow innovation is not one I would pick. Coming up with new ideas and approaches to challenges is integral to humankind. Someone invented a car, a delivery truck. Someone invented the business model for a successful transport company. Even if we were able to slow or stop innovation in the UK, we would never be able to do so in the wider world. And if we try, we will deprive our kids of the opportunity to gain the skills they need to be participants in the future economy, to find jobs in this country instead of elsewhere. Technology and software development is powering growth in every industry. It is giving many British businesses a competitive advantage and is creating new industries where our kids can find a successful future. Wendy Devolder is CEO of Skills Matter, a community of 70,000 software engineers. This was last published in October 2016 CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Zine CW ASEAN: SMEs present security weakness E-Handbook Transforming HR – HR Realities in Europe E-Zine CW ANZ: Using gamification to build cyber security skills Read more on IT education and training All News In Depth Blog Posts Opinion Photo Stories Videos CW ANZ: Using gamification to build cyber security skills GUEST BLOG: Why Apprenticeships offer a lifeline to the UK’s tech industry World wide web inventor Tim Berners-Lee to join Oxford University Isle of Man launches IT and education campus to share tech skills Load More View All World wide web inventor Tim Berners-Lee to join Oxford University Isle of Man launches IT and education campus to share tech skills FDM Group launches Getting Back to Business programme TeenTech calls on kids to pass on Stem excitement Load More View All News Acquire new skills for technology management Interview: Ed Vaizey MP talks digital economy and digital skills A business case for games play at work Is outdated terminology deterring females from roles in IT? Load More View All In Depth GUEST BLOG: Why Apprenticeships offer a lifeline to the UK’s tech industry Government must not ignore the historic international nature of UK IT Government consults on Apprentice Grant and Levy Scheme: your chance to help get it right GUEST REVIEW: Bigshot self-assembly camera View All Blog Post Are apprenticeships the solution to London’s digital skills problem? Getting the Apprenticeship Levy right for technology employers In the war for talent we need a public sector alliance Security: the oft-forgotten dimension Load More View All Opinion What is the #ILookLikeAnEngineer campaign? Central Saint Martins Creative Technology Day to inspire next generation Rising Stars 2014: Most Influential Women in UK IT The 25 most influential women in UK IT 2013 Load More View All Photo Stories Women in IT presentation: Kate Russell - author, tech reporter, speaker & educator South Staffordshire College digital campus: 4D immersive laboratory Women in IT: Belinda Parmar, Little Miss Geek State of play in the IT market - IT education Load More View All Videos Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] CarolVdB - 21 Oct 2016 2:39 AM I enjoyed reading this article! The sooner the monolith is broken down into smaller, scalable parts, the quicker business processes can be improved. Alot of little things working together, always works better! Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... Presidential election predictions cast doubt on data analysis Donald Trump's surprise presidential election win has media, pollsters soul-searching on the predictive power of data. Also in ... SearchSecurity BlackNurse hits big routers with low-volume denial of service attack Researchers claim "BlackNurse," a low-volume ICMP denial of service attack, can allow a laptop to bring down routers and ... How a hybrid whitelisting-blacklisting approach can help enterprises Allowing known good applications and data isn't enough for enterprises. Beth Musumeci explains why a hybrid ... Postelection Russian hacker cyberattacks evade malware detection A rash of spear-phishing attacks by Russian hacker groups were seen following the presidential election this week, but antivirus ... SearchNetworking Unstructured data analysis is critical, but difficult Sometimes, it's hard to know if your data is just garbage out, unless you have the right big data implementation analysis and ... Cloud-native networking firm Aviatrix wins Network Innovation Award This month's Network Innovation Award winner, Aviatrix, wants to help organizations bridge the spaces between their clouds with ... Facebook's new switching platform completes 100 Gb data center pod Facebook has completed its open source 100 Gb data center pod. The technology for hyperscale data centers includes a ... SearchDataCenter Building a disaster recovery architecture with cloud and colocation Creating a robust disaster recovery plan is no small task for IT teams. Explore how cloud and colocation can bolster an ... Undock your data center management strategy with mobile apps As mobile technology improves, smartphone apps for IT administration help data center managers monitor and troubleshoot ... IT organizations give nod to a free hypervisor option The lure of free can be the deciding factor for organizations evaluating which hypervisor best fits their needs, and help them ... SearchDataManagement Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... Functionality gaps not stopping Spark usage from growing fast Organizations aren't letting ongoing Apache Spark development, functionality holes or issues deter them from ramping up usage of ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Amazon could be a lot bigger than we think USA TODAY 10/20/2016 Elizabeth Weise Click to expand Replay Video Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Donald Trump's shocking victory for the White House may end the more than 30-year-old bull run in bonds. According to Reuters, that's because bets on faster U.S. growth and inflation are leading investors to favor stocks over bonds. A two-day thumping wiped out more than $1 trillion across global bond markets worldwide, on bets that plans under a Trump administration would boost business investments and spending while firing up inflation. It was the worst rout in nearly 1-1/2 years. Wochit Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year American Apparel LLC filed for its second bankruptcy protection in just over a year, weighed down by intense competitive pressures facing U.S. teen retailers. Bobbi Rebell reports. Reuters Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Marijuana may have been Election 2016's biggest winner, but could the Trump Presidency spell the end of its legalization? Cannabis industry expert Debra Borchardt explains. Forbes PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Amazon could be a lot bigger than we think USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 America's complicated, critical trade relations with China CNN Money1:56 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 'Godfather' Beverly Hills mansion listed for $175 million CNBC0:40 Kenneth Cole is reportedly closing nearly all of its stores Veuer0:49 Why President Trump might be bad for gun sales CNN Money1:11 Zuckerberg says it's 'crazy' to blame Facebook for election results Newsy1:16 Trump's infrastructure investment plan evokes Ayn Rand The Wall Street Journal.3:38 Newsweek prematurely ships out Madam President magazine cover Inside Edition0:37 The net worth of American presidents 24/7 Wall St.0:54 Buffett after Trump win: '100%' optimistic about America CNN Money20:55 New Balance sparks social media backlash The Wall Street Journal.1:38 5 ways to win Black Friday Credit.com1:22 Alibaba Singles Day sales break $5 billion in an hour Reuters0:59 UP NEXT Amazon's data-savvy e-commerce model has already upturned the retail market. But it may have a far bigger reach in retail than commonly understood — signaling more threats to mass market retailers.  Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 70.49 -0.74 -1.04% ChannelAdvisor Corp ECOM ▲ 13.90 +0.15 +1.09% Piper Jaffray Cos PJC ▲ 65.95 +0.15 +0.23% Amazon's yearly sales account for about 15% of total U.S. consumer online sales, according to the company's statements and the Department of Commerce. But the Seattle e-commerce company may actually be handling double that amount — 20% to 30% of all U.S. retail goods sold online — thanks to the volume of sales it transacts for third parties on its website and app. Only a portion of those sales add to its revenue.   “The punchline is that Amazon’s twice as big as people give them credit for, because there’s this iceberg under the surface, but you only see the tip,” said Scot Wingo, executive chairman of Channel Advisor, an e-commerce software company that works with thousands of online sellers. When third-party sales are taken into account, Amazon's share of what U.S. shoppers spend online could be as high as $125 billion yearly, and it could represent close to 30% of the online goods Americans buy, according to an analysis of Amazon's financial statements. Gene Munster, a senior analyst at Piper Jaffray, estimates Amazon touches 30% of total e-commerce in the United States, and its share is growing. “Amazon’s just going to slowly grab more and more of your wallet,” he said. Related slideshow: Jeff Bezos through the years Jeff Bezos through the years Given its growth, it's possible to contemplate a future with Amazon as the nation’s largest single retailer, though what that looks like is unclear.  Walmart was massively disruptive when it came on the scene, laying waste to local retail districts with each megastore it opened. Amazon, which increasingly can offer delivery in one to two hours, promises to be even more disruptive, said Jason Goldberg, senior vice president of commerce at Razorfish, an e-commerce marketing agency. “The more power Amazon gets, the tougher it makes it for those independent retailers,” he said. Amazon by the numbers Estimates of Amazon's true reach in online sales start with its domestic revenue — $63.7 billion in 2015 retail sales in the United States and Canada, with Canada making up a relatively small portion of its sales.  In the United States, total annual retail sales are about $5 trillion, with the Department of Commerce estimating 8% of that is e-commerce. That puts total online sales at around $400 billion, and Amazon’s share at 15%. Amazon's retail revenue, however, doesn't reflect the full value of the items sold on Amazon by other retailers. These are companies that use Amazon as an online sales venue, sometimes their only one. Amazon says 49% of its units sold come from third-party sellers. As an example, think of televisions. Search “32 inch TV” on Amazon, then click “32” and under.” A total of 457 possible matches come up. But only 45 of them are actually sold by Amazon. The rest come from companies like A-Meado Enterprices LLC, with 55, ByBuy with 54 and IPC-Store with 33. These are separate companies that use Amazon as a sales platform. Some have their own warehouses and only take orders on Amazon, some hire Amazon to take care of the entire process, a service called Fulfillment by Amazon.         “Amazon is basically the fronting website for a lot of retailers out there,” said Charles O’Shea, a senior analyst with Moody’s Investors Service. To the average consumer, there's not much difference between something they buy on the Amazon site that comes from Amazon versus something that someone else is selling there, said John Haber, CEO of Spend Management, a supply chain consulting firm in Atlanta that works with many online retailers. “The stuff comes in an Amazon branded box,” Haber said. But to Wall Street, they're different, which is how the measure of how big Amazon looms in the average buyer’s world could be significantly underestimated. Wait, how big? Amazon doesn't release is it gross merchandize volume, or GMV, a measurement of total sales dollar value for merchandise sold through the site. Instead it talks about the ways its sellers are creating jobs and investing in their local communities.  "In 2015, more than 70,000 entrepreneurs achieved over $100,000 in sales selling on Amazon," said Erik Fairleigh, an Amazon spokesman. Without GMV, estimates of how much of the U.S. online retail market Amazon touches comes from its annual sales, made up of what Amazon made selling its own goods plus how much Amazon made selling other people’s goods, the third party vendors. Their number has been growing. The commissions those vendors pay Amazon can vary between 5% to 30% but many experts give 10% as a reasonable average guess. If just 10% of that value appears in Amazon’s revenue stream, the rest would not. That remainder, 90% of everything Amazon sells, represents the value of the third-party goods sold.   “For a $100 lamp, Amazon gets $10 and the seller who used Amazon gets $90. But it’s still $100 going through Amazon as the sales point,” said Razorfish's Goldberg. Josh Olson, an analyst with Edward Jones, estimates Amazon's involvement in all U.S. online sales at 31.3%. “If you look at what they’re actually touching in terms of merchandize. It’s really significant,” he said. Using e-commerce sales data ChannelAdvisor collects to inform his estimate, Wingo goes as high as 36%. "When you 'unpack' the $63.7 billion revenue, that has transactional value (what Wall St. calls Gross Merchandise Value) of $135 billion ($56 billion direct from Amazon and $79 billion from third party sellers)  which is 36% of overall commerce," he said.    All these estimates involve some guesswork. Moody's O’Shea thinks Amazon is bigger than its financials make it appear but doesn’t think it’s possible to accurately gauge exactly how much bigger.  “I don’t think there’s reliable data out there,” he said, Spend Management's Haber thinks 25% could be a tad low, but without Amazon releasing specific GMV figures, “we can’t really tell. Without the numbers you cannot truly ascertain their exact share of consumers’ wallets,” he said. More retail waves Just as Big Box stories killed off mom-and-pop operations, Amazon could kill off Big Boxes, some speculate.  “Think of Office Max and Staples. Those stores all thrived because they had a bigger assortment than the customer was used to. But today they can buy 300 kinds of stapler on Amazon. So those big boxes that used to win on assortment can’t win on assortment anymore,” Razerfish's Goldberg said. Piper Jaffray estimates 44% of the U.S. population now lives within 20 miles of an Amazon fulfillment center. This online dominance could in turn mean the end of malls, which are increasingly dependent on having big box stores as anchors. And as the Amazon effect becomes more prevalent, the same thing could hit strip malls, gradually working its way down to ever smaller stores. The potential effect on the American retail landscape, Goldberg said, could be “remarkable.” Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY More fake news on the Web, this time via Google USA TODAY Bannon could darken Trump White House: Our view USA TODAY Bannon is 'straw man of the hour’: Other views USA TODAY Students lead new wave of anti-Trump protests USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries e-Edition Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Police: Mom used daughter, 12, as shoplifting accomplice Thursday Oct 20, 2016 at 10:16 AM Wal-Mart on SW 19th Avenue Road Austin L. Miller @almillerosb An Ocala police officer and loss prevention officers on Wednesday detained a mother, her 12-year-old daughter and the woman’s boyfriend in connection with theft from the Wal-Mart at 2600 SW 19th Avenue Road. When Officer Mike Rossi stopped the girl from leaving the store she yelled for her mother. The store’s loss prevention officers apprehended the mother and her boyfriend. Their names are withheld to avoid identifying the minor. One of the loss prevention officers told Rossi that she saw the juvenile walking quickly through the men’s department and met with her mother and the boyfriend. The man was observed picking out several purses, which his girlfriend and the minor used to conceal various clothing chosen by them. Once they were done, the trio walked toward the garden center. The girl first walked outside, where she was stopped by Rossi. When the juvenile shouted for her mother, the woman put down one of the stolen purses that contained store items and tried to leave with another stolen purse. As she and her boyfriend walked outside, they were stopped by loss prevention officers. Officials said the stolen goods were valued at $251.74 before tax. All three were charged with petit theft. The adults were transported to the Marion County Jail. The girl was taken to the juvenile section of the jail. The mom faces an additional charge of contributing the delinquency of a minor. Rossi noted in his report that she has been convicted of larceny and theft in Jacksonville, DeLand and Seminole County. Local court records show the man was adjudicated guilty for possession of a firearm in violation of domestic violence injunction in July 2016. Five years prior, he was adjudicated guilty for possession of cannabis less than 20 grams. The Department of Children and Families was notified about the incident and the arrest. Jail records show the adults were released from jail at 2:56 a.m. Thursday after posting bond. Contact Austin L. Miller at 867-4118, austin.miller@starbanner.com or @almillerosb.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Manage Print Account Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscribe Now Terms of Service Manage Digital Account FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise With Us Display Ads Classified Ads Place an Ad Online Services Mobile App RSS Feeds Newsletters Twitter Facebook Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ocala.com ~ 2121 SW 19th Avenue Rd., Ocala, FL 34471 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime State Nation & World Elections Business Education Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Prep Sports College Horse Racing Auto Racing Columns Go Dave Schlenker Movies Music Theater & Arts TV Guide Dining Movie Listings TV Listings Lifestyle Health Faith Pets Travel Columns Crossword Sudoku Opinion Editorials Brad Rogers Letters Other Voices Obituaries More Photos Videos Weather Mugshots Blogs Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Newsletters Contests Subscriber e-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
