GoSearch 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 40° Low 28° High 51° Fayetteville 36° Low 26° High 44° Bentonville 36° Low 27° High 45° See complete forecast Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 Posted 8:34 am, January 17, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 01:56PM, January 17, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart announced on Tuesday (Jan. 17) they will be adding more than 30,000 jobs and investing in training hundreds of thousands of employees in 2017. The company, which employs about 1.5 million people in the United States, will be creating an estimated 34,000 jobs through expanding and improving the company’s network and e-commerce services, according to a company news release. Approximately 10,000 retail jobs will be added thanks to the addition of 59 new, expanded or relocated Sam’s Club and Walmart stores. The remaining new jobs will come through constructing and remodeling those facilities. Walmart will be spending about $6.8 billion on capital investments during the year, including building and remodeling facilities and expanding new services like the online grocery pickup, the release states. Additionally, Walmart will be adding 160 training academies in the nation, which should be open by July. The release states that an estimated 225,000 employees will graduate from the training academies in 2017, after receiving six weeks of specialty training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and running store departments.     Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 2 comments Linda Camacho So many of those are not permanent jobs. January 17, 2017 at 11:08 am Reply Report comment Never go full liberal Neither permanent nor full time, they just have to throw that out there to make themselves look good and feel better about themselves. January 17, 2017 at 2:17 pm Reply Report comment High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Burger King Employees Accused Of Selling Marijuana To Customers Ordering ‘Fries Extra Crispy’ Deputies: Crawford County Couple Arrested In Child Abuse Investigation Fort Smith Man Contestant On Wheel Of Fortune Episode Motorcyclist Dies In Crawford County Collision Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule John Hurt Dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ Actor Was 77 Tyson Donates 70,000 Pounds Of Protein To Aid Tornado Recovery In Georgia, Mississippi Promotion For Local Firefighter Celebrated Near Firefighter Recognition Day Vian Hires First Ever Paid Female Police Officer News 130 Employees Cut During ArcBest Restructuring News Walton Family Donates $2 Million Toward NWACC Education, Workforce Training Center News Pernod Ricard Announces Facility Expansion, Malibu Rum To Be Bottled In Fort Smith Plant News Mars Petcare Announces $72 Million Investment Into Fort Smith Operations, Adding 130 Jobs News Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month News Walmart Eyewear Facility Tour News ORT To Offer Fayetteville/Bentonville Commuter Route News Woman Finds Snake In Shopping Cart At Van Buren Walmart News As Crawford Co. Unveils New Jail, Other Counties Discuss Need For New Facilities News The Lumineers & Their Music Light Up The Walmart AMP News Local Small Businesses Reaching New Heights News Amazon Says It Will Create 100,000 Jobs Across The U.S. News Sears Sells Craftsman Brand To Stanley Black & Decker Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 499 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath All appear to be aimed at currying favor with President-elect Donald Trump. Post to Facebook Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath All appear to be aimed at currying favor with President-elect Donald Trump.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k2iB0O {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 85 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Companies pile on job announcements to avoid Trump's wrath Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY Published 6:12 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 9:15 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share General Motors says it will invest $1 billion in its factories and add thousands of new U.S. white-collar jobs in moves that have been in the works for years but released Tuesday in response to criticism from President-elect Donald Trump (Jan. 17) AP General Motors' truck plant in Wentzville Assembly plant in Missouri (Photo: Melissa Vaeth for General Motors) 499 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 85 COMMENTEMAILMORE What started as a trickle of companies boasting about their plans to boost their U.S. employees has become a cascade -- all appearing to be aimed at currying favor with President-elect Donald Trump. General Motors and Walmart were the latest to join up Tuesday as various large companies have announced plans that have included adding thousands of jobs in the U.S., retaining plants or canceling plans to move jobs to Mexico. They range from air-conditioning maker Carrier and wireless service provider Sprint to online retailing giant Amazon. But while such declarations seem to work magic when it comes to attracting supportive tweets from Trump, they call into question whether companies are actually changing direction away from expanding in other countries and are now focusing their job-creation efforts on the U.S. Economists and others paying close attention as corporations have portrayed themselves as showing a renewed interest in the U.S. since the presidential election see a mixed picture. "There is some substance that is colored by smoke and mirrors," says Harley Shaiken, a University of California-Berkeley professor who follows labor issues and globalization. "It's really both going on." USA TODAY GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. after pressure from Trump Many of the announcements about job creation in the U.S. cover plans that were already in the works, for instance, in late December, Sprint announced that it was creating or bringing back to the U.S. 5,000 new jobs, part of a commitment that Sprint owner SoftBank had previously made. And while the numbers of positions being created sound great, they pale in comparison to the jobs lost over the years. GM announced it will add 7,000 information technology and manufacturing jobs in the U.S., which is a lot by any measure, but compares to a current hourly workforce of 56,000. In 1979, the Associated Press reports, GM's U.S. workforce peaked above 618,000. GM's manufacturing jobs, as represented by the United Auto Workers union, start at $27.79 an hour under the latest contract. Walmart said it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, but that's a fraction of the company's U.S. workforce of roughly1.5 million. Walmart's starting wage is about $9 an hour. They join other companies that stepped up as well, often with similar, bittersweet news. For instance, while Amazon has said it would create 100,000 jobs in the United States in 2017, most are low-paying warehouse jobs that offer little job security. Amazon on average pays its warehouse employees 15% less than the average wage of other warehouse workers in the same region, according to Stacy Mitchell of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance, a non-profit advocacy group that works on sustainable community development. Most of the jobs had already been announced in the local markets where the warehouses are located. USA TODAY Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 “Given that there’s no real news here, one certainly has to wonder if Amazon's announcement is mainly aimed at currying favor with President-elect Trump," Mitchell says. Observers say corporations are making their announcements largely out of fear, wanting to avoid being scolded in Trump's tweets the way that Ford Motor was singled out for expanding in Mexico during the presidential campaign. (Sure enough, Ford found itself back in Trump's good graces on Twitter this month by canceling plans for a $1.6-billion plant in Mexico). CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Anthony Scaramucci, entrepreneur and senior adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, speaks to USA TODAY from the World Economic Forum in Davos. USA TODAY NETWORK "No company wants to be in the Trump crosshairs," says author and researcher Alan Tonelsen, founder of the RealityChek blog who has written extensively on labor issues. "Big multinational companies hate bad publicity." The spin may be creating the reality, he says, rather than vice versa. As the announcements pile up, it is creating a climate where companies realize they move jobs offshore at their own peril. In the case of automobiles, the mere threat of imposing 35% tariffs has been enough to entice companies to wave the flag. The question becomes whether the Trump factor will continue to be enough to compel companies to keep up the "Made in the USA" patter. Some are already lining up to say they've seen enough. "I do not believe it will be feasible or represent good policy for the president to strong-arm individual companies into making business decisions that are not in their best economic interests," says Michael Farr, CEO of Farr, Miller & Washington, a money-management firm. No matter what side you're on, what we've seen so far is likely just the beginning. "This is the opening salvo," says Josh Bivens, research director for the Economic Policy Institute, a Washington-based think tank. "We will be seeing much more coming out of the Trump administration." FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn President Trump's picks for his Cabinet and advisers  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Steven Mnuchin, nominee for secretary of the Treasury, appears before the Senate Finance Committee for his confirmation hearing on Jan. 19, 2017.  Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rick Perry, nominee for Energy secretary, is sworn in for his confirmation hearing before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee on Jan. 19, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Sonny Perdue, the former governor of the Georgia, is Trump's pick to be Agriculture secretary.  Albin Lohr-Jones, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Nikki Haley, nominee for U.N. ambassador, during her confirmation hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Jan. 18, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Scott Pruitt, nominee for administrator of the EPA, during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee on Jan. 18, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rep. Tom Price, who is nominated for secretary of Health and Human Services, during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee on Jan. 18, 2017.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen James N. Mattis, center, nominee for secretary of Defense, arrives with former senator Sam Nunn, left, and former senator William Cohen on Jan. 12, 2017, prior to the start of his confirmation hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Ben Carson, nominee for Housing and Urban Development secretary, with Trump staffer Omarosa Manigault sitting behind him, waits for the start of his confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee on Jan. 12, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Mike Pompeo, nominee for CIA director, appears before the Senate Intelligence Committee for his confirmation hearing on Jan. 12, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rex Tillerson, nominee for secretary of State, testifies during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Jan. 11, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Elaine Chao, nominee for secretary of Transportation, testifies before the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee during her confirmation hearing on Jan. 11, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen John Kelly, nominee for secretary of Homeland Security, appears before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee during his confirmation hearing on Jan. 10, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Sen. Jeff Sessions, nominee for attorney general, reads his opening statement during his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Jan. 10, 2017.  Jack Gruber, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jared Kushner, son-in-law of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives for a meeting with House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., on Capitol Hill, in Washington on Jan. 9, 2017. President-elect Donald Trump said he is appointing Jared Kushner as a White House senior adviser.  Cliff Owen, AP Fullscreen David Shulkin, current undersecretary for health at the VA, is Trump's pick to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Former Indiana senator Dan Coats is Trump's choice for director of national intelligence.  Albin Lohr-Jones, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump has selected former Reagan administration official Robert Lighthizer to be his U.S. trade representative.  Skadden Fullscreen Rep. Ryan Zinke, R-Mont., is Trump's choice to be secretary of the Interior.  Richard Drew, AP Fullscreen Trump has nominated ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of State.  Ben Stansall, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Former Texas governor Rick Perry is Trump's choice to lead the Energy Department.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Andy Puzder, chief executive of CKE Restaurants, is Trump's pick for Labor secretary.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump plans to nominate Linda McMahon — co-founder of World Wrestling Entertainment — to be the leader of the Small Business Administration.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt is the president-elect's pick to head the Environmental Protection Agency.  John Taggart, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Retired Marine general John Kelly is Trump's choice to head the Department of Homeland Security.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Ben Carson is Trump's pick to be Housing and Urban Development secretary.  Behar Anthony, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Retired Marine Corps general James Mattis is Trump's pick for Defense secretary.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has been selected for chief of staff.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen Retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn is Trump's pick for national security adviser.  Alex Wong, Getty Images Fullscreen South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has been nominated for U.N. ambassador.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Stephen Bannon, a top adviser to President Trump.  Gerald Herbert, AP Fullscreen Elaine Chao has been nominated for Transportation secretary. She was Labor secretary under former president George W. Bush and assistant secretary of Transportation under president George H.W. Bush.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Mike Pompeo  Jacquelyn Martin, AP Fullscreen Betsy DeVos, a strong advocate of school choice and school vouchers, has been nominated for Education secretary.  Carolyn Kaster, AP Fullscreen Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., is Trump's choice for Health and Human Services secretary.  Jim Lo Scalzo, european pressphoto agency Fullscreen Don McGahn, a veteran Washington campaign finance attorney and former chairman of the Federal Election Commission, has been selected for White House counsel.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross is Trump's pick for Commerce secretary.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Seema Verma, CEO of the health policy consulting firm SVC Inc. and the architect of Indiana's alternative approach to Medicaid, has been selected for administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Steve Mnuchin, right, who was chairman of the Trump campaign's finance operation and previously worked as an executive at Goldman Sachs, has been nominated for Treasury secretary.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Sen Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., has been nominated for attorney general.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Fullscreen Republican National Committee Chief Strategist and Communications Director Sean Spicer is Trump's pick for press secretary.  Cliff Owen, AP Fullscreen Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, is slated to serve as counselor to the president.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 41 2 of 41 3 of 41 4 of 41 5 of 41 6 of 41 7 of 41 8 of 41 9 of 41 10 of 41 11 of 41 12 of 41 13 of 41 14 of 41 15 of 41 16 of 41 17 of 41 18 of 41 19 of 41 20 of 41 21 of 41 22 of 41 23 of 41 24 of 41 25 of 41 26 of 41 27 of 41 28 of 41 29 of 41 30 of 41 31 of 41 32 of 41 33 of 41 34 of 41 35 of 41 36 of 41 37 of 41 38 of 41 39 of 41 40 of 41 41 of 41 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Contributing: Adam Shell, Elizabeth Weise, Ed Baig and Brent Snavely 499 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 85 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k2iB0O NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
skip to main content NPR News & Classical Music Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Connecticut News Long Island News New England News Collaborative National and International News News and Talk Programs Essays by David Bouchier Music Classical Music Highlights Music Programs/Playlists Interviews Sunday Baroque Music Playlist Search Programs News and Talk Programs Music Programs Entertainment Programs Schedule Calendar About Us Contact Us WSHU Mission Frequencies and Locations Underwriting Standards Community Advisory Board Jobs at WSHU Annual Reports to Listeners Program Policy Statements CPB Reporting Support WSHU Pledge Now Individual Giving Matching Gifts WSHU Broadcast Society WSHU Leadership Circle Legacy Giving Foundation Support Local News Initiative Fund New Media Initiative Fund Corporate Sponsorship Update Giving Information Vehicle Donation Search Menu Home News Connecticut News Long Island News New England News Collaborative National and International News News and Talk Programs Essays by David Bouchier Music Classical Music Highlights Music Programs/Playlists Interviews Sunday Baroque Music Playlist Search Programs News and Talk Programs Music Programs Entertainment Programs Schedule Calendar About Us Contact Us WSHU Mission Frequencies and Locations Underwriting Standards Community Advisory Board Jobs at WSHU Annual Reports to Listeners Program Policy Statements CPB Reporting Support WSHU Pledge Now Individual Giving Matching Gifts WSHU Broadcast Society WSHU Leadership Circle Legacy Giving Foundation Support Local News Initiative Fund New Media Initiative Fund Corporate Sponsorship Update Giving Information Vehicle Donation Search Listen Live 91.1 WSHU 1260 WSHU 89.9 WSUF 103.3 WQQQ Classical Music Sunday Baroque Congressional Republicans Take Aim On Import And Export Taxes By Charles Lane • Jan 17, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Walmart customers score deals while shopping during the retailer’s Black Friday event in November in Bentonville, AR. Gunnar Rathbun / AP Big box retailers and advocates for the poor are teaming up for their “biggest fight ever.” It’s against congressional Republicans who want to change the corporate tax code, in particular, taxes on imports and exports. Debbie Hickey just bought some slacks for her sons, and she wanted to buy them at Walmart, “because they’re young and starting out in the business world. And they’re clothes are very economical." What makes them economical is this. “Vietnam. Made in Vietnam.” The U.S. imports about $2.7 trillion worth of goods a year. Imports are cheap because labor costs are much lower in places like Vietnam and, for the most part, the U.S. doesn’t impose a lot of special taxes on them. When Walmart buys pants from Vietnam for $20 and sells them to Hickey for $25, the company is only taxed on that $5 of profit. Part of the Republican tax plan would change that. It would tax Walmart for the full $25. It’s called a "border adjustment tax." And Wall Street analysts expect some retail prices to go up as much as 15 percent. “Wow. Ok. So that would make a difference on where I buy things like that. Honestly, 15 percent, I think is a lot,” Hickey says. At the same time, the border adjustment would hike taxes for companies that import, it would cut taxes for companies that export. University of California, Berkeley Economics Professor Alan Auerbach is one of the architects of the plan. Auerbach says, “Our current corporate tax system is just broken, there are just so many problems.” The corporate tax code has been accused of slowing growth, forcing companies to shift profits overseas, or even shifting the entire company. Advocates say border adjustment would solve that. And Republicans love it for one more reason. “The fact that it’s encouraging companies to locate profitable, productive activities in the United States, companies that might otherwise locate them in countries where the taxes are lower. There’s no longer an incentive to do that,” Auerbach says. Even if this plan sounds like one dreamed up by President-elect Donald Trump, it actually predates his campaign by several years. In fact, it originates from the left, and Auerbach — who advised Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry — thinks labor unions should embrace border adjustment. But right now, that seems unlikely. Bob McIntyre, director of the left-leaning Citizens for Tax Justice, think that since the poor and middle class spend the vast majority of their income, they shoulder most of the import tax. “The Republican Party has been trying to get some weirdo consumption tax for at least the last 40 years,” McIntyre says. Meanwhile, companies that export a lot will pass their new tax windfall on to shareholders. McIntyre says this is the same regressive tax Republicans have always pitched. “They like taxes that hit the middle class and poor and they hate taxes that the rich have to pay, and now they’re in power.” Academics point to economic theory which says, as the U.S. reduces its trade deficit, the dollar will gain in value and offset any benefits to U.S. exports. Wall Street buys the theory, but not the simplicity. Brian McGough, a retail analyst for Hedgeye, says, “This is a paradigm shift. And a paradigm that’s been in place for 30 years won’t change in a week, won’t change in a month, and it won’t change in even three or four years." McGough predicts major bankruptcies. And this is where the retail lobbyists come in. They have been marshaling resources and planning a full-on, “battle royale” to keep border adjustment out of the tax bill. McGough gives border adjustment only a 30 percent chance of getting to the president’s desk. Proponents, however, say Congress has run out of options. If the corporate tax code is going to change, border adjustment might be the only thing both sides could agree on. Tags:  business economy taxes Corporate Tax Code Walmart TweetShareGoogle+Email © 2017 WSHU Contact Us Privacy Policy EEO Documentation CPB Report FCC Public Files Contest Rules
thedailynews.cc News Greenville Belding Carson City Lakeview Edmore Stanton Panhandle Classifieds Deals E-edition More Latest Funeral Notices Scanner Free Time PLUG IN January 28, 2017 News local politics business beat Opinions Lifestyle Sports local high school Outdoors Community Events Calendar Funeral Notices Classifieds More Videos Lottery Photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Subscriber Services Submit News Click Now! Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Planning Commission OKs ‘conditional site plan’ for Brann’s Retail Center By Cory Smith • Last Updated 12:11 pm on Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Tweet Ken Dixon of Dixon Architecture presents designs for a proposed Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57), which would feature four retail locations, two of them offering drive-thru services. — Daily News/Cory Smith GREENVILLE — Brann’s Retail Center is one step closer to bringing four new retail locations to town, but onekey word still stands between now and any physical construction: “Conditional.” During Thursday’s Greenville Planning Commission meeting, members debated nearly an hour and half throughout a public hearing and meeting discussion on whether to approve a site plan for the site at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57), a 1-acre piece of property on the northeast corner of M-57 and Satterlee Roads in front of Walmart and directly west of Murphy Oil. Jan Johnson of Main Street Planning and Kyle Wilson with Nederville Associates go back and forth on conflicting details of a site plan proposal for Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57). The Commission eventually voted 4-1 in favor of approving a “conditional site plan,” meaning several outlying conditions will have to be met before final approval, as well as the acceptance of three variance requests from the owners, Mike Brann Jr. and Mike Brann Sr., that will have to be approved by the Zoning Board of Appeals. Commissioner Pete Frye said he didn’t want to make the owners wait any longer. “We either have to pass something tonight, or they have to come back,” he said. “I’m going to make a motion so they can at least proceed forward, so they can seek further approval. To make them wait, I don’t think that’s fair.” According to Jan Johnson of Main Street Planning, the company that Greenville uses for city planning services, the two biggest conditional concerns are curb cut approvals from the Road Commission of Montcalm County on Satterlee Road, and the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) on M-57. As of now, the Branns are awaiting confirmation from both organizations to approve the entryways on the property. The largest point of contention came regarding the entrance-exit drive onto Satterlee Road, of which City Manager George Bosanic introduced concerns. “I’m very concerned with the glossing over of the curb cut issue,” he said. “We spent an awful lot of time talking about bushes and lighting, but the big issue here is the location of this curb cut.” Greenville Planning Commission members Brian Greene, left, and Pete Frye, listen as a presentation is given on the proposed Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57). Bosanic believes, as currently designed, Satterlee Road would not be prepared to handle the extra traffic generated by four new retail spaces — two of them including drive-thru businesses, with one ofthem confirmed to be a Biggby Coffee — combined withexiting traffic from Walmart. He said traffic waiting at the light on Satterlee Road coming from Walmart already backs up further than where the proposed curb cut entry-exit is planned. “What we’re going to have, especially with drive-thru business — which is fast in-and-out, high-volume business — they are coming in to go through the drive-thru, and if these businesses are successful, which everyone wants them to be, then we are going to have a traffic jam on Satterlee,” he said. “People coming in and out, heading north, trying to get into that curb cut to access those buildings … I’m just very concerned.” Bosanic said the lack of a center turn lane concerns him most. He compared it to the Meijer Gas Station and Burger King curb cuts on Greenville West Drive, which in design are similar, but the roadway features a center turn lane. “Those that are traveling in opposite directions have a safe haven in the center turn lane,” he said. “In this situation, you’re going to have the number of cars that are stacking to the north far exceed the length of where this curb-cut is located. It’s happening already.  The width of Satterlee Road does not provide for a center turn lane.” Bosanic said he is willing to reach out to Walmart, of which the Branns said they have had no success, to discuss adding a new entry-exit drive into the Walmart parking lot and service drive; however, that would possibly reduce parking spaces and compromise the site plan of the retail center. Members of the Greenville Planning Commission, from left, Dale Reyburn, Jack Corner, Chairman David Ralph, Brian Greene and Pete Frye, evaluate a proposed site plan for Brann’s Retail Center at 10990 W. Carson City Road (M-57), which would feature four retail locations, two of them offering drive-thru services. “I’m just sharing myconcerns, because it would be unfortunate … we are being accommodating, as we should be, but if and when the Road Commission makes an approval on this, to have that type of situation exist, I want to make you aware that you are going into this with your eyes open,” Bosanic said. “If these problems occur, I don’t want to say I told you so, I don’t want to see that scenario happen.” Commission Chairman David Ralph, who cast the lone opposing vote against the site plan, said he would have felt more comfortable moving forward knowing that the Road Commission and MDOT were already on board. “I still do have a level of concern about an access (drive) off of M-57 that goes immediately into stacking for a drive-through, which also has traffic coming from the west across the parking lot, which also has (adjacent) parking spaces,” he said. “I would be uncomfortable granting full unconditional approval tonight. I would simply ask that the applicant complete that process that has not been completed.” Frye does not believe approval will come from the Road Commission or MDOT, however, he doesn’t believe the Brann’s will have much luck if the Planning Commission did not first approve a conditional site plan. “I don’t see how the Brann organization can go to the county and say, ‘The city hasn’t approved this proposal, but we want you to approve the access to Satterlee Road and approve it without a turnoff lane,’” he said. “I don’t think they are going to go anywhere with those approvals unless we give them a conditional approval.” Commissioner Dale Reyburn said he had no problem with giving conditional approval to allow the Brann’s to move forward in their additional requests. “I’m prepared to say yes to this, and let the county decide if they are going to give them access,” he said. “Yes it is going to be tight, yes you probably do need a center lane on Satterlee. I can see where it’s going to be slow getting out of there for sure, but I just think it’s going to be slow. That’s not speeding traffic, it’s slow. If you have an accident there, it’s not going to be life-threatening, and I think that the entry on M-57 will be curved enough.” The Planning Commission will review the issue again once the Branns have gone through their three variance requests with the Zoning Board of Appeals, and after they have met the necessary conditions as laid out at the request of the Commission. About the Author Cory Smith Cory is the Greenville beat reporter for The Daily News. He also covers the Carson City area and specializes in photography and multimedia. Cory is a hometown kid, having graduated from Greenville High School in 2004. He then went on to study journalism at Michigan State University where he also played trumpet and marched as a member of the Spartan Marching Band for four years. Cory Smith has written 1306 articles. Related Stories Greenville EZ Mart plan reviewed by Planning Commission Wednesday, April 1st, 2015 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story No one can say the Greenville Planning Commission was not in the zone during Thursday night’s meeting. During the meeting, the Planning Commission discussed how to feasibly make an expansion request by the EZ Mart Mobil gas station fit the zoning standards of the city. Read More » Montcalm Community College gets site plan approval Friday, February 24th, 2012 Posted in: Greenville, Local, News Montcalm Community College (MCC) is able to move forward with its expansion of the Greenville campus. During Thursday night’s Greenville Planning Commission meeting, the commission approved MCC’s final site plan and a land use permit under certain conditions. Read More » Greenville Planning Commission looks at rezoning Friday, October 25th, 2013 Posted in: Local The Greenville Planning Commission is moving forward with the next step of a rezoning plan which could potentially set up part of the city for upstairs apartments above retail stores, while also placing design standards for new commercial buildings. Read More » Biggby, Culver’s may be coming to Greenville Monday, November 14th, 2016 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story As the finishing touches are being placed on the soon-to-open Murphy Oil gas station, plans are in the works to add yet another commercial neighbor on the west end of town. Read More » Follow Us Facebook:   Twitter: Follow @greenvilledn Email Alerts: Coming Soon… Rate this Article VN:R_U [1.9.10_1130] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes)  0     CommentsCommenting Guidelines Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Videos Most Commented 59 Montcalm County gets homeland security snow cone machine 37 Alley Cat Bar & Grill owner charged with multiple sex crimes 11 JUST IN: Friday afternoon crash leaves at least 2 injured 10 Central Montcalm confiscates 550 laptops after security tampering News local politics business beat Sports local high school outdoors Classifieds Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Community forum calendar funeral notices submit news More video lottery photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Stafford Media Solutions ®2011 advertise here contact us E-edition privacy policy sitemap terms Belding E-edition Carson City Greenville Lakeview Stanton Panhandle Edmore
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart, GM reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks By Reuters Published: 17:35 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 17:35 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose Jan 17 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. . Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 24° F 11 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 6 mins ago DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Many citizens of Muslim-majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s curbs on travel to the Un… Alaska volcano erupts again, sending up another ash cloud 8:27 pm ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — A volcano in Alaska’s Aleutian Islands has erupted again, sending a cloud of ash and ice particles 30,000 feet in t… Los Angeles freeway claims 3rd mountain lion in 2 months 8:27 pm Study says grass carp have invaded 3 of the Great Lakes 8:27 pm AP WAS THERE: 50 years ago, AP reported on fatal Apollo fire 8:26 pm Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 28° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 14 Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 8:01 AM Sunset: 6:04 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 24° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Anne D'Innocenzio Published: January 17, 2017, 5:09 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Kroger to add 10,000 jobs this year Macy’s to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales 122 million people expected to shop online on Cyber Monday Three arrests made after $2,000 worth of merchandise stolen from Robinson Wal-Mart Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Latest News First human-pig embryos made in transplant research “From Womb to Tomb,” local group joins nationwide march Fire crews fight blaze in Brazil Search for cause of ‘suspicious’ Vermillion Fairground fire continues Wabash Valley county no longer number one in unemployment Two Terre Haute women busted on prostitution charges Thousands of rounds of ammo made fighting Edgar County fire impossible Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 Terre Haute TV, LLC . All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business The New Economy What Wal-Mart's higher wages, better training mean for US retail shift in thinking Wal-Mart's plan to pay higher wages and invest more in training suggest a major shift in its business model. But to succeed, America's largest private employer may need to overcome steep mistrust from labor unions. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why Republicans and Democrats see different things in an inauguration photo Difference Maker Almost all girls were cut in her Ethiopian village. Not anymore, thanks to her. Why police worry about Trump's 'sanctuary cities' crackdown Russia's decriminalization of domestic abuse: a sign of conservatives' influence? Is an Obamacare solution already staring Congress in the face? Popular Now US no longer a 'full democracy' in 2016 Democracy Index: Where do we go from here? Has a Harvard team solved the mystery of metallic hydrogen? Why Republicans and Democrats see different things in an inauguration photo Difference Maker Almost all girls were cut in her Ethiopian village. Not anymore, thanks to her. First Look Top officials at US State Department abruptly resign (+video) Photos of the day 01/27 SUBSCRIBE Job postings are shown outside a new Wal-Mart Super Center as the company opens its first store in Compton, Calif. on Jan. 10, 2017. Mike Blake/Reuters | Caption Fullscreen Loading... Patrick Reilly Staff | @PatrickfReilly January 17, 2017 —On Tuesday, Wal-Mart announced plans to hire approximately 10,000 US employees in 2017. This comes on the heels of hourly wage hikes from from $9 per hour – the current starting wage – to $10. But there's a catch: Employees will need to complete a six-month online training program called Pathways. The company is also building 200 “Academies,” where managers will need to attend hands-on training modules to be eligible for promotion. “When fully implemented, we expect to train about 225,000 people a year at these Academy facilities,” Scott Markley, a member of Wal-Mart’s Media Relations staff, tells The Christian Science Monitor in an email. Wal-Mart is making a fundamental shift in its business model: from low-cost, no-frills retailing, to investing in its workers to take a more customer-service oriented approach. In effect, America's largest private employer (with 1.1 million hourly workers) is now borrowing a page from the small, local stores that have been threatened by the arrival of big-box stores.  Wal-Mart is also trying to stave off competition from e-commerce firms, including Amazon, that have shuttered hundreds of stores from retailers like Sears and Macy’s. “They’re recognizing that the competition from the internet retailers like Amazon and so on can only be addressed by demonstrating that we’ve got really good customer service,” says Thomas Kochan, a professor at MIT’s Sloan School of Management. Minimum wage: States ranked from lowest to highest In 2015, this approach – along with years of pressure from activists – coincided with Wal-Mart raising its starting salary to $9 per hour.  The push for higher hourly wages is spreading across the US. In 2017, 19 states began the new year with higher minimum wages. Five states (Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Maine, and Washington) increased their rates through ballot initiatives, reports the National Conference of State Legislatures. But when large corporations like Wal-Mart need to pay a higher wage, it increases their incentive to make other improvements – and reduce worker turnover.  Higher wages at Wal-Mart means that “now they have to recoup that in higher levels of productivity of their employees,” MIT’s Professor Kochan tells the Monitor in a phone interview. “That’s where the training should make a contribution.” Kochan pointed out that other firms, including Costco and Trader Joe’s, have already strengthened training to improve customer service in the era of e-commerce. With the US’s largest retailer now focusing on productivity, other retail chains could follow suit. But first Wal-Mart may need to gain acceptance from both workers and consumers.  A 2011 Berkeley study found that the company could pay its workers $12 per hour, and only increase the cost of a typical shopping visit by 46 cents. In recent months, the company has coped with dwindling profit margins by cutting back at the corporate level, leaving both workers’ raises and customer savings intact. Gaining acceptance from labor activists will likely prove more difficult. “This is a deep-seated anti-union company, and all of its managers get trained in trying to identify any forms of worker unrest or organizing,” Kochan explains. Leaked company manuals and PowerPoints dating back to 1991 suggest that Wal-Mart has trained store managers to prevent unionization. Already, some labor unions see this as reason to dismiss the new "Academies," where Wal-Mart will send its managers for training. The United Food and Commercial Workers International union (UFCW) has organized – but not unionized – Wal-Mart employees through a campaign called Making Change at Wal-Mart. UFCW Local 1776 covers Pennsylvania’s Montgomery County, where one of the new Academies will be based. In a statement given to the Monitor, local president, Wendell W. Young, IV, argues: “These Wal-Mart Training Academies are too little, too late. Wal-Mart is well-known for their mistreatment of workers. As a result, Wal-Mart has attempted to rebrand themselves over and over again. These academies are just another gimmick with no real-world benefits for the workers. Wal-Mart is merely attempting to divert attention from the fact that they pay employees paltry wages and provide little benefits, leaving taxpayers to pick up the bill.” Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × If Wal-Mart continues to train managers to prevent unionization, labor activists will have little reason to change their stance. In addition, workers could see the anti-union policies as a sign of indifference, complicating the company’s larger push to improve customer service. As Kochan explains, “you can’t get there at the same time that you suppress worker voice … so tightly that workers are afraid to challenge management when they feel that their interests are at stake. So Wal-Mart has a long way to go, and it’s going to take a long time to change that culture." Did this story deliver on 'shift in thinking'? Thanks for your feedback. Great, thanks for your feedback. Please share this story! What'd we miss? × We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Minimum wage: States ranked from lowest to highest By Olivia Lowenberg How L.A. garment district shows promise and peril of higher minimum wage By Jessica Mendoza Focus Seattle's struggle to prosper and keep its soul By Chelsea Sheasley Photos of the Day Photos of the day 01/27 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Chicago train study comes up short on state funding Holiday Inn near 3M HQ fetches $15M South Minneapolis Indian center seeks makeover U of M ponders new home for institute Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project United buys 24-acre site for Eagan development Six-story building planned in downtown Rochester Wellington is sole responder to Bassett Creek RFP MN Snapshot: Globe University sells Moorhead campus U.S. Bank CEO touts ‘resurgence’ in optimism Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Finance & Commerce Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Cybersecurity Developing Healthcare Space Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Nation & World / Wal-Mart to add jobs, open new locations Wal-Mart to add jobs, open new locations By: The Associated Press January 17, 2017 5:12 pm 0 NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 5:12 pm Tue, January 17, 2017 The Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Chicago train study comes up short on state funding January 27, 2017 5:19 pm Holiday Inn near 3M HQ fetches $15M January 27, 2017 4:34 pm South Minneapolis Indian center seeks makeover January 27, 2017 4:20 pm U of M ponders new home for institute January 27, 2017 7:02 am Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project January 27, 2017 7:02 am United buys 24-acre site for Eagan development January 26, 2017 5:02 pm Six-story building planned in downtown Rochester January 26, 2017 4:47 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Chicago train study comes up short on state funding by Matt M. Johnson | Jan. 27 Holiday Inn near 3M HQ fetches $15M by Hank Long | Jan. 27 South Minneapolis Indian center seeks makeover by Brian Johnson | Jan. 27 U of M ponders new home for institute by Brian Johnson | Jan. 27 Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project by Anne Bretts | Jan. 27 In Brief It’s official: United team chosen for terminal redevelopment January 27, 2017 5:22 pm BMO selects Brian Jones as director January 26, 2017 4:43 pm Metro area construction starts rise in 2016 January 26, 2017 3:26 pm Textron pays $247M for Arctic Cat January 25, 2017 2:28 pm Twin Cities exec named state BBB president January 23, 2017 4:36 pm Features Legal Matters: Potential defense to construction defect claims January 26, 2017 7:02 am Building Blocks: Emerson Automation Solutions January 20, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Reducing the energy waste of ‘plug load’ January 3, 2017 7:01 am Building Blocks: 510 Marquette December 27, 2016 7:04 am Nation & World Study: Investing in the PawSox stadium likely won’t pay off January 27, 2017 5:23 pm TransCanada reapplies for Keystone XL January 27, 2017 5:23 pm Charlotte City Council rejects vote on soccer stadium January 27, 2017 5:22 pm U.S. economic growth slowed in fourth quarter January 27, 2017 1:42 pm Businesses boost spending on durable goods January 27, 2017 1:42 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content United buys 24-acre site for Eagan development Six-story building planned in downtown Rochester U of M ponders new home for institute Just Sold: TPI buys site in Doran’s Maple Grove project Wellington is sole responder to Bassett Creek RFP Top Women in Finance 2016 Top Projects of 2015 Awards Magazine Twin Cities Tenant — Fall 2016 Rochester’s Rx for growth: City has become investor destination Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments b.hoyt@leasespace.com: LRT has nothing to do with transportation. It is an illegal... Hawt: Why doesn't he build his utopia in Detroit; it has already b... Robin Fischer: What if you just can not afford the space. We signed a 15 yr... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Jan. 28, 2017 Digital Edition Study: Investing in the PawSox stadium likely won’t pay off TransCanada reapplies for Keystone XL Charlotte City Council rejects vote on soccer stadium It’s official: United team chosen for terminal redevelopment Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 37° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low 31F. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Merrimack Valley Methuen fentanyl trafficking case tossed after lab tests negative  By Jill Harmacinski jharmacinski@eagletribune.com  37 min ago New bill helps care for animals in cruelty cases New legislation aims to help those battling pulmonary hypertension Most local legislators vote in favor of pay hikes Pence: Life is winning in America Police: Tip leads to Haverhill man with loaded gun SLIDESHOW: Anti-abortion groups, protesters gather in Washington for March for Life rally Gov. Baker vetoes $18M pay raise bill Shen Yun concert trip planned Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Local Sports featured D'Urso siblings dominate in net for Andover High and Lowell Catholic +4 High School Hockey David Willis 19 hrs ago NORTHWARD BOUND: Local players to compete in "Little League World Series" of youth hockey Surging Sanborn: Statezni, senior leadership guiding Indians to new heights Merrimack Valley Conference gymnastics meet Ex-BC product has taken game to new heights Want to go Super Bowl? Go to bank first It's official: David Ortiz's number retirement on June 23 Memory of loss last winter sparks Central to statement victory over Andover Unlikely hero lifts North reading for CAL mat title Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Reunions Jan 22, 2017 Club News Community Calendar Substance abuse support group's quarterly meeting tonight Club News Community Calendar Reunions A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound off Jan 23, 2017 Like it or not, Trump's the president Congressional Republicans must decode Trump's remarks Salem land sale opposition has nothing to do water quality Our view: Lawmakers, governor must work together to close DA funding gap Sound Off Our view: Lawmakers should resist the urge to erase the past Sound Off Jack Clarke: Time to deliver on Baker's pledge of 1 percent for nature Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers Jan 17, 2017 NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Tags Business General News Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Labor Economy Economy Products And Services Corporate News Locations United States North America We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week Tradine places in Massachusetts Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Woman, 23, dies in single-car crash in Methuen UPDATE: DA says Lawrence death is a homicide Lawrence police investigating Prospect Street death Haverhill woman charged in home invasion Chaos erupts at Ventura arraignment UPDATE: Injured passenger in fatal crash identified 17-year-old in custody after stolen vehicle pursuit in Methuen Councilor's son charged with rape, strangulation Derry man arrested on child porn charges Ex-Marine guilty in Haverhill shooting death of friend Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Close Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 62° Overcast Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Jury deliberations begin in capital murder case involving former Border Patrol agent Jury deliberations have begun in the capital murder trial of former U.S. Border Patrol agent Joel Luna and his brother Eduardo. Posted: January 27 rss Texas News Chicago's Seaway Bank taken over by State Bank of Texas Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Evening' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Evening' game Man who faked cancer, took $11K in aid, charged with theft After new rape lawsuit, Baylor says made 'great progress' Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Rose takes the lead as Tiger leaves early AP Updated SAN DIEGO (AP) — Justin Rose already achieved what he wanted Friday in the Farmers Insurance Open. One last birdie for the lead made the day a little bit better Updated: 7:45 pm Sports, Golf, Men's Sports More From The Latest No Bull: Wade, Butler, Rondo stand ground on strong comments Welcome to Hockeywood: NHL All-Stars converge for LA party After new rape lawsuit, Baylor says made 'great progress' A short return and a missed cut for Tiger Woods Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Jae C. Hong Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:55 pm | Updated: 3:15 pm, Tue Jan 17, 2017. Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Associated Press | NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite ARTICLE: The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite More about General News ARTICLE: Trump's immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say ARTICLE: 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite More about Hiring And Recruitment American Airlines matches Wall Street forecast for 4Q profit ARTICLE: American Airlines matches Wall Street forecast for 4Q profit Pipeline backers make big promises about jobs, growth Pipeline backers make big promises about jobs, growth ARTICLE: Pipeline backers make big promises about jobs, growth Discuss Print Posted in Business on Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:55 pm. Updated: 3:15 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Hiring And Recruitment, Personnel, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Labor Economy, Economy, Products And Services, Corporate News | Location Tags: United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes SPACES FOR RENT Updated: 5:00 am Donna 2 Bdrm. 1 Bath Apt. Stove, Refrig., $435/Mo. Central $435 Updated: January 25 ALAMO - 1100 S.F. Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars '15 Toyota Tacoma 4x4 1 owner, 45K Mi. Brush Guard $29,995 Updated: 5:00 am 2015 NISSAN Sentra 20k miles, super clean car, carfax avail. $11,995 posted: January 27 2015 Maserati Ghibli, Very Fast, Must Drive. Call Eddie Vargas Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Power of 9 9News This Morning WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines SFN Player of the Week Sportsline Friday Nite Pelicans Headlines Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers NEW YORK (AP) - Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson became ill and waivered on his feet during a news conference Friday morningMore >> Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he is on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition he has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore >> Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation Judge refuses to toss lawsuit on harsh CIA interrogation A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >> A federal judge has refused to dismiss a lawsuit against two psychologists who designed the CIA's harsh interrogation methods used on terror detaineesMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart Outlines 2017 Goals For American Job Growth And Community Investment by Walmart Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 at 3:38PM EST WASHINGTON -- Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S., today will discuss company plans to create American jobs and invest in local communities across the country. The investments in the coming year will support an estimated 34,000 jobs through continued expansion and improvement in the company’s store network, as well as e-commerce services, while providing specialty training for more than 225,000 of the company’s frontline associates. The company and the Walmart Foundation, in conjunction with The U.S. Conference of Mayors, are also announcing grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to advance sustainability and innovation in textile manufacturing. "Walmart is investing to better serve customers,” said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business – and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the county.” Walmart is planning $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which includes construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as the expansion of new services such as Online Grocery Pickup. Walmart’s fiscal year begins Feb. 1; the company’s capital plans were first shared in October. Bartlett will discuss the company’s investments in job creation and associates -- and announce Innovation Fund grants to support the U.S. textile sector -- at the 85th Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C. Details are highlighted below. American Jobs Approximately 10,000 retail jobs created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services. An estimated 24,000 construction jobs supported through the opening of those facilities, plus the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. facilities. Workforce Investment By July of this year, Walmart will open 160 new training Academies around the country, bringing the total number of Academies to 200. More than 225,000 associates will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in 2017. The Walmart Academies are a network of facilities where frontline hourly supervisors and assistant store managers receive hands-on training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and the specifics of how to run individual store departments. The training is designed to help associates be successful in their careers and in meeting the changing needs of customers. U.S. Manufacturing Jobs The company’s investment in American jobs includes a 2013 commitment to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs.* Under the initiative, Walmart works with thousands of suppliers to help them gain access to the retailer’s shelves in stores and online. In the coming year, the program will continue to provide job-creating opportunities. Examples include: California Innovations, producer of the Ozark Trail “super cooler.” The Canadian company with U.S. operations is moving production of the cooler from China to a factory in Atlanta, Ga., creating 350 jobs. Edgewell Personal Care, a maker of personal hygiene products, which is bringing production from Canada to Dover, Del., creating 272 jobs. Renfro Corporation, which will create a total of 442 jobs as a result of a deal to produce athletic socks in Fort Payne, Ala. Textile Industry Innovation This year, the Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six leading universities working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S. Through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have funded $10 million in grants since 2014. The 2017 Innovation Fund grant recipients will be announced as part of Bartlett’s remarks to U.S. mayors: Washington State University: to establish a sustainable process to recycle cotton waste by fiber regeneration using a wet spinning technique. North Carolina State University: to create a universal and sustainable commercial textile dyeing method that doesn't use salt or alkali; doesn’t produce effluent; and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water. Clemson University: for development of sustainable polyester fibers that achieve a high level of water and oil repellency. Oregon State University: to develop a sustainable, cost-effective dyeing and printing of smart fabrics process. Texas Tech University: to support research on various aspects of textile manufacturing, dyeing efficiency and specialty finishes. University of Massachusetts Lowell: to develop magnetic dyeing technology to address the technical and environmental issues of current dyeing techniques. * Based on data from Boston Consulting Group. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Source: Walmart Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
January 27, 2017 | 80° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. Associated Press Posted January 17, 2017 January 17, 2017 Updated January 17, 2017 11:22am ASSOCIATED PRESS A worker pushed shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. in May 2013. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. NEW YORK >> Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said today that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Today’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans today to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced today that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Body found on side of H-1 westbound in Kalihi ‘Peace’ woman jumps to soothe, delight by waving along Pali DOE deputy Stephen Schatz accepts UH position In Trump’s White House, a day of confusion and change Prosecutor: Businessman invokes Trump in attack on Muslim airline employee 4 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. kennie1933 says: January 17, 2017 at 11:27 am Interesting in light of how many other retailers are closing brick and mortar stores. I think the future is investing in delivery companies like UPS or FedEx or any upstart company that can do delivery cheaper or faster. Online purchasing is soon going to be the way most of us will purchase things as long as you don’t need it right away. Log in to Reply 808comp says: January 17, 2017 at 12:05 pm I think you’re right, i kinda got hooked ordering online especially with Amazon. Log in to Reply MillionMonkeys says: January 17, 2017 at 1:47 pm Whenever I’m out shopping and see something interesting on the shelf, I look it up on my smart phone to see what other users think of that product (and I see a lot of other people beside me doing the same). I can’t help noticing that it’s $20 cheaper if I order from Amazon. So if it’s something I can wait a week for, guess where I’m buying it from and guess which shipping company gets a little extra business? Log in to Reply MillionMonkeys says: January 17, 2017 at 1:41 pm “Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway.” For all the undereducated complaining that the “liberal media” unfairly reports in a way to discredit Trump, isn’t it nice that they buried this way down at the end of the article? They could easily have made the headline: “Trump lies, takes undeserved credit for Walmart decision to add 10,000 jobs in the US.” But the mainstream media is generally fair and balanced. Sometimes, when an article makes a person look bad or stoopid, it’s because what that person did or said was bad or stoopid. Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Finding Shelter From Trump's Tweet Storm By Brooke Sutherland Photographer: Mark Lyons/Getty Images Autos Brooke Sutherland Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News. Follow @blsuth Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Jan 17, 2017 3:08 PM EST GENERAL MOTORS CO -0.51 At Closing, Jan 27th 37.01 USD WAL-MART STORES INC -1.07 At Closing, Jan 27th 65.66 USD Dealing with Donald Trump's Twitter rants is a new phenomenon for U.S. companies. For many of his favorite targets, creating jobs isn't. General Motors Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. on Tuesday became the latest corporations to talk up the part they're playing in the president-elect's plan to become "the greatest jobs producer that God ever created." GM largely just summed up U.S. spending plans that had been in the works for a while, but it did so with panache, touting a $1 billion headline number and pledging to create or retain (emphasis on retain) about 7,000 jobs. Only about 2,000 of those will be in factories. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, celebrated the planned addition of 10,000 retail jobs, even as it expands its store count at a slower pace. Times They Are A'Changing Wal-Mart spiked on its jobs plan, but last year when it said it was closing 269 stores and putting 10,000 U.S. jobs at risk , the shares faltered in part because some investors didn't think the closures went far enough. Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Wal-Mart and GM aren't the first companies to retool past plans into a good PR moment. Honestly, given how easily companies can turn Trump's ire into praise with a few "big league" numbers, more power to them. This time two weeks ago, Trump was openly attacking GM on Twitter, claiming (without context, according to the company) that it made Chevrolet Cruze vehicles sold in the U.S. in Mexico. By midday on Tuesday, Trump had already tweeted his thanks to the company. Moving on!  Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 These are real jobs that are being preserved or created, and that is a good thing. But while such announcements have taken on new meaning in the wake of Tweet Storm Trump, GM and Wal-Mart have been making them since well before he came along and neither company is demonstrating a significant shift in strategy. Here is a sampling. In August 2014, GM said it would move production of the Cadillac SRX sport-utility vehicle from Mexico to a Tennessee facility. A contract signed in 2015 with the United Auto Workers union included a commitment by GM to invest $8.3 billion in U.S. factories in total and create or retain (there's that word again) more than 3,300 jobs. GM has also cut a number of jobs, often in response to shifting demand -- see here and here -- but the net effect on U.S. employment in the wake of the financial crisis has been positive.  Digging Out of a Hole GM had to be bailed out by the U.S. government in 2009. Since then, it's been adding jobs. Source: Bloomberg, company filings GM says it's invested more than $21 billion in its U.S. operations since 2009. The planned $1 billion in spending actually pales in comparison to the $2.9 billion of investments announced in 2016.  Wal-Mart, like most retailers, has had to close stores to cope with the shift to online shopping, and with that has come job cuts. But the company has still managed to keep its overall U.S. employment flat to trending upward following the financial crisis. A Sam's Club opening in Ankeny, Iowa, in May 2015 brought 160 jobs to the area, while a location in El Paso that opened earlier that year added 170 positions. Neither of those sound particularly impressive on their own, but those jobs add up over time. Then, of course, there is Wal-Mart's decision to raise minimum wages for its employees. All Aboard Wal-Mart has kept employment in the U.S. generally flat over the past few years, a feat at a time when many retailers are shutting stores Source: Bloomberg, company filings There are real issues undermining an American manufacturing revival and focusing on nice-sounding jobs announcements keeps us from addressing them. While Trump has spent plenty of time railing against companies that manufacture goods in Mexico, he's failed to give a solid answer as to how he will manage an ongoing effort to automate more factory work. Robots are coming for U.S. jobs. United Technologies Corp. CEO Greg Hayes acknowledged as much after "saving" 800 positions at the company's Carrier unit. The automation trend was implicit in the fact that Ford Motor Co.'s $700 million Michigan investment plan will create just 700 jobs. Meanwhile, Carrier is still moving some jobs to Mexico and GM hasn’t backed away from its plan to invest $5 billion in Mexico plants by 2018. Companies know how to play the job-creation and press-release games. Does Trump? This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Reynolds American Inc. on Tuesday claimed that its takeover by British American Tobacco Plc could increase -- yes, increase -- job growth potential. To contact the author of this story: Brooke Sutherland in New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net Over It Over It Honeywell cut its overall revenue guidance for 2017 and investors were unfazed as they focused on other things Source: Bloomberg Bottom Line Honeywell Delivers Where It Counts Industrials Brooke Sutherland Weak Spot Google Has a Chink in Its Ad Armor Tech Shira Ovide Share Of Memory Chip Business Toshiba Might Sell 20% Yum Toshiba Chips Make for Tasty Chinese Takeout Tech Tim Culpan Mo' Money Mo' Money The swell of assets chasing hedge fund strategies has been too much for the industry to bear Source: Bloomberg Smart Money Harvard Goes Back to Hedge Fund Basics Markets Nir Kaissar Publicis shares, intraday +1.01% Au Revoir Levy Ends an Era Management Leila Abboud Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Inflation is anathema to Germans and with elections this September the heat is on Source: Bloomberg Big Jump German Inflation's Back. Look Out, Bonds Markets Marcus Ashworth Rearview Mirror Rearview Mirror Favored sectors for buyout deals may be completely different under a new tax code, compared to last year Source: Preqin Private Equity Online *Data is global. 54% of all private equity-backed buyout deals in 2016 were for assets located in North America Code Blues Private Equity's Taxing Times Deals Gillian Tan Happy Days Happy Days Tesco needs Booker to kickstart its stalling recovery Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Company Reports Excludes sales paid for using vouchers Left-Field Deal Tesco's Cunning Succession Plan Consumer Andrea Felsted Caffeine Jolt Caffeine Jolt Starbucks shares posted their first annual drop since 2008 but still outperformed the restaurant industry Source: Bloomberg Drip, drip A Slow Brew at Starbucks Consumer Shelly Banjo Bad News Bad News Wealth-management worries hit UBS' share price on Friday, dragging down rival Credit Suisse Intraday times are displayed in ET. Swiss Banking UBS Misses Out on the Trump Bump Finance Lionel Laurent Defying Gravity Defying Gravity India's top three private-sector lenders have consistently boosted their net interest margins to a point where investors underestimate the likelihood of a compression Source: Bloomberg *Data are for standalone banks. Mirror, Mirror Ugly's Coming for India's Best Banks Finance Andy Mukherjee Gambling Whale Gambling Whale More than a third of Macau's hotel rooms are in Sands China properties Source: Company reports and websites cheap shot Don't Bet Against Adelson Consumer David Fickling Value of Ant Financial's purchase of MoneyGram $880M Better Together Alibaba, U.S. Have Aligned Interests Tim Culpan Consecutive Quarters of 13%+ Net Revenue Growth at Alphabet 12 Your Ad Here Google Rides One-Trick Pony Tech Shira Ovide Ailing Ailing Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb took another hit after it lowered guidance for 2017 Source: Bloomberg Prey Time Bristol-Myers Goes From Hunter to Target Health Max Nisen Air Products' bid premium to Yingde stock 17% Failure to Launch Someone Should Goad Yingde Deals Nisha Gopalan The Next $100 Billion Deal Charter? Tuning In Verizon's Pipe Dream Deals Tara Lachapelle Back It Up Back It Up Caterpillar is trading at a premium to its average Ebitda valuation over the past five years, despite repeated efforts to indicate how struggles in its main markets will persist throughout the year Source: Bloomberg Listen Up Hey Investors, Caterpillar Is Talking to You Industrials Brooke Sutherland Money Flows Money Flows China's Ant Financial is acquiring MoneyGram, which many immigrants use to transfer money from the U.S. back home to their families. Here are the world's top 10 remittance-receiving countries: Source: World Bank MoneyGram Deal Jack Ma Takes Aim at Trump's Wall Deals Tara Lachapelle Trump Droptimism Trump Droptimism Biotech shares and the stock of the leading independent pharmacy benefit manager soared with Donald Trump's election, but have given those gains back as he has proven to be less friendly than expected Source: Bloomberg Nudge Report Tom Price Cracks the Drug-Price Negotiation Door Health Max Nisen Losing Ground Losing Ground Unilever's stale strategy has opened up its gap with Nestle Source: Bloomberg Too Much Fat Unilever Drags its Feet Consumer Andrea Felsted J&J is paying $30 billion Scarcity Value J&J Wrung Out Health Chris Hughes EBay 4Q gross merchandise volume $22.3 billion Window Dressing EBay, Time to Go Shopping Consumer Shelly Banjo Two Step Two Step Ericsson and Nokia shares have been slammed as sales declined by double digits last year. Source: Bloomberg Impatient Capitalism Ericsson Needs to Get Its Skates On Tech Leila Abboud The Crude Effect on Russia The Crude Effect on Russia As oil has recovered so has the ruble Source: Bloomberg Party Like a Russian Russia's Smoldering Bond Romance Markets Marcus Ashworth
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 28° F Overcast Hi: 33° F Lo: 28° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Featured: News Links President Trump's first 100 days Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Victim of tainted steroids hopes to see justice in Boston trial Updated: 5 mins ago Pharmacy owner Barry Cadden faces federal charges that include racketeering and 25 counts second-degree murder. US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration 7:59 pm Economists say Trump risks a trade war that could lead to huge surge in Mexican migration to the United States. Federal judge again blocks Texas fetal remains rules 6:34 pm GR honors local astronaut killed in first NASA disaster 6:20 pm Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Updated: 29 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 28° F Overcast Feels Like: 16° F Wind: W 16 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 8:01 AM Sunset: 5:49 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy Latest Headlines Why Griffin Dan Cleary hasn’t played a game this season 6:12 pm While the Red Wings great regularly practices with the Griffins he has yet to grace the ice at game time this season. USA Fat Bike National Championship comes to Grand Rapids January 26, 2017 Sunshine, rain or snow, a big bike race is scheduled for Saturday in Grand Rapids. Jim Harbaugh poses for photo with man who hit him with mail truck as a kid January 26, 2017 Missing Bertuzzi and Callahan, Griffins lose to Wild January 25, 2017 Matthews’ 23rd goal helps Maple Leafs beat Red Wings January 25, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Tough health advice? Just Ask Mary! January 27, 2017 eightWest staff Mary Free Bed talks about health and wellness. Head and neck cancer: Treatment options and information January 27, 2017 eightWest staff Cancer and Hematology Centers of West Michigan visits eightWest. Chiaroscuro International Film Series at UICA January 27, 2017 eightWest staff It’s time to register for Art Van Ladies Night Out January 27, 2017 eightWest staff GRPS supt. agreed to all-expenses-paid trip to support DeVos January 26, 2017 Ken Kolker, Target 8 investigator Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines KCAS Pets of the Week: Little Mama and Mary 1:39 pm This week’s pets of the week are looking for a good home. Tough health advice? Just Ask Mary! 11:42 am Mary Free Bed talks about health and wellness. Over $1 Million in Scholarships Available January 26, 2017 The Art Van 68 Day Challenge: How to get involved January 25, 2017 Ottawa County Students Hold Summit for Suicide Prevention January 25, 2017 More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 28° F Overcast Hi: 33° F Lo: 28° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 4:08 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 4:18 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (AP File Photo) Related Coverage Wal-Mart plans to slow new store openings, invest in online Wal-Mart closing 154 US stores, including 2 in MI GM announces $1B factory investment, new jobs NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power HP expands recall of laptop batteries for fire, burn hazard Internet is the new anchor: Woodland Mall Sears closing Thanksgiving Day shopping: Who will be open? Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: Local First LocalMotion Awards 2017 Photos: Mary Tyler Moore through the years Photos: Harlem Globetrotters 2017 World Tour Photos: West MI VEX Regional Robotics Championship Photos: Kids & Family Expo 2017 Featured on eightWest Tough health advice? Just Ask Mary! Head and neck cancer: Treatment options and information Chiaroscuro International Film Series at UICA It’s time to register for Art Van Ladies Night Out GRPS supt. agreed to all-expenses-paid trip to support DeVos Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 1998-2017 woodtv.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Jobs at WOOD TV8 Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Apple Rally After Trump Pans GOP Border Adjustment Tax Wal-Mart and other retail stocks rallied Tuesday after President-elect Trump criticized a House GOP plan to tax imports. (Walmart) JED GRAHAM 1/17/2017 Reprints After a solid month of bad news, Wal-Mart (WMT), Best Buy (BBY), Dollar Tree (DLTR) and other retail stocks were among the biggest winners on Tuesday as doubts emerged over President-elect Donald Trump's plan to slash corporate taxes. Apple (AAPL) also may be seeing a benefit from a disagreement between Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan over how to make a big corporate tax cut fiscally viable. Even as doubts about tax reform helped drag down broad stock market indexes on Tuesday, retailers bucked the trend. Wal-Mart rose 1.9% to 68.42 on the stock market today. Best Buy climbed 2.4% to 44.88 and Dollar Tree jumped 3.1% to 79.51. Gap (GPS) rose 2.1% to 24.15. Meanwhile, Apple edged up 0.8% to 120, extending its breakout past a 118.12 buy point to a 14-month high. A plan backed by Ryan and other House GOP leaders would raise more than $1 trillion by imposing a 20% tax on imports, while making exports tax-free and lowering the federal corporate tax rate to 20%. Trump, in an interview with the Wall Street Journal published Monday, took issue with Ryan's approach. Trump criticized the border-adjusted tax as "too complicated" and said it could result in "a bad deal." While prospects for corporate tax reform have been one of the key drivers of the Trump stock market rally, financial markets and Wall Street analysts see Ryan's border-adjusted tax as bad news for big importers, with retailers especially hard hit. RBC Capital Markets analyst Scott Ciccarelli found that a 20% import tax could wipe out profits at Best Buy and raise Wal-Mart's tax bill by close to $10 billion. While Apple stands to be the biggest beneficiary of a reduced tax rate on profits held overseas, UBS analyst Steve Milunovich has estimated that the company could actually see an earnings drop under the full House GOP approach. Not only would the company face a tax on the value of iPhones it imports to sell in the U.S., but the value of foreign earnings could shrink in dollar terms. IBD'S TAKE: The House GOP tax reform that Trump is considering would likely help foreigners holding U.S. stocks and hit U.S. investors in foreign investments, such as Alibaba's ADRs or overseas ETFs. Trump's chief problem with Ryan's plan appears to be the consensus that a 20% tax on all imports would lead to a significant appreciation of the dollar vs. other currencies. In weekend comments, he specifically called out China and its weakening currency. "Our companies can't compete with them now because our currency is too strong. And it's killing us," Trump said. Trump's comments sent the U.S. dollar index skidding 1.2%, while gold rose 1.6%. The 10-year Treasury yield fell to 2.33%, the lowest since late November, and closed below its 50-day moving average for the first time since late September. Trump has vowed to level the playing field for U.S.-based producers by imposing tariffs, threatening a 35% border tax on automakers producing in Mexico for the U.S. market. But he's skeptical of Ryan's approach because economists expect the 20% tax on imports to lead the U.S. dollar to appreciate vs. foreign currencies, neutralizing any competitive advantage from imposing an import tax. Trump's disagreement with Ryan raises a number of questions. If he doesn't back the border-adjusted tax plan, how will the GOP offset the cost of tax reform? Offsets are needed because legislation passed on a partisan basis in the Senate via reconciliation must be budget neutral after the 10th year. Further, does Trump's dismissal of Ryan's plan mean that he's more likely to make good on his threat to hit imports from Mexico and China with 35% to 45% tariffs? Such a fallback could pose even greater risks to retailers and Apple than the border adjustment tax. RELATED: Trump Trade, Tax Talk Hits Dollar As Mexico Warns On Tariffs Bank Stock Losses Intensify After Trump Rips GOP Tax Plan   JED GRAHAM | Facebook | @IBD_JGraham Share this: Related news Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings reports, including STMicroelectronics and Maxim Integrated Products. (GrayMark/Shutterstock) STMicro, Maxim Integrated Products Among Big Chip Gainers 5:26 PM ET Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings reports, including STMicroelectronics and Maxim Integrated Products. 5:26 PM ET Several chip manufacturers blasted higher Friday on upbeat quarterly earnings... Trump Tax Fears: Wal-Mart, Target, Macy's Hit New Lows Treasury Might Write Checks To Boeing Under GOP Tax Reform Apple iPhone Loses No. 1 Position In China Smartphone Market Nasdaq Scores 1.9% Weekly Gain; Facebook, Apple Steady Ahead Of Earnings The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Comcast Joins Apple, Netflix As Stock Splits Rarer Why Tax Reform Could End In Tears For Trump And GOP Nasdaq Edges Up; Why Apple Is Emerging As A Big Cap Leader Again Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Iowa City woman accused of threatening student newspaper employees Iowa state employees being asked to give up raises White deer holding their own in Eastern Iowa Cedar Rapids police officer Jones remains on paid administrative leave Marion vaults to No. 1 for first time Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump Melania Trump’s lawsuit against blogger can proceed ‘Hidden’ no more: Johnson, a black NASA pioneer, finds acclaim at 98 Trump suspends U.S. refugee program, suspends entry from some countries Iowa law officers union says state rejected its counter-offer on skipping pay raise Wal-Mart pledges to create 10,000 jobs in U.S. this year Part of previously announced plan by company Video Photo Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. (REUTERS/John Gress/Files) By By Nandita Bose and Sruthi Ramakrishnan, Reuters Jan 17, 2017 at 2:22 pm | Print View Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year as part of a previously announced plan, it said on Tuesday, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more U.S. workers. The world’s largest retailer joined companies like General Motors Co and Amazon.com Inc, which have rushed to announce their plans to add U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. The additional jobs at Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, would represent less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce of about 1.5 million and are consistent with its hiring in previous years. Most of the new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores announced in October as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan for the fiscal year beginning in February. Store openings will decline from 130 this year. Wal-Mart hopes to offset that drop by adding positions for e-commerce services like online grocery pickup, a spokesman said. The new stores in the next fiscal year will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. “We view this as an opportunity to participate in an ongoing conversation about the private sector’s role and address the contribution we are making to the community,” Wal-Mart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. Wal-Mart’s announcement comes as it has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. The company said last week that it would cut hundreds of human resources jobs and last year announced plans to eliminate thousands of back-office positions. Wal-Mart said it had offered “customer-facing jobs” to many of those workers. Other companies have also announced plans to add or save jobs. GM said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico, moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. German drug and pesticide maker Bayer AG, which is buying U.S. seed company Monsanto Co, pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. Trump has taken credit for these statements. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,’” he tweeted on Tuesday. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. Your next Business articles Grassley talks farming with school kids, ... In contrast to fellow tech start up Uber ... After months of close calls, Dow finally ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Retail sales Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Business â Economy â Retail sales Wal-Mart to add 10,000 retail jobs File photo by Frederic Brown, AFP/Getty Images. By Michelle Chapman and Annie D’Innocenzio , AP Business Writers Posted: 01/17/17, 12:03 PM PST | Updated: 1 week, 2 days ago # Comments NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. Advertisement It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES RETAIL January 28, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE in India Miss Universe DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2017 The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies Gold Rate Sectors Markets Automotives Banking Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy Retail Shipping Technology Telecoms Tourism Renewables Aviation Live Flights Economy Property GN Property Money Visas Analysis Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus This company is hiring 10,000 people in 2017 President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers Published: 23:25 January 17, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year, about the same as in previous years, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers. Most of Wal-Mart's new jobs will be in 59 new stores planned for the fiscal year beginning in February as well as in e-commerce services, the retailer said on Tuesday. The new stores will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. The additional retail jobs would represent less than 1 percent of Wal-Mart's US workforce of about 1.5 million. US automakers, Amazon.com Inc and other companies have announced plans to create US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. General Motors Co said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico. Wal-Mart said the number of its new jobs would be consistent with previous years. They will be part of a previously announced $6.8 billion capital expenditure plan, which includes construction and remodeling of stores and distribution centers, for the fiscal year starting on Feb. 1. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business ... will have a meaningful impact on the country," Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett said in a statement. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsRetail tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGN FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Global brands take on many forms in UAE 02Alshaya takes 100,000 sq ft at Al Khail Avenue 03Marka announces licensing pact with Real Madrid Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 9Images Pictures: Mohammad Bin Zayed in Mumbai Feb 13, 2016 34Images Dubai Shopping Festival 2012 in pictures Jan 31, 2012 10Images LG unveils flagship V20 smartphone Sep 07, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Mohammad concludes three-day India visit No visa-free facility for Indians here... Kuwait executes Shaikh Faisal, 6 others Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate here Trump to limit access for certain immigrants 8 things to stop wasting money on Drugs worth Dh46m seized in Sharjah How to buy fresh fish: official explains What's special this Indian Republic Day Close Recommended For You Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate herePUBLISHED ON Jan 24, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart's Slowdown Gets Repackaged as a Growth Plan by Molly Smith @MollySmithNews More stories by Molly Smith January 17, 2017, 9:44 AM EST January 17, 2017, 2:27 PM EST Chain adding 10,000 retail jobs, less than 1% of U.S. total Retailer reiterates $6.8 billion target for capital spending Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s slowdown in opening new stores -- part of an effort to cope with sluggish brick-and-mortar sales -- is now being touted as a growth plan. On Tuesday, the company announced its intention to open, expand or relocate 59 Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations this year. While that adds 10,000 retail jobs, the expansion is far smaller than in many previous years and would increase its headcount by less than 1 percent in the U.S. Wal-Mart faces more pressure to show that it’s creating U.S. jobs ahead of Friday’s inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, who has made the issue a signature of his campaign. In a statement Tuesday, Wal-Mart pointed to a plan for $6.8 billion in U.S. capital spending, including the construction of stores and distribution centers, though it previously announced that number last year. “Trump is not afraid to get out in the press and tweet,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. “This is another sign of them trying to get out in front of things.” Investors applauded the approach, sending Wal-Mart’s shares up as much as 3.2 percent to $69.29. The gain was the biggest intraday increase since May and moved the stock into positive territory for the year. Wal-Mart is the largest private employer in the U.S., casting a big spotlight on the company as Trump heads for the White House. It has almost 1.5 million workers in the U.S., out of 2.3 million total. In addition to the 10,000 retail positions, the new and expanded stores will bring an estimated 24,000 construction jobs this year, the company said. ‘Be Selective’ “We’re going to be selective in what we’re opening,” said Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company. “We know we’re driving our U.S. growth.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The company joins many of the largest U.S. businesses in boasting about job creation. General Motors Co. announced a $1 billion investment plan on Tuesday, though the money mostly came from models and plants that have been long in the works. The nation’s top automaker said it will add or retain about 7,000 salaried and hourly workers, including almost 2,000 in domestic factories. Last week, Amazon.com Inc. vowed to hire more than 100,000 people in the U.S. in the next 18 months. Trump saluted GM and Wal-Mart in a tweet on Tuesday, thanking them for “starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” But when Wal-Mart originally announced its capital-spending plan in October, it was characterized as a slowdown of new store openings. The company told investors it would count more on e-commerce and existing stores. Wal-Mart “plans to slow new-store openings, while increasing investments in e-commerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives,” the company said at the time. Supplier Push The customer initiatives include Wal-Mart’s pledge to invest $250 billion in products that support the creation of American jobs by 2023 -- a commitment that remains on track, said Dan Bartlett, executive vice president of corporate affairs. “We’re aggressively pursuing to remove barriers to make manufacturing in the United States as strong as possible,” Bartlett said Tuesday at the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington. The traditionally brick-and-mortar retailer also has made a big e-commerce push, including last year’s $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. While the acquisition seems to have helped boost online sales growth, Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said on Tuesday that there’s still a long way to go. “We gave some others a head start -- we’re trying to catch up,” McMillon said at the annual World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. “We have to build technology into the company more than ever before and become more of a digital enterprise. That requires different ways of working.” Publicity aside, Wal-Mart doesn’t really need to add a bunch of new stores, Yarbrough said. “Opening more supercenters to me is probably the wrong avenue,” he said. “If e-commerce becomes as big as everyone thinks it’s going to be, you’re not going to need 3,800 retail and discount stores across the U.S. When you have that many, do you really need to open more?” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings - 01:12 Alexa versus Siri - 01:53 Mexico tariffs could hurt Americans - 01:40 Goldbean's Jane Barratt on the winners and losers of Trump's first week - 03:22 The ups and down of trading with Trump - 01:51 Breakingviews TV: Trump's GDP dilemma - 05:46 Cuba launches exports to U.S. - 01:08 Euro zone leaders talk banking rules, unity - 01:37 U.S. growth slows - 01:22 Abe preps for Trump talks after America's TPP exit - 01:23 Apple and Amazon battle to control our homes - 02:13 BT boss tries to reconnect with investors - 01:29 Help wanted at Wal-Mart, GM Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - 01:39 Wal-Mart said it'll create 10,000 jobs in the U.S. this year. GM says it'll add 7,000 new jobs in the U.S. over the next two to three years. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Job announcements from two of the biggest U.S. employers. Wal-Mart said it'll create about 10,000 jobs in the U.S. this year. But it's not exactly a hiring spree. Wal-Mart says the number created is roughly in line with jobs created in previous years. Most of the new jobs will come from the 59 new stores it plans to open this fiscal year and from its online business. That would amount to less than 1 percent of its current workforce. Also on Tuesday, General Motors said it plans to add 7,000 new jobs in the U.S. over the next two to three years but acknowledged the jobs announced have been "in the works for some time." GM also said it will move some parts production from Mexico to the U.S. Reuters transportation editor Joe White: SOUNDBITE: JOE WHITE, TRANSPORTATION EDITOR, REUTERS, (ENGLISH) SPEAKING: "It's not at all clear that General Motors is expanding and adding brand new jobs in the United States. It appears to be shuffling jobs from one place to another. But it does appear to be bringing these together in the United States." President-elect Donald Trump tweeted this morning, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." In the last two weeks, Amazon.com and Ford Motor also announced they would be creating domestic jobs. These job announcements come just before President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration this Friday. He had sharply criticized GM and other automakers for building vehicles in Mexico that are sold in the U.S. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2jW99Ih <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=370933003" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Help wanted at Wal-Mart, GM Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - 01:39 Top News » Trump signs order to bar some refugees;... 7:11am IST - (1:34) Anti-abortion activists fired up in Washington... 3:07am IST - (1:46) Hindus wade into the Ganges for 'no moon day' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) French, German leaders visit site of Berlin... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:54) Putin-Trump phone call to take place Saturday Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:31) Gambia's president makes a triumphant return... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:34) Top level State Dept. officers forced out Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) New challenges facing an old 'special... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:48) Trump keen to discuss a TPP alternative with... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:14) Mexico Foreign Minister: paying for wall meant... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Mexico: Trump's wall tax would cost U.S.... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Doomsday Clock ticks closer to midnight Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:50) Rough Cuts » Mudslides slams car into truck, killing... 7:10am IST - (0:40) Trump signs order for rebuilding of military,... 3:47am IST - (1:25) Mexico has "made us look foolish": Trump 12:24am IST - (1:37) Haley presents credentials to U.N. chief... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:43) 'Life is winning again': Pence to... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Trump: Brexit "wonderful" for UK 12:16am IST - (1:00) Trump on Putin: "I hope we have a fantastic... 12:06am IST - (2:03) Trump meets with UK's May at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:38) UK's May arrives at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:34) Miss Universe's preliminary show starts in... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:17) Pro-lifers gather in D.C. to march against... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) UK's May lays wreath at Tomb of the Unknowns Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:07) Technology » Car parks could become 'lungs of the city' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:11) Scientists see a mind controlled virtual... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (2:26) Snow chains for your car that switch on and... Wed, 25 Jan, 2017 - (1:24) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) Three arrested for Facebook Live 'gang-rape' Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) The drone that could herald the end of selfie... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (2:03) Wheat grain size boosted by synthetic chemical Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:16) Understanding your pet's emotions with... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Samsung blames batteries for exploding... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) Digital entrapment for SMEs at every turn Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:49) Oddly Enough » Meet the priest who's also a powerlifting pro Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:58) Japan sumo champ Kisenosato honoured at Tokyo... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Tycoon brings beauty to Manila amid ugly drug... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:01) Indian snake charmers struggle to keep trade... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Man bites roommate's ear off over Trump fear Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Farmers spray milk powder on EU Council to... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (0:52) Spider milking time at the zoo, all to save... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:45) Animal tech firm combines fashion with health Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) Flamenco venue celebrates its 60th anniversary Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (2:07) China's Silk Road hits London for Lunar New... Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Finnish gallery opens exhibition by Juuso the... Wed, 18 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Puppies pound the gridiron for the 13th annual... Tue, 17 Jan, 2017 - (1:29) Entertainment » The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild... 3:53am IST - (1:13) Iranian actress boycotts Oscars over Trump... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Kasabian headline Reading and Leeds festivals Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:05) Willie Nelson cancels shows due to illness Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:36) Ryan Gosling and Damien Chazelle bring 'La La... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) Shia LaBeouf returns to anti-Trump performance... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Iconic war movie 'Apocalypse Now' getting its... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Madonna says Malawi adoption rumours are... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) Sundance doc puts focus on 2022 World Cup... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:49) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Emmy-winning actress Mary Tyler Moore dies at... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:19) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Trump touts new Wal-Mart, GM and Bayer-Monsanto investmentsAFP – Tue, Jan 17, 2017 9:23 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo President-elect Donald Trump, seen January 13, 2017, tweeted "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" President-elect Donald Trump Tuesday trumpeted a trio of major company announcements pledging additional investments in the United States as proof his America-first stance on the economy is already producing results. Wal-Mart Stores, General Motors as well as Bayer and Monsanto, which are in the process of merging, unveiled plans for job creations, new stores, research and assembly plants. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump tweeted in response. Since November, the incoming president has used the bully pulpit of his impending presidency to attack major companies, accusing defense contractors of overcharging for planes and threatening manufacturers with stiff import duties if they sell foreign-made goods on the US market. In succession, business leaders appear to have answered Trump's call, pledging new US investments and domestic job creation. - Wal-Mart Stores - The mega retailer announced Tuesday it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States -- opening, expanding or relocating 59 Walmart and Sam's Club locations and creating 10,000 jobs in stores and online sales. The company also pledged to spend $250 billion on products made, grown, assembled or sourced in the United States. Shares in the company were up 2.3 percent toward 1900 GMT. - General Motors - The US auto giant said it would invest an additional $1 billion inside the United States on top of $2.6 billion already announced last year and would create 5,000 jobs in the coming years. The announced move included 1,500 "retained" positions tied to investments in new vehicle and advanced technologies as well as 450 jobs returned from Mexico. GM's statement came a week after a business-as-usual message from GM CEO Mary Barra, who told reporters at the Detroit Auto Show that the company would press ahead with plans to manufacture the latest version of its GMC Terrain SUV in Mexico. Trump this month singled out GM for criticism on Twitter, threatening the company with import duties for selling a Mexican-made version of the Chevrolet Cruze on the US market. About two percent of all Cruze cars sold in the US are Mexican-made, according to GM. The company's share price had risen 0.2 percent in New York toward 1900 GMT. - Bayer-Monsanto - The German chemicals and pharmaceutical giant Bayer and the US agribusiness firm Monsanto, which Bayer is in the process of acquiring, announced about $8 billion in investment in agricultural research in the United States. The announcement followed last week's meeting between Trump, Bayer CEO Werner Baumann and Monsanto chief Hugh Grant, which a Bayer spokesman described as "productive." A Trump spokesman said the investments were coming "because the president-elect's focus on creating better business climate here in the United States, which has already increased consumer and small-business confidence since the election." The companies, however, did not confirm Trump's statement that they would create at least 3,000 "new US high-tech jobs" or that they would commit to retaining the company's "9,000 plus US workforce." In New York, Monsanto's shares had gained 0.5 percent by 1900 GMT. Top Stories » London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP London should be able to introduce a tax on tourists, according to a study endorsed by Sadiq Khan. The London … Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP Accept EU's freedoms: Merkel tells UKAAP Wall Street stocks finish dramatic week with a whimperAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Walmart to close Neighborhood Market in south… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Shevchenko headlines UFC Denver Fixing Broncos O-line Australian Open update APS budget cuts New Denver skyscraper Denver weather Business Retail Walmart to close Neighborhood Market in south Denver Walmart Neighborhood Market at 3125 S. Sheridan Blvd. in Denver will close March 3. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Emilie Rusch | erusch@denverpost.com | January 17, 2017 at 1:07 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Bill to let bicyclists roll through stop signs gains speed, but there are roadblocks ahead Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban Walmart is shuttering another one of its smaller-format grocery stores in the Denver area, a company spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday. The Walmart Neighborhood Market at 3125 S. Sheridan Blvd. in Denver will close March 3. The pharmacy will stop filling prescriptions Feb. 1. “After a careful and thoughtful review process, we have made the difficult decision to close” that Walmart Neighborhood Market, Walmart spokeswoman Anne Hatfield said. “Over the next year, we’ll continue to innovate our business, invest in e-commerce, and improve our existing stores, including remodeling several Colorado locations.” Related Articles October 6, 2016 Walmart to slow new store openings, invest in e-commerce January 15, 2016 Walmart will close two metro Denver neighborhood markets June 19, 2012 Walmart unveils five new Neighborhood Markets in Denver area The South Sheridan location is the third Neighborhood Market closure in the Denver area in the past year. In early 2016, two Neighborhood Markets in Denver and unincorporated Jefferson County were shuttered, part of a wave of 269 Walmart closures worldwide. In October, the retail giant said it planned to slow new store openings to focus more resources on online sales, technology and store remodels. The South Sheridan store’s 95 employees will be given priority for open positions at nearby stores, Hatfield said. Those who don’t transfer will be paid through March 31. Walmart has seven stores within 10 miles of the closing location, Hatfield said. Tags:  More Business News Walmart Emilie Rusch Emilie Rusch covers commercial real estate and retail for The Post. Reach her at 303-954-2457. Follow Emilie Rusch @emilierusch Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Retail New weed sellers want you to swap chamomile for cannabis January 26, 2017, 3:20 pm Legal marijuana sales are projected to grow to $18 billion in the next four years from $7 billion, according to Arcview Market Research, and a small group of companies are racing to give legitimacy to their products by adopting segmentation techniques to broaden marijuana’s appeal. Business Q&A: Olde Town Flower Shoppe, Arvada January 25, 2017, 2:50 pm What was once Fiori di Flavio is now the Olde Town Flower Shoppe and is offering incredible services for all flower related needs in Arvada. Business Q&A: Downslope Distilling Inc., Centennial January 25, 2017, 2:46 pm This local distillery produces spirits that are getting recognized across the U.S. Coca-Cola not recalling Dasani water January 24, 2017, 5:06 pm Coca-Cola has not issued a recall for Dasani and says the water is safe to drink, despite a false story shared on social media that claimed bottles were found contaminated with a parasite. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 38° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 26° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Updated: 20 mins ago Vice President Mike Pence told the crowd at the March for Life that anti-abortion policies were a top priority of the new administration, an… A look at Trump’s executive order on refugees, immigration Updated: 32 mins ago Trump ordered a four-month suspension to America’s broader refugee program. The suspension is intended to provide time to review how refugee… Standoff situation on SE Lafayette St. 7:30 pm Dyllon Tucker sentenced to more than 7 years in prison 7:20 pm Man not guilty because of mental illness in Kansas attack 5:41 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 38° F Clear Feels Like: 31° F Wind: W 9 Humidity: 48% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:33 AM Sunset: 5:38 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Latest Headlines ‘Hamilton’ cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 5:13 pm The performance by Renee Elise Goldsberry, Jasmine Cephas Jones and Phillipa Soo, who starred as the Schuyler Sisters, will be televised liv… Royals gather in private to remember, celebrate Ventura 4:29 pm Ventura’s fiery passion, million-watt smile and strong work ethic were mentioned several times Friday as his teammates, coaches, Royals supp… Michael Waltrip says his 30th Daytona 500 will be his last 11:50 am American basketball player OK after eye pops out of socket 1:38 pm To stand out at Super Bowl 51, ads are going for stunts 9:40 am Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Latest Headlines Flu outbreaks reported in nearby counties 6:58 pm TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – Kansas health officials say the flu is spreading across the state. The state health department says six outbreaks have… Shopper finds security camera overlooking fitting room January 23, 2017 Samantha Spencer was shopping at the Burlington Coat Factory in Topeka when she noticed something odd: A security camera hanging between the… 2nd graders help pay for dog’s surgery January 26, 2017 Prairie Hills School District recognizes couple for $700K donation January 19, 2017 High school students gather for ‘Safe Day at the Capitol’ January 19, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 38° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 26° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN, AP Business Writers ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Business Writers Published: January 17, 2017, 1:42 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) Related Coverage GM to add or keep 7,000 jobs, make $1B factory investment NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook.   Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Macy’s to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales Johnson County DA says police didn’t violate law in shooting Wal-Mart kicks off Cyber Monday on Friday Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast58° FULL FORECASTOvercast58° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Crime Man with concealed weapons permit fends off robbery suspect in Lutz(w/video) US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News In Pasco County, a teacher of the year who 'won't give up until you understand' Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. 25-year-old makes third man found dead in Seminole Heights since December Many families cling to latest word on gravely ill Plant High grad Suit: Woman says she was sexually assaulted at Bayfront hospital News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Sen. Marco Rubio seeks new path in Donald Trump's D.C. Top News Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. Pence speaks at March for Life as anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally March column: Hagan wants to keep working on transportation, baseball Republicans divided over border wall as Trump era begins In need of allies, Trump and Britain's Theresa May to meet Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College USF fans, patience will pay off next year in the recruiting game Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News NBA midseason report: Getting past the league's PR problem Rays' Jake Odorizzi ready to fight for himself in arbitration Lightning's motto after All-Star break? Just win, baby In praise of All-Star defenseman Victor Hedman, from the NHL's best USF fans, patience will pay off next year in the recruiting game Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Here are the top 50 restaurants of Tampa Bay Top News Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Voter intent on medical marijuana ignored Top Opinion Editorial: Trump chaos unsettles the world Editorial: Spotting an unfair cable fee Editorial: Tourism soars in Tampa Bay Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott undermines the ports he promoted Editorial: Fix Florida's foster care system Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Closing of Ringling Bros. circus brings back 146 years of memories Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 20 By Jean Hamilton, Times Staff Writer JEAN HAMILTONTampa Bay Times Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:30pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LifeSouth Community Blood Center will have blood drives at the following off-site locations during the coming week. Related News/Archive Hernando Briefs for Jan. 20 1 Week Ago Hometown Hernando for Jan. 20 1 Week Ago Hernando Business digest for Jan. 20 1 Week Ago Jan. 20: 7 a.m. to 3 p.m., Springstead High School, 3300 Mariner Blvd., Spring Hill; 4 to 9 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville. Jan. 21: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Ridge Manor Community Center, 34240 Cortez Blvd., Ridge Manor. Jan. 22: 7 a.m. to 1 p.m., First United Methodist Church, 9344 Spring Hill Drive, Spring Hill; 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., Faith Evangelical Presbyterian Church, 200 Mount Fair Ave., Brooksville; 1:30 to 5 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville; 1:30 to 4 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 23: 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Sam's Club, 13360 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill. Jan. 24: 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m., Glen Lakes Country Club, 9000 Glen Lakes Blvd., north of Weeki Wachee; noon to 2 p.m., Pasco-Hernando State College North Campus, 11415 Ponce de Leon Blvd., Brooksville; 3 to 6 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville; 4:30 to 7 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 25: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Hernando County Government Center, 20 N Main St., Brooksville; 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Lakewood Plaza, 4395 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Jan. 26: 10 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., Moss Chiropractic Clinic, 1377 Deltona Blvd., Spring Hill; 1 to 7 p.m., Five Guys Burgers and Fries, 13165 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill; 3 to 6 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill. The blood center, at 12395 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill, is open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sundays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays, and from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays. Donors must be 16 or older (16-year-olds must have written parental consent). All donors must present photo identification. For information, call (352) 596-2002. Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 20 01/17/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 2:30pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES RETAIL January 28, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE in India Miss Universe DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2017 The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies Gold Rate Sectors Markets Automotives Banking Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy Retail Shipping Technology Telecoms Tourism Renewables Aviation Live Flights Economy Property GN Property Money Visas Analysis Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus This company is hiring 10,000 people in 2017 President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers Published: 23:25 January 17, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year, about the same as in previous years, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more US workers. Most of Wal-Mart's new jobs will be in 59 new stores planned for the fiscal year beginning in February as well as in e-commerce services, the retailer said on Tuesday. The new stores will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. The additional retail jobs would represent less than 1 percent of Wal-Mart's US workforce of about 1.5 million. US automakers, Amazon.com Inc and other companies have announced plans to create US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. General Motors Co said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico. Wal-Mart said the number of its new jobs would be consistent with previous years. They will be part of a previously announced $6.8 billion capital expenditure plan, which includes construction and remodeling of stores and distribution centers, for the fiscal year starting on Feb. 1. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business ... will have a meaningful impact on the country," Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett said in a statement. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsRetail tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGN FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Global brands take on many forms in UAE 02Alshaya takes 100,000 sq ft at Al Khail Avenue 03Marka announces licensing pact with Real Madrid Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 9Images Pictures: Mohammad Bin Zayed in Mumbai Feb 13, 2016 34Images Dubai Shopping Festival 2012 in pictures Jan 31, 2012 10Images LG unveils flagship V20 smartphone Sep 07, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Mohammad concludes three-day India visit No visa-free facility for Indians here... Kuwait executes Shaikh Faisal, 6 others Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate here Trump to limit access for certain immigrants 8 things to stop wasting money on Drugs worth Dh46m seized in Sharjah How to buy fresh fish: official explains What's special this Indian Republic Day Close Recommended For You Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate herePUBLISHED ON Jan 24, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation Wal-Mart Fires Employee For Carrying Gun While on Duty as a Police Officer Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Wal-Mart Fires Employee For Carrying Gun While on Duty as a Police Officer Posted at 2:15 pm on January 17, 2017 by Jim Jamitis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Like a lot of police officers, Michael Zuby moonlights as private security. Zuby worked as a security guard at Pennsylvania Wal-Mart, until one day he entered the store to buy himself  some lunch while on duty and in uniform as a police officer. Wal-Mart fired him for carrying a gun, which he is required to do while on duty. Officer Michael Zuby had been employed by both the Taylor Police Department and Wal-Mart as a security guard. The flashpoint of the dispute occurred approximately two weeks after Wal-Mart hired Officer Zuby in July 2015. While the officer was on duty with the Police Department, he stopped at the Wal-Mart store in Taylor for lunch in full uniform. His security guard boss saw him and told him he could not be armed on store property. Officer Zuby responded he was a police officer and had to be armed in his jurisdiction of Taylor.   Zuby is now suing Wal-Mart for wrongful termination. The lawsuit states the store then twice requested a letter from the borough of Taylor prohibiting Officer Zuby from entering Wal-Mart property while on duty as a police officer. According to the lawsuit, which calls the request “illegal,” the police chief refused this request both times, noting the officer may have to respond to a call there as the business is in the Police Department’s jurisdiction. Wal-Mart is is arguing that the firing is because Zuby has a conflict of interest. Wal-Mart policy bans employees from carrying weapons of any kind while on company property, but that was not the issue here, said Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for the company. The conflict of interest of Officer Zuby serving as both a police officer and a store security guard in his police jurisdiction concerned the company, Mr. Hargrove said. Actually the issue here is unthinking adherence to zero-tolerance policies no matter the situation. Trending Atlantic's Abortion Article So Riddled With Misinformation It Has to Make FIVE Retractions | RedStat Kira Davis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: Guns lawsuit Pennsylvania Police Wal-Mart Recent Stories Chuck Todd Admits Media Ignored Stories, Avoided Criticism of Hillary Clinton in Election Coverage Mickey White Nailed It: Trump is Gaslighting the Media Jennifer Van Laar Mitch McConnell: Nuclear Option Is Actually Not An Option streiff COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Sean Spicer Attacks CNN For Using A Word He Doesn't Understand Watch Mia Love Give The Most Powerful Speech At The March for Life (VIDEO) Chuck Todd Admits Media Ignored Stories, Avoided Criticism of Hillary Clinton in Election Coverage Nailed It: Trump is Gaslighting the Media Mitch McConnell: Nuclear Option Is Actually Not An Option Seen and Heard at the March for Life: Joy, Life, Love Kira Davis ‘Wow!’ Students for Life Share Amazing Time Lapse Video of March for Life Jim Jamitis Megyn Kelly to Take Over Hour Three of Today Show Mickey White Senator Sanders, Spare Us Your Bogus Pandering About Science Jim Jamitis Planned Parenthood Lashes out at “March Of Lies” in Twitter Screed Mickey White The Case for Dr. Tom Price Herman Cain Related Stories POPCORN TIME: Philly Dem orders gays into re-education Neil Stevens Democrat Governor Signs Law Making Resisting Arrest a Hate Crime in Louisiana Jim Jamitis Trending on Townhall Media Audit the Fed Bill Coming Up, Trump Will Likely Sign finance.townhall.com Why a Flat Tax Is the Right Way to Go on Taxes | Human Events humanevents.com Rampant 'Trump Acceptance Resistance Disorder' Becomes an Epidemic bearingarms.com Bernie Sanders’ old digital team built a tool to allow people to bother Donald Trump’s businesses – twitchy.com twitchy.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Says It Will Add 10,000 Jobs, Open Dozens Of Stores This Year Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Says It Will Add 10,000 Jobs, Open Dozens Of Stores This Year Image courtesy of Will January 17, 2017 12:40 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a change of pace walmart retail big box retailer jobs opening new stores remodeling adding jobs A year after Walmart announced it would close 154 stores round the country, eliminating the jobs of about 10,000 employees, the big box retailer unveiled plans to open or relocate dozens of stores and hire more than 10,000 workers. In announcing its 2017 goals on Tuesday, Walmart laid out plans to bolster its workforce and store footprint, despite reports just last week that the retailer was laying off hundreds of employees in a human resources reorganization. As part of its plan, the company says it will add about 10,000 retail jobs created through the opening of 59 new, expanded, or relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities, as well as its e-commerce services. The company notes that its expansion and remodeling plans will also support 24,000 construction jobs. In addition to adding more employees to its roster, Walmart says that it will focus on improving its current employees through its network of so-called training academies. During the year, the retailer will provide 225,000 associates with up to six weeks of specialty training related to running stores, meeting the needs of customers, and other retail fundamentals.   Walmart’s plan to add jobs comes just a week after it was reported that the company would eliminate hundreds of jobs around the country before the end of its fiscal year on Jan. 31. The bulk of the cuts are reportedly focused on the company’s human resources division, where executives believe the positions could be more streamlined, with duties being taken over by outside consultants or other employees. A rep for the company told Consumerist at the time that it had made no announcements related to its 1.5 million associates at the corporate and store level. January 17, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a change of pace walmart retail big box retailer jobs opening new stores remodeling adding jobs Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related more helpers on hand Walmart Tackling Long Checkout Lines This Holiday Season With Troop Of “Helpers” wage wars Walmart To Give Nearly 40% Of Employees Pay Increases Over The Next Year hit the road Report: Walmart To Lay Off Hundreds Of Employees By End Of The Month honesty is step one Walmart Finally Admits That Its Empty Shelves Are A Big Problem more money more walmart Walmart “Looking At” Support Of Minimum Wage Increase Previous Report: Affordable Care Act Repeal Could Increase Rates, Leave 18 Million Without Coverage After First Year Next Would Surge Pricing Help Prevent Traffic Gridlock On Busy Roadways? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Would Surge Pricing Help Prevent Traffic Gridlock On Busy Roadways? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 641 51 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year. Post to Facebook Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 60 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 Adam Shell , USA TODAY Published 10:48 a.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 4:44 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Walmart's big public announcement adding 10,000 U.S. jobs should please the President-elect. USA TODAY NETWORK A Walmart in Marietta, Ga. (Photo: Erik S. Lesser, EPA) 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Retail giant Walmart said Tuesday that it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, the latest American company to promote its domestic-focused hiring and investment ahead of Friday's transfer of power from President Obama to President-elect Donald Trump. The new Walmart hires will work at soon-to-be-opened stores, expanded existing stores and e-commerce services, the company said Tuesday. In addition, Walmart said an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will support its plans to open new stores and remodel existing ones. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we can play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. The low-price retailer pays its workers about  $9 per hour to $24.70 per hour, according to a year-ago press release announcing 2016 pay hikes for employees that went into effect last February. The average wage for full-time workers was $13.38 per hour, and $10.58 per hour, on average, for part-time workers, according to a Walmart press release. USA TODAY American Apparel to lay off hundreds Walmart, which employs 1.5 million U.S. workers, is the latest American company to go on the public relations offensive and emphasize its commitment to U.S. workers since Trump won the presidential election in November. The billionaire businessman has stressed via tweets and public statements his preference for U.S. firms to boost investment and create more jobs in the U.S., rather than set up shop in cheaper locales around the globe. "Companies (are) getting in front of the shape of things to come, and that is Trump will think USA first at all times; so politics matter to these companies," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Politically, it puts them 'in favor' with the new administration while creating jobs here." The list of companies stressing their commitment to the U.S. is growing. General Motors, for example, announced Tuesday that it will invest an additional $1 billion in U.S. manufacturing, on top of the $21 billion it has invested in U.S. operations since 2009. In a statement, GM said a "combination of 1,500 new and retained jobs are tied to the new investments." The moves by Walmart and GM follow last week's announcement by online retailer Amazon.com that it plans to create more than 100,000 U.S. jobs in the next 18 months. Earlier in January, automaker Ford said it was canceling plans to build a new plant in Mexico and instead would make a $700 million investment in Michigan, creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. Back in November, air conditioner maker Carrier announced a deal to keep roughly 1,000 jobs in Indianapolis after nixing plans to move jobs to Mexico. USA TODAY GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. after pressure from Trump Walmart's job announcement follows the retailer's decision in January 2016 to announce the closing of 154 poor-performing U.S. stores, which affected 10,000 U.S. workers. And in September, the company said it would eliminate 7,000 store accounting and invoicing positions as the company moved to automate those processes, but said workers would be offered positions elsewhere in its stores. Walmart also said Tuesday that it would open 160 new "training Academies around the country" and provide "specialty training" for more than 225,000 of its workers. The retailer also is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year. Longer term, Walmart reiterated a commitment made in 2013 to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart has a new plan to take on Amazon The Motley Fool Daniel B. Kline 1/17/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Wal-Mart is working to leverage the one advantage it has over Amazon to gain ground on the online leader. The problem is that nearly every bricks-and-mortar retailer pursuing a digital strategy has the same idea: Use the fact that you have physical stores to support your online business. It's a concept that can work to stop sales from dropping or even slightly grow them, but so far the idea that physical stores can push online operations to new heights remains just a theory. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 65.66 -1.07 -1.60% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 835.77 -3.38 -0.40% If any company can make it happen, however, it would be Wal-Mart, which has a physical infrastructure on a stunning scale. The challenge for the chain is moving from an operation built to supply its stores to one that can also handle individual orders in a variety of ways. To make that happen, Wal-Mart will have to change its entire culture. The company can't stop servicing its physical locations, but it has to put its online customers -- including those who want to pick up or drop off a return in-store -- on par with (or even above) those who shop in-person at a bricks-and-mortar location. It's recently made some personnel moves that seem aimed at making that happen. What is Wal-Mart doing? The company understands just how big a challenge it faces. Its first major move was to spend $3.3 billion acquiring Jet.com and then putting its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of Wal-Mart's entire digital operation. In theory, that purchase brought some start-up culture to Wal-Mart's entrenched, traditional retail way of doing things. Putting Lore in charge also sent a strong message, but it was one that perhaps did not impact the traditional bricks-and-mortar part of the company because the new digital CEO did not have much pull at the chain's physical stores. That looks to be changing, however, as the company has moved two key executives under Lore and into roles that bridge both physical and digital operations, ReCode reported. Jeremy King, who served as chief technology officer for the company's online operations in the United States, will now add technology operations at physical stores to his purview. In addition, Tony Rogers, who had been chief marketing officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, will now also head up marketing for Walmart.com and Jet.com. "We were starting to see our stores and eCommerce teams solving many of the same problems and now we can remove what might've become more duplication in the future," Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in a memo, according to ReCode. "I know change isn't always easy, but, I'm certain our future success is partially dependent on becoming more of a technology company in our stores and clubs and everywhere else the customer sees us." Call this a "One Wal-Mart" movement where to take on Amazon the company has to stop thinking of digital as an add-on to or a separate business from its physical stores. It's a way of thinking that could change everything for the chain if Lore actually has the freedom to push digital solutions where they make sense even if it hurts in-store sales. Wal-Mart wants to make a leap Making this type of change is not about simply growing online sales. The company has been doing that steadily, with global e-commerce growing by 20.6% in the most recent quarter. Instead, the task facing Lore and his team is completely reimagining how the retailer does business in order to be a true Amazon rival. That ultimately could mean fewer stores or using space inside bricks-and-mortar locations previously devoted to serving in-store customers to fulfill digital orders. This is about much more than ordering online and picking up in store. It's an internal fight for Wal-Mart to decide whether it wants to put whatever the customer wants and however the customer wants it over doing business more or less as it always has. This type of change, as McMillon said, isn't always easy, and, in fact, it often proves impossible. Wal-Mart has put people into place and the chain's management seems to understand the challenge, but actually solving the problem could require some very painful moves. Buying Jet.com, putting Lore in charge, and making these latest moves shows that Wal-Mart at least understands where it needs to go. Getting there, however, won't be a straight line and it will require finding a way to turn the world's largest physical retailer into a company that's a technology-first, consumer-first operation. SPONSORED: 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart Stores When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market. David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, and Wal-Mart Stores wasn't one of them. That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Motley Fool 5 Rock-Solid Dividend Secrets Any Retiree Can Use The Motley Fool Your Cable Company Was Just Placed on Life Support The Motley Fool Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea The Motley Fool The Motley Fool View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Nintendo Switch Pre-orders up again at Walmart Chris Burns - Jan 17, 2017 4 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit While many stores have – seemingly – sold out of the Nintendo Switch well before its on-sale date, Walmart suggests they’ve got stock. They wont have the device in stores until the street date, just like every other store that we’re aware of so far – but they’ve got numbers. Walmart’s suggestion is that they have enough potential stock that they’re able to continue offering the Nintendo Switch on pre-order with guarantee of a unit to every person that comes in and orders. To pre-order a Nintendo Switch device from Walmart, users will be best off actually entering a physical store location. “Customers can pre-order in Walmart stores by putting 10 percent down to reserve the Switch,” said Walmart PR. “Customers should visit the Pickup desk to pre-order the item. Pre-orders are available while supplies last.” “Pre-ordering through Walmart guarantees customers will have the Switch console on launch day.” That’s not always true with stores offering pre-orders, but Walmart guarantees it. Make certain the store you’re dealing with is in on this guarantee before you place your order. Some of the games we expect to sell as quick as Nintendo can release them are included in our feature Every Nintendo Switch Game Trailer Released So Far. There you’ll find every game trailer yet released – at least up until a few days ago. First, have a peek at The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wind. [youtube zw47_q9wbBE] While we’re still not certain why Super Mario Odyssey wasn’t released with the console itself, we’re sure it’ll be a smash. This game will be released to the public during “Holiday 2017” – which is to say December of this year. There it’ll be a real holiday bash. [youtube 5kcdRBHM7kM] Finally we’ve got the full Nintendo Switch Presentation in its super-long entirety. A full hour of nothing but Nintendo Switch action. This is the sort of presentation only Nintendo can accomplish, of that you can be sure. [youtube Ntzz8O7SpWs] Don’t hesitate – unless you want to wait until release date to find out whether or not the Switch has been sold out in its entirety. It’s doubtful any store will hold back stock just to place them on the shelves for the few minutes they’ll be up. Stick around as we continue to cover this monster of a device through release! Story Timeline Nintendo Switch Parental Controls app supports time limits, game ratings More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Nintendo Switch: The good, the bad, and the ugly Nintendo Switch pre order sellout sends gamers hunting Nintendo Switch eschews bundled games to keep price down Tags ConsolesGame ConsoleGamingnintendoNintendo SwitchWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes Nintendo Switch’s simple specs shared: Pro Control or Just No? Apple joins Partnership on AI to explore “ethical” artificial intelligence Samsung Galaxy S8 leaks: Tiny bezels, moved fingerprint sensor, more Google Daydream grabs HTC’s Vive design chief Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Latest Headlines Shazam speeds up song identification with new Android shortcut Jan 27, 2017 Gear Fit Pro trademark hints at new Samsung fitness wearable Jan 27, 2017 Resident Evil 7 biohazard sold 2.5m units in first three days Jan 27, 2017 NASA’s twin study finds notable biological changes after a year in space Jan 27, 2017 KontrolFreek unveils performance gaming clothes for gamers Jan 27, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Jan 25, 2017 Razer BlackWidow Chroma V2 Review: Top Marks Jan 25, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Golf Alltrack Review: The would-be crossover killer Jan 19, 2017 QCY Q29 Wireless Earbuds Review: AirPods on a budget Jan 18, 2017 NVIDIA SHIELD TV Review (Gen2, 2017) Jan 16, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Las Vegas Sun January 27, 2017 Currently: 48° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Basketball Newsletter signup 0 Comments Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. Jae C. Hong / AP In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. By Michelle Chapman and Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 | 9:35 a.m. NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending School Board OKs ‘sanctuary’ status for Clark County immigrants Meet the local basketball prospect who is drawing interest from UNLV Grammys, CBS to honor Bee Gees with tribute concert Confident, or in denial? NLV mayor says Faraday plant ‘will be built’ California once again on center stage with NFL on the move Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Willie Nelson: At 83, singer-songwriter is as relevant as ever Dining: Aureole remains angelic after upgrades Music: August Burns Red set to ignite in L.V. Featured Galleries Frampton and Cruz Make Weight Desert Grown Farms 2017 North Las Vegas State of the City More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 27 Fri 28 Sat 29 Sun 30 Mon 31 Tue Neon Lit The Writer's Block An Intimate Evening with Santana House of Blues RL Grime Intrigue All events on Friday » Paws on the Patio: Street Smarts Gene Woods Racing Experience, 121 E. Sunset Road, Las Vegas, NV 89119 | 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. Amplified The Artisan Hotel | 8 p.m. to midnight Rabbit Hole Two-Year Anniversary The Bunkhouse Saloon | 10 p.m. to 11:59 p.m. All events on Saturday » Champagne and Shampoo Sundays Kelly Cardenas Salon inside Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, 4455 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, NV 89169 Las Vegas Jewish Film Festival Multiple venues DJ Franzen Drai's All events on Sunday » Monday Night Pigskin Parties South Point Showroom Ruckus Marquee Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon All events on Monday » The Las Vegas Lineup: Identifying the Past for the Future Clark County Library Tacos and Tequila Tuesdays Nacho Daddy locations Unique Massive Double Down Saloon All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press January 17, 2017 1:03 pm Share FINANCIAL MARKETS US stock indexes dip, along with bond yields and dollar NEW YORK (AP) — Losses for financial and health care stocks pulled U.S. indexes modestly lower today and put the Dow Jones industrial average at risk for its third straight loss. Federal News Radio conducted an exclusive data center survey to assess how agencies are storing data. Download the results. Bond prices rose, while the dollar’s value sank against the British pound and other rivals. Advertisement At 12:50 p.m. Eastern Time, the Dow was down 46 points at 19,840. The S&P 500 fell 5 points to 2,270. And the Nasdaq fell 28 points to 5,547. CONGRESS-HEALTH OVERHAUL Analysis says premiums would jump WASHINGTON (AP) — Congress’ nonpartisan budget analyst says premiums would jump sharply and millions more people would be without health coverage under a bill Republicans passed last year eliminating President Barack Obama’s health care overhaul. The Congressional Budget office says under that measure, premiums for people buying policies on the law’s online marketplaces would jump up to 25 percent in the first year after enactment. They’d about double by 2026. It also says there’d be 18 million new uninsured people in the first year after enactment. That number would grow to 32 million by 2026. Republicans have said they’re using last year’s bill as a starting point as they try to dismantle Obama’s law this year and replace it. Last year’s measure did not include any replacement provisions. Obama vetoed last year’s bill. TRUMP-BOEING Boeing CEO cites progress on Air Force One cost WASHINGTON (AP) — The head of Boeing says “great progress” has been made in negotiations with President-elect Donald Trump to settle on a new price tag for the Air Force One program. Trump last month blasted the proposed cost to replace the aging fleet of presidential aircraft. He met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg last month and again today in Trump Tower. BRITAIN-BREXIT British PM calls for a clean Brexit break LONDON (AP) — Britain’s future outside the European Union is becoming much clearer. Prime Minister Theresa May, in a speech today, said the U.K. wants to free itself from governance by the EU. But it still wants to be allies — and trading partners, without tariffs — with the 27 remaining EU nations. Some analysts are saying her plans are ambitious — like a divorcing couple who want to stay best friends, share the kids, and keep each other’s front door keys. DAVOS Dollar rise could hurt developing economies DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) — The dollar’s strength could lead to financial bailouts in emerging market economies and even an intervention to limit the currency’s rise. That’s the view of David Rubenstein, co-CEO of The Carlyle Group, a leading private equity firm. Addressing delegates at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, Rubenstein says there’s a risk of “potentially another Mexican-style crisis” in emerging markets because many firms that borrowed in dollars won’t be able repay the loans if their earnings are in local currency while the dollar appreciates. He says there’s around $4.5 trillion in emerging market corporate debt that is dollar-denominated. He says there may well have “to be some intervention” to rein in the dollar or “you’re going to have to bail some of these countries out.” DAVOS-CHINA Chinese president presses case for free trade DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) —Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) is pressing his case for free trade, urging the world to “say no to protectionism” and warning that “no one will emerge as a winner in a trade war. Xi made the comments today in an opening address to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Swizerland. It’s the first such visit ever by a Chinese head of state to the gathering of world business and political leaders. Xi didn’t directly mention U.S. President-elect Donald Trump but cast China as a standard-bearer of free trade amid concerns in some corners that the new U.S. administration may enact more protectionist measures in trade. Xi says the world must “remain committed to promoting free trade and investment through opening up” and said “pursuing protectionism is like locking oneself in a dark room.” UNITED NATIONS-WORLD ECONOMIC FORECAST UN forecasts modest economic recovery but no robust revival UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The United Nations is forecasting a modest economic recovery in 2017-18 but warns the projection is an indication of economic stabilization rather than a signal of robust revival. In its annual economic report released today, the U.N. says the world economy expanded by 2.2 percent in 2016, the slowest rate of growth since the 2009 recession. It forecast growth of 2.7 percent this year and 2.9 percent in 2018, a slight downward revision from its mid-year predictions in May. The U.N. report says: “Underpinning the sluggish global economy are the feeble pace of global investment, dwindling world trade growth, flagging productivity growth and heavy levels of debt.” It says low commodity prices have exacerbated these factors. Assistant Secretary-General Lenni Montiel has urged redoubled efforts to promote stronger global economic growth. WAL-MART-HIRING Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. says there will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs facilities. The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. GENERAL MOTORS GM announces $1B factory investment, new jobs DETROIT (AP) — General Motors will make a $1 billion investment in its factories that will create or keep around 1,500 jobs. A person briefed on the matter says the investment is part of the normal process of equipping factories to build new models, and it’s been planned for months. GM also says axle production for its next generation full-size pickup trucks will move to Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. Some of that production had been done in Mexico. And, the Detroit automaker is confirming that a supplier in Michigan will make components for those pick-up trucks, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico. SKOREA-HYUNDAI MOTOR-US Hyundai highlights US spending plan before Trump inaugurated SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Hyundai Motor Group says it will significantly increase its investment in the U.S. while Donald Trump is president and is considering building a new U.S. factory. A president of the Hyundai group says Hyundai Motor, Kia Motors and their affiliated companies will spend $3.1 billion during the five years through 2021 on research and development and maintaining their factories in Alabama and Georgia. BRITAIN-ROLLS ROYCE Rolls Royce agrees to pay $808 million on bribery claims LONDON (AP) — Jet engine maker Rolls Royce has agreed to pay $808 million to settle bribery and corruption charges brought by authorities in Britain, the U.S. and Brazil. A U.K. High Court judge will examine the deferred prosecution agreement during a public hearing today. The scandal involved intermediaries in overseas markets including Indonesia and China. Rolls-Royce says in a statement that the “voluntary agreements” will result in the suspension of prosecution. But Transparency International’s U.K. executive director Robert Barrington says individuals should be prosecuted so the case serves as a deterrent to bribery. He says that “whether or not this settlement is in the public interest, the key individuals responsible for corrupt behavior must not be allowed to evade justice.” TOBACCO MERGER British American Tobacco agrees on takeover of Reynolds LONDON (AP) — British American Tobacco has agreed to fully take over Reynolds American Inc. on terms that are improved from an initial bid made last year. The takeover would create the world’s largest publicly traded tobacco company and combine BAT’s presence in developing countries, where anti-smoking campaigns are not as strong as in the U.S. and Europe, with Reynolds’ almost exclusive focus on the U.S. BAT says it will buy the 57.8 percent of Reynolds it does not already own. Reynolds shareholders will receive for each share $29.44 in cash and 0.5260 BAT shares. BAT says that values Reynolds at $59.64 per share, or $49.4 billion for the stake to be acquired. BAT sells Dunhill, Rothmans and Lucky Strike cigarettes, while Reynolds owns brands like Newport, Camel and Pall Mall. AIRLINES-RANKINGS Hawaiian, Delta top on-time ratings for US airlines UNDATED (AP) — The chances that your flight will be on time and won’t get canceled appear to be looking up. The federal Department of Transportation reports that 86.5 percent of U.S. flights in November arrived on time, an improvement over both the previous month and November 2015. Less than one-third of 1 percent of domestic flights were canceled, the lowest rate in any month since the department started keeping comparable records in 1995. And the rate of bags that got lost, delayed or damaged was the lowest in figures that go back to 1987. Hawaiian Airlines and Delta Air Lines posted the best rates for on-time arrivals, more than 90 percent. Virgin America, which is now owned by Alaska Airlines’ parent, had the worst mark. TAXES-OVERVIEW IRS refund delays could hear the neediest taxpayers WASHINGTON (AP) — The Internal Revenue Service’s battle against fraud and identity theft is intensifying as the tax filing season opens, and some of the neediest taxpayers are getting caught in the middle. The agency is barred from issuing refunds before Feb. 15 on any returns claiming the Earned Income Tax Credit or the Additional Child Tax Credit. Congress mandated the delay to give the IRS more time to review returns to try to catch fraudulent ones before refunds are paid out. Dave DuVal, vice president of customer advocacy at TaxAudit.com, says some taxpayers are living “paycheck to paycheck and this is money they’re counting on.” This year’s filing deadline is Tuesday, April 18, since the traditional April 15 date falls on a Saturday, and D.C. Emancipation Day is observed on April 17. IMMACULATA-TUITION REDUCTION Immaculata University to cut tuition by 23% for 2017-18 MALVERN, Pa. (AP) — A Catholic college in suburban Philadelphia says it’s reducing its tuition by 23 percent for the 2017-18 academic year to offset the rising cost of higher education. Tuition to Immaculata University in Chester County will be reset from $34,410 to $26,500 next year. Without the reduction, university officials say tuition including room and board would’ve risen to nearly $50,000 in 2017-18. Immaculata will additionally scale back the amount of funding the school awards in scholarships and grants. As a result, students’ out-of-pocket costs will not reflect much of a change. The tuition reduction follows similar plans executed locally by both Rosemont College and La Salle University. Gerald Wargo Jr., vice president for enrollment management, says the move is all about opening up Immaculata to more potential applicants. Topics: Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 28° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Mostly cloudy. Low near 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 8:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) AP Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers Jan 17, 2017 0 Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Tags Wire Business General News Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Labor Economy Economy Products And Services Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now World wide support, respect grows for Devin Martz Muscatine residents demonstrate in Des Moines Women's March Sale of a school: Washington Elementary gets a new life Greg H. Mullen "Slow equals fair," Muscatine City Attorney says Business Directory Latest Local Offers Amanda Buenemann State Farm Don't wait until you have an accident to find out if you're properly insured. Let State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her team help find the blindspots in your coverage now! Call now to schedule your free insurance and financial consultation! 563-263-2744 Updated 6 hrs ago Non-Emergency Transport We Proudly Provide Muscatine with Prompt, Safe, and Comfortable Non-Emergency Transportation for You and Your Loved Ones! Click Here for Details! (563) 299-3513 Updated 6 hrs ago Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 20 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page A7 Page A8 (0) More on this topic Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department On Holocaust Remembrance Day, Trump slams door on refugees 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 The Latest: Trump to skip dinner with Washington elite Currents +14 National Photos: Thousands attend March for Life in DC Movies These iconic movies are celebrating big anniversaries in 2017 Election 2016 Live A breakdown of executive orders issued by recent presidents Today’s top pics: Lunar New Year celebrations and more Your daily 6: Blago's daughter unloads on Obama; another TV icon dies Today iIn History, Jan. 27: Auschwitz & Birkenau Today's Birthdays, Jan. 27: Patton Oswalt Quintana wants to stay with rebuilding White Sox Patriots' quiet leader Slater humbled by chance at 2nd ring No Bull: Wade, Butler, Rondo stand ground on strong comments Brady says there's no extra motivation going to Super Bowl Latest Local Offers Did you Know Non-Emergency Transport Offers Wheelchair Transport and More in Muscatine!? Click Here for Details! Non-Emergency Transport offers flexible transportation 24 hours per day, 7 days per week inc… Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann offers a wonderful referral program - Refer someone to our office and receive a $10 gift card. For more information, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Ads Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Non-Emergency Transport offers flexible transportation 24 hours per day, 7 days per week inc… Non-Emergency Transport Serving Muscatine & Surrounding Areas, Muscatine, IA 52761 563-299-3513 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall Pence, Conway cheer on March for Life Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 51° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 38° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Latest Headlines Many are not taking advantage of important tax break Updated: 12 mins ago The mayor points out the credit mainly helps low-income families pay their groceries and other bills, putting money back in our local econom… Austin to consider safety, labor requirements for faster permits Updated: 34 mins ago The Austin City Council will be weighing whether to tie access to a faster permitting process to building and labor standards. Suspect in bank robbery attempts caught by Austin police Updated: 41 mins ago Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 5 mins ago As Year of the Rooster dawns, ‘phoenix claws’ grace the menu Updated: 45 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 51° F Overcast Feels Like: 51° F Wind: NNE 3 Humidity: 33% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:24 AM Sunset: 6:03 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Investigations David Barer Brian Collister Josh Hinkle Robert Maxwell Kylie McGivern Kevin Schwaller Latest Headlines Austin ISD getting a better handle on payroll problems January 23, 2017 Chief financial officer says the data doesn’t add up after employee said she was evicted and lost her car over payroll issues. Austin police monitor wants more done to prevent racial profiling January 19, 2017 In 2015, 1,134 people contacted the OPM or the Austin Police Department’s Internal Affairs Department wishing to file a complaint. Now hiring: Ag Commissioner Sid Miller needs a wheelman January 13, 2017 Lawmaker responds to questions about DPS border arrests January 11, 2017 Dental Board proposes improvements in sedation safety January 6, 2017 Sports Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Complimentary Small Laser Treatment for First Time Clients 4:27 pm spa810 is located at 2009 main street in Lakeway. Call 512-524-9602 or go to spa810.com for more details. A Healthy Recipe to Keep Your New Year’s Resolutions Going 4:22 pm Look for Honeysuckle White turkey products at your local H-E-B grocery store and visit HoneysuckleWhite.com for even more recipe ideas for a… Tips for Must-Have Metallic Lips 3:58 pm A Positive Way to Stop Bullying 3:50 pm A Tasty Way to Make Gluten-Free Pancakes 3:45 pm Search for: Search the site 51° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 38° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 11:19 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months, including jobs in Texas Lottery ticket worth $1,000 dropped in Salvation Army kettle Sears sells Craftsman brand, Macy’s closing dozens of stores HP expands recall of laptop batteries due to fire, burn hazards Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Suspect arrested in deadly Georgetown hit-and-run Travis County sheriff embroiled in immigration debate speaks for the first time Austin to consider safety, labor requirements for faster permits Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Women’s March on Austin PHOTOS: Inauguration Day protests in Austin Protesters march through Austin as President Trump takes office PHOTOS: Donald Trump sworn in as 45th President of the United States PHOTOS: Fiery sunrise over Austin, surrounding areas Gorgeous Central Texas January sunset Military aircraft crashes into water near La Porte PHOTOS: Holiday therapy dogs spreading cheer for Austin rehab patients Holiday therapy dogs offering help for rehab patients PHOTOS: Happy Holidays from the KXAN team Happy Holidays from the KXAN team PHOTOS: ‘Baby it’s cold outside,’ freezing temperatures in Austin-area ‘Baby it’s cold outside’ PHOTOS: Dogs vetted through training now part of Texas DPS Survivor recalls fear, anger on day of Pearl Harbor attack 36 dead in warehouse party blaze ‘Fire everywhere,’ guests trapped inside Gatlinburg Park Vista hotel PHOTOS: Strong’s last game as a Longhorn PHOTOS: Fidel Castro, 1926-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 25° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Considerable cloudiness. Tonight Considerable cloudiness. Low 22F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) AP Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Business Writers Jan 17, 2017 0 Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Labor Economy Economy Products And Services Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Trump wants 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for border wall Trump signs immigration actions to build border wall Death toll rising after storms pound Georgia A breakdown of executive orders issued by recent presidents Trump's children revel in first 24 hours in White House Business Directory Latest Local Offers Bauer's Market & Garden Center Bauer's Market & Garden Center is your one-stop-shop for your flower and garden vegetable needs. Stop in today we are located in La Crescent MN. Jan 20, 2017 The Top Of The Rock The big game is right around the corner. The Top Of The Rock wants you to join us for a cold one Feb. 5! Updated Jan 25, 2017 ≫ today's question Are you concerned about voting rights? You voted: Very concerned Somewhat concerned Not very concerned Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 27 Adam Palm Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Jan 27 Album Encounter: "Blue and Lonesome" by the Rolling Stones Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Jan 27 Grand River Show Choir Invitational concert choir competition Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 5:45 pm Jan 27 Frogleg with Pretty Beggar Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Jan 27 Paxico acoustic trio Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Jan 27 88 MPH Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 9:00 pm Jan 27 Steve Lankford and Mei Ling Felten, acoustic country and variety Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 8:30 pm Jan 27 Home, Health & Pet Expo Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 27 Hillbilly Fever Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Jan 27 JCat and Skeeter Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30522797.pdf 30522620.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Whitetail Properties Real Estate 13212 Anchor Ave, Black River Falls, WI 54615 Traditional Trades 1641 Sand Lake Road, Onalaska, WI 54650 Foss Fine Meats Inc. 325 W Wisconsin St, Sparta, WI 54656 Stern Buildings Llc 204 Sims St, Melrose, WI 54642 Currents Lifestyles 50 high-paying jobs that don't require a college degree Television Ranking the best seasons of your favorite sitcoms Home and Garden Can this red hot chunk of steel melt through a frozen lake? Your daily 6: Blago's daughter unloads on Obama; another TV icon dies Today iIn History, Jan. 27: Auschwitz & Birkenau Today's Birthdays, Jan. 27: Patton Oswalt Your daily 6: Get your special sauce, doomsday clock keeps ticking and taking 'break a leg' to extremes Quintana wants to stay with rebuilding White Sox No Bull: Wade, Butler, Rondo stand ground on strong comments Patriots' quiet leader Slater humbled by chance at 2nd ring Drew Barrymore 'still in shock' over her divorce TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Anchor confronts man behind voter fraud claim Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 23° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Local Holocaust survivor urges us to never forget Updated: 11 mins ago DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – January 27th is recognized as International Holocaust Remembrance (Memorial) Day. This year marks 72 years since the l… Local company expands into new facility 7:20 pm A ribbon-cutting and open house was held Friday to open the new facility. Tipp City’s storied football field to get $6M renovation 7:10 pm Second arrest made in Sidney kidnapping, assault investigation 7:04 pm Woman accused of taping her toddler son to wall indicted 6:44 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 29° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 16 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 21° F Sunrise: 7:48 AM Sunset: 5:50 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Snickers to air live Super Bowl ad January 26, 2017 The ad, starring actor Adam Driver, will be broadcast on February 5 during the most-watched live TV event in the U.S. Reports: Cleveland Indians to host 2019 MLB All-Star Game January 26, 2017 The Indians will hold a press conference on Friday morning to announce that they will host the 2019 MLB All-Star Game at Progressive Field All-Williams final set at Australian Open January 26, 2017 Kings stun Cavs 116-112 in overtime January 26, 2017 Buckeyes hold off Gophers rally for 78-72 win January 26, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Pet of the Week 1:38 pm Avoiding business schemes and scams 1:38 pm Businesses are often targeted by scammers, but fortunately, there are things business owners can do to protect their operations. Firebirds Wood Fired Grill tailgating foods 1:37 pm Fisher House Benefit Concert 1:37 pm Benefits of getting organized 1:36 pm More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 23° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, AP Business Writers Published: January 17, 2017, 12:38 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 12:46 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Preble Shawnee teacher accused of stealing from Wal-Mart, faces theft charge Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Run-DMC sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50 million VIDEO: Suspect in officer’s slaying spews expletives at judge Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
GoSearch 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 40° Low 28° High 51° Fayetteville 36° Low 26° High 44° Bentonville 36° Low 27° High 45° See complete forecast Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 Posted 8:34 am, January 17, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 01:56PM, January 17, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart announced on Tuesday (Jan. 17) they will be adding more than 30,000 jobs and investing in training hundreds of thousands of employees in 2017. The company, which employs about 1.5 million people in the United States, will be creating an estimated 34,000 jobs through expanding and improving the company’s network and e-commerce services, according to a company news release. Approximately 10,000 retail jobs will be added thanks to the addition of 59 new, expanded or relocated Sam’s Club and Walmart stores. The remaining new jobs will come through constructing and remodeling those facilities. Walmart will be spending about $6.8 billion on capital investments during the year, including building and remodeling facilities and expanding new services like the online grocery pickup, the release states. Additionally, Walmart will be adding 160 training academies in the nation, which should be open by July. The release states that an estimated 225,000 employees will graduate from the training academies in 2017, after receiving six weeks of specialty training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and running store departments.     Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 2 comments Linda Camacho So many of those are not permanent jobs. January 17, 2017 at 11:08 am Reply Report comment Never go full liberal Neither permanent nor full time, they just have to throw that out there to make themselves look good and feel better about themselves. January 17, 2017 at 2:17 pm Reply Report comment Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Burger King Employees Accused Of Selling Marijuana To Customers Ordering ‘Fries Extra Crispy’ Deputies: Crawford County Couple Arrested In Child Abuse Investigation Fort Smith Man Contestant On Wheel Of Fortune Episode Motorcyclist Dies In Crawford County Collision Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule John Hurt Dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ Actor Was 77 Tyson Donates 70,000 Pounds Of Protein To Aid Tornado Recovery In Georgia, Mississippi Promotion For Local Firefighter Celebrated Near Firefighter Recognition Day Vian Hires First Ever Paid Female Police Officer News 130 Employees Cut During ArcBest Restructuring News Walton Family Donates $2 Million Toward NWACC Education, Workforce Training Center News Pernod Ricard Announces Facility Expansion, Malibu Rum To Be Bottled In Fort Smith Plant News Mars Petcare Announces $72 Million Investment Into Fort Smith Operations, Adding 130 Jobs News Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month News Walmart Eyewear Facility Tour News ORT To Offer Fayetteville/Bentonville Commuter Route News Woman Finds Snake In Shopping Cart At Van Buren Walmart News As Crawford Co. Unveils New Jail, Other Counties Discuss Need For New Facilities News The Lumineers & Their Music Light Up The Walmart AMP News Local Small Businesses Reaching New Heights News Amazon Says It Will Create 100,000 Jobs Across The U.S. News Sears Sells Craftsman Brand To Stanley Black & Decker Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 641 51 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year. Post to Facebook Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 The U.S. retail giant says it will create 10,000 new retail jobs this year.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 60 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 Adam Shell , USA TODAY Published 10:48 a.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 4:44 p.m. ET Jan. 17, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Walmart's big public announcement adding 10,000 U.S. jobs should please the President-elect. USA TODAY NETWORK A Walmart in Marietta, Ga. (Photo: Erik S. Lesser, EPA) 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Retail giant Walmart said Tuesday that it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, the latest American company to promote its domestic-focused hiring and investment ahead of Friday's transfer of power from President Obama to President-elect Donald Trump. The new Walmart hires will work at soon-to-be-opened stores, expanded existing stores and e-commerce services, the company said Tuesday. In addition, Walmart said an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will support its plans to open new stores and remodel existing ones. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we can play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. The low-price retailer pays its workers about  $9 per hour to $24.70 per hour, according to a year-ago press release announcing 2016 pay hikes for employees that went into effect last February. The average wage for full-time workers was $13.38 per hour, and $10.58 per hour, on average, for part-time workers, according to a Walmart press release. USA TODAY American Apparel to lay off hundreds Walmart, which employs 1.5 million U.S. workers, is the latest American company to go on the public relations offensive and emphasize its commitment to U.S. workers since Trump won the presidential election in November. The billionaire businessman has stressed via tweets and public statements his preference for U.S. firms to boost investment and create more jobs in the U.S., rather than set up shop in cheaper locales around the globe. "Companies (are) getting in front of the shape of things to come, and that is Trump will think USA first at all times; so politics matter to these companies," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Politically, it puts them 'in favor' with the new administration while creating jobs here." The list of companies stressing their commitment to the U.S. is growing. General Motors, for example, announced Tuesday that it will invest an additional $1 billion in U.S. manufacturing, on top of the $21 billion it has invested in U.S. operations since 2009. In a statement, GM said a "combination of 1,500 new and retained jobs are tied to the new investments." The moves by Walmart and GM follow last week's announcement by online retailer Amazon.com that it plans to create more than 100,000 U.S. jobs in the next 18 months. Earlier in January, automaker Ford said it was canceling plans to build a new plant in Mexico and instead would make a $700 million investment in Michigan, creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. Back in November, air conditioner maker Carrier announced a deal to keep roughly 1,000 jobs in Indianapolis after nixing plans to move jobs to Mexico. USA TODAY GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. after pressure from Trump Walmart's job announcement follows the retailer's decision in January 2016 to announce the closing of 154 poor-performing U.S. stores, which affected 10,000 U.S. workers. And in September, the company said it would eliminate 7,000 store accounting and invoicing positions as the company moved to automate those processes, but said workers would be offered positions elsewhere in its stores. Walmart also said Tuesday that it would open 160 new "training Academies around the country" and provide "specialty training" for more than 225,000 of its workers. The retailer also is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year. Longer term, Walmart reiterated a commitment made in 2013 to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. 641 CONNECTTWEET 51 LINKEDIN 60 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jVdPOE NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Walmart to add 10,000 jobs this year By Allen Cone   |   Jan. 17, 2017 at 11:47 AM Follow @upi Comments Jan. 17 (UPI) -- Walmart plans to add 10,000 jobs through expansion in the United States, the Bentonville-Ark.-based company announced Tuesday. The retailer said in a release the jobs will be created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Club outlets as well as e-commerce services. The company also said an estimated 34,000 construction workers will used for projects. Walmart employs 2.4 mililon associates worldwide -- including 1.4 million in the United States -- at 11,593 stories in 28 countries with revenue of $482.1 billion, according to the company. Forbes ranks Walmart as the largest retailer in the United States. Last year, Walmart cut 10,000 store jobs after closing its 154 Walmart Express stores, and some 7,000 back-office positions were also eliminated. The 2017 plans are part of a $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States in the coming fiscal year, which starts in February. Walmart also plans to beef up its training, opening 160 new training academies around the country, bringing the total to 200. The company said more than 225,000 associates will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies this year. "The training is designed to help associates be successful in their careers and in meeting the changing needs of customers," the company said in a release. This year, the Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S." Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have funded $10 million in grants since 2014. The six schools are Washington State, North Carolina State, Clemson, Oregon State, Texas Tech and University of Massachusetts Lowell. In 2013, Walmart committed to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023 and estimated to help create 1 million jobs. The announcement comes as President-elect Donald Trump has criticized companies for moving jobs abroad or created new manufacturing locations overseas. "It's always important to articulate how you're creating jobs in your country," Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in an interview with The Washington Post. "Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there's a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they're making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right." Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Run-DMC sues Amazon, Walmart for copyright infringement Carrier deal does not carry the day for American workers Hyundai, General Motors latest automakers to announce billion-dollar U.S. investments Mexico warns Trump border tariff would trigger 'global recession' Comments Topics: Donald Trump, Dan Bartlett Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Latest Headlines Trump, Nieto talk by phone, agree to keep talks of wall payment private 57 minutes ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Less than 48 hours after President Trump ordered a new wall for the U.S.-Mexico border, he spoke to Mexico's leader by phone Friday and smoothed out the edges. President Trump: What the new White House has done so far 1 hour ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- In his first days in office, President Donald Trump has taken action on issues including healthcare, abortion, trade and oil pipelines. Trump signs orders to beef-up military, toughen visa checks for refugees 4 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump made good on two more campaign promises Friday -- to strengthen the military and ramp up vetting of foreign nationals seeking a U.S. visa. Trump, British PM May tout cooperation, shared vision at White House meeting 6 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump began showing his diplomatic side during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May at the White House. Full text, video of VP Mike Pence's March for Life remarks 7 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Vice President Mike Pence told thousands of abortion opponents gathered in Washington, D.C., that "life is winning again in America." UPI Latest Trending Stories Duterte apologizes for police killing of South Korean businessman China displays new version of bomber ahead of national holiday Watch live: Theresa May, Donald Trump hold press conference Terry Edwards executed in Texas for 2002 double murder Fugitive on FBI 'most wanted' list for '83 Texas murder surrenders More Collections Dow breaks 20,000 for the first time in history Activists protest oil pipelines after President Trump's executive orders Trump administration's first days Inauguration Day in America Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Walmart touts plans to add thousands of jobs in 2017 Tuesday Jan 17, 2017 at 11:29 AM Jan 17, 2017 at 11:29 AM Sarah Halzack The Washington Post Walmart on Tuesday announced that it plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and provide skills-building training to a quarter million of its workers by the end of 2017. The vast majority of the new positions will be in its stores, including the 59 Walmart and Sam's Club sites it is set to open, remodel or expand. The company says this level of job growth is consistent with what it has delivered over the last several years. In a news release outlining the moves, the world's largest retailer sought to cast itself as an engine for U.S. employment growth. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, in the release. That kind of messaging comes at a moment when President-elect Donald Trump has been sharply critical of companies that have moved jobs abroad or created new manufacturing facilities overseas. In an interview, The Washington Post asked Bartlett if he thinks the current political environment made it particularly crucial to talk up Walmart's employment strategies. "It's always important to articulate how you're creating jobs in your country," Bartlett said. "Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there's a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they're making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right." Other companies, too, have recently flaunted their commitment to creating jobs stateside. Earlier this month, when Stanley Black & Decker bought the Craftsman tool brand, it said it would be manufacturing all those products stateside and growing its U.S. workforce to do so. Amazon.com said last week that intends to add 100,000 positions nationwide over the next 18 months. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Along with the 10,000 positions Walmart plans to add in 2017, the company says its expects its investments will support an additional 24,000 construction jobs. The world's largest retailer had previously announced it plans to spend $6.8 billion this year to do things such as build or remodel stores and establish new e-commerce distribution centers, moves that should foster demand in the construction business. The company developed this projection based on historical data about how many construction workers it has needed for such projects in the past. Meanwhile, Walmart will also continue its effort to attract and retain talent by expanding its Academies program that provides special training for store workers. This year, it will open some 160 new Academies to offer this kind of instruction, a sharp jump over the 40 it has today. "We're really putting the foot on the gas pedal and just investing in this training, because we see the immediate benefit of it," Bartlett said. By adding more Academies, the company says it will be able to offer up to six weeks of training to more than 225,000 workers. Walmart, like virtually every other player in corporate America, has an especially close eye on Washington these days, waiting to see the details of plans from the Trump administration and Congress that could dramatically reshape trade policy or corporate tax rules. However, Bartlett said, "It's way premature to try to calculate the puts and takes of the various policies that have been discussed." That's in part because we haven't heard the specifics yet of what these plans will call for. But, he said, as more details emerge, they have a framework for evaluating them. "The lens that we typically look at these things is, how does it affect our customers?" Walmart on Tuesday also shared the recipients of $3 million in grants that the Walmart Foundation is providing to six universities for studies of innovation in textile manufacturing, part of an earlier commitment it had made to funding research grants for projects on out how to make textiles more sustainably and to make more of them stateside. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 27° 27° Low 29° High 32° Sat 21° 33° Sun 21° 28° Mon 18° 34° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Walmart announces plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 Posted 11:47 am, January 17, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 11:54AM, January 17, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest File Walmart photo × Walmart announces plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 File Walmart photo NEW YORK  — Walmart, the nation’s largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company’s current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. 4 Fast Facts  Walmart announces plans to add 10,000 jobs in U.S. this year Some of the jobs come from the store’s e-commerce service Last year, the nation’s largest employer announced plans to close dozens of underperforming stores Other retailers have closed stores and eliminated jobs, including Macy’s, Kmart and Sears Macy’s is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn’t focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. Filed in: National & World, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Popular Grieving parents question coroner’s ruling on daughter’s ‘accidental’ death Construction on I-65 bridges to close 3 south side ramps for 150 days Take a look at who could replace Ryan Grigson as Colts’ GM Indiana home buyers shocked over sudden suspension of mortgage insurance rate cut Latest News John Hurt dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ actor was 77 IU Health helps plan wedding for critically ill patient who suffers from cystic fibrosis Cool weather and tracking chance for accumulating snow this weekend Trump signs executive action to limit flow of refugees into US National & World News Sears sells Craftsman brand to Stanley Black & Decker in deal worth $900 million News Retailers drop Thanksgiving hours amid backlash National & World News Full list of 150 Kmart and Sears stores to close by spring; 3 closing in Indiana News Retailers plan to hire thousands in central Indiana for holiday rush National & World News Macy’s to close stores, cut 10,000 jobs amid weak sales; no Indiana stores affected National & World News Amazon says it will create 100,000 jobs across the U.S. National & World News Here’s when Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Target, other major stores will open on Black Friday News Should other stores follow Mall of America’s lead by closing on Thanksgiving? News JCPenney, Kohl’s, Macy’s and Sears sued over misleading prices News Rexnord, Carrier workers plot layoff strategies News Don’t order too late for Christmas! Find shipping deadlines for major retailers News Carrier employees react to news that deal will save over 1,000 jobs News Donald Trump, Mike Pence reach deal to keep nearly 1,000 Carrier jobs in Indianapolis Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 24° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Police: Kitchen sink stolen from Warren home Updated: 5 mins ago A woman told police her screen door had been peeled away and the main entrance appeared to be broken with a shovel. $7,000 worth of cocaine, heroin found at East Liverpool home Updated: 18 mins ago The Columbiana County Drug Task Force also recovered over $14,000 and a pistol in the home. NAACP looking into cotton-picking activity at Cardinal Mooney 7:48 pm All-Star Game coming to Cleveland intensifies city’s sports high 5:52 pm Youngstown councilman eyes president position 7:18 pm 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 29° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 17 Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 5:33 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Bristol boys clinch 6th straight league title Updated: 35 mins ago The Panthers clinched the Northeastern Athletic Conference Stripes division Friday night with a 84-52 victory over Southington Lakeview’s Garrison commits to Charleston 8:32 pm Garrison caught 38 passes this past season for 599 yards, and scored 4 touchdowns Western Reserve Boys’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 26) 7:09 pm Maplewood Girls’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 27) 7:00 pm Strong defense enables Leetonia to upset Lisbon 7:00 am Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 24° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1 By The Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:38 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) – Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. says there will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs facilities. The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. (Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.) [protected-iframe id=”a4bcc90cde0b05e763c7e35a265f33a5-67417911-47552836″ info=”http://wx.wkbn.com/html/news/photo-galleries/photo-gallery.html&#8221; width=”100%” height=”785px” frame Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Walmart to add 10,000 retail jobs in the US Amazon plans to hire 100,000 US workers over the next 18 months Defendant in Hermitage Wal-Mart shooting appears in court Gas prices are lower in Ohio and below national average Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watch: Poland vs. Lakeview boys Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart in new jobs commitment January 17, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates, plans to add 10,000 new retail jobs in its upcoming fiscal year, which begins on February 1, 2017.   The discounter says the new jobs will be created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services.     In addition, the chain noted that an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will be supported through the opening of the new facilities and the remodeling and improvement of existing ones.   Walmart is planning $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which includes construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup.   "Walmart is investing to better serve customers,” said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive VP for corporate affairs. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business – and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the county.” Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Eyeglass retail giant in $49 billion merger Study: Retailers need to pay attention to Gen Z Another teen apparel retailer to close all stores Struggling department store chain revamps employee discount program Target names new chief marketing officer Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts First-of-its-kind store for Bed, Bath & Beyond Bed, Bath & Beyond is debuting a new store format — complete with a... Target Open House closed — but just for a couple of months Target Corp. its updating its experimental concept store in San Francisco,... Amazon opens a self-driving styled convenience store — with no checkouts More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Holiday sales better than expected; data reveals winners — and losers It was a less than merry holiday for some retailers, especially in the... Report: Future of retail IoT more than beacons Omnichannel is so 2016, with mPOS, staff handhelds/wearables, camera... Study: The first ‘digitally native’ generation shops in stores Generation Z grew up online, but that doesn’t mean that’s where... Trending Stores Warby Parker, Palo Alto, Calif. Warby Parker has set up shop in downtown Palo Alto in a Spanish Colonial Revival building built in 1927. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Has a New Plan to Take on Amazon The company has the right idea, but it's one lots of retailers have struggled with. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Jan 17, 2017 at 9:58AM Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is working to leverage the one advantage it has over Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) to gain ground on the online leader. The problem is that nearly every bricks-and-mortar retailer pursuing a digital strategy has the same idea: Use the fact that you have physical stores to support your online business. It's a concept that can work to stop sales from dropping, or even slightly grow them, but so far, the idea that physical stores can push online operations to new heights remains just a theory. If any company can make it happen, though, it would be Wal-Mart, which has a physical infrastructure on a stunning scale. The challenge for the chain is moving from an operation built to supply its stores to one that can also handle individual orders in a variety of ways. To make that happen, Wal-Mart will have to change its entire culture. The company can't stop servicing its physical locations, but it has to put its online customers -- including those who want to pick up or drop off a return in-store -- on par with (or even above) those who shop in-person at a bricks-and-mortar location. It's recently made some personnel moves that seem aimed at making that happen. Wal-Mart makes some moves that could help it better take on Amazon. Image source: Wal-Mart. What is Wal-Mart doing? The company understands just how big a challenge it faces. Its first major move was to spend $3.3 billion acquiring Jet.com and then putting its CEO, Marc Lore, in charge of Wal-Mart's entire digital operation. In theory, that purchase brought some start-up culture to Wal-Mart's entrenched, traditional retail way of doing things. Putting Lore in charge also sent a strong message, but it was one that perhaps did not impact the traditional bricks-and-mortar part of the company because the new digital CEO did not have much pull at the chain's physical stores. That looks to be changing, however, as the company has moved two key executives under Lore and into roles that bridge both physical and digital operations, ReCode reported. Jeremy King, who served as chief technology officer for the company's online operations in the United States, will now add technology operations at physical stores to his purview. In addition, Tony Rogers, who had been chief marketing officer for Wal-Mart's U.S. stores, will now also head up marketing for Walmart.com and Jet.com. "We were starting to see our stores and eCommerce teams solving many of the same problems and now we can remove what might've become more duplication in the future," Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in a memo, according to ReCode. "I know change isn't always easy, but, I'm certain our future success is partially dependent on becoming more of a technology company in our stores and clubs and everywhere else the customer sees us." Call this a "One Wal-Mart" movement where to take on Amazon the company has to stop thinking of digital as an add-on to or a separate business from its physical stores. It's a way of thinking that could change everything for the chain if Lore actually has the freedom to push digital solutions where they make sense even if it hurts in-store sales. Wal-Mart wants to make a leap Making this type of change is not about simply growing online sales. The company has been doing that steadily, with global e-commerce growing by 20.6% in the most recent quarter. Instead, the task facing Lore and his team is completely reimagining how the retailer does business in order to be a true Amazon rival. That ultimately could mean fewer stores or using space inside bricks-and-mortar locations previously devoted to serving in-store customers to fulfill digital orders. This is about much more than ordering online and picking up in store. It's an internal fight for Wal-Mart to decide whether it wants to put whatever the customer wants and however the customer wants it over doing business more or less as it always has. This type of change, as McMillon said, isn't always easy, and, in fact, it often proves impossible. Wal-Mart has put people into place and the chain's management seems to understand the challenge, but actually solving the problem could require some very painful moves. Buying Jet.com, putting Lore in charge, and making these latest moves shows that Wal-Mart at least understands where it needs to go. Getting there, however, won't be a straight line and it will require finding a way to turn the world's largest physical retailer into a company that's a technology-first, consumer-first operation. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He had a miserable experience buying from Walmart.com, but suspects it would be better now. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 9:58AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $835.77 down $-3.38 (-0.40%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $65.66 down $-1.07 (-1.60%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart Has a New Plan to Take on Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT
null
Police Investigating Stolen Merchandise from Local Store - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News West Virginia Floods Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Elections Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports High School Football Scores High School Sports Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports The Big Game Summer Sports Spectacular West Virginia Illustrated Video Community Coupon Bug Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Police Need Help Identifying Ladies That Stole Computer Police Investigating Stolen Merchandise from Local Store Posted: Sunday, January 15, 2017 3:00 PM EST Updated: Sunday, January 15, 2017 10:57 PM EST By Joseph Fitzwater, Assignment Editor Email Connect jfitzwater@wowktv.com © Nitro Police Department © Nitro Police Department © Nitro Police Department UPDATE STORY: 8 p.m. January 15th, 2017 Nitro Police have now identified the two females who stole from the Wal-Mart in Nitro on Saturday. Police thank the public for their help in identifying the females. ORIGINAL STORY: 4 p.m. January 15th, 2017 Nitro Police are seeking help in identifying two females who stole from the Wal-Mart in Nitro on Saturday. At approximately 2:30 p.m. Saturday, two females visited the Wal-Mart in Nitro, where they stole a computer. That computer is valued at approximately $500. The two females were accompanied by a young male juvenile. The male juvenile pulled the fire alarm on one side of the store to distract the employees. The two females and the male then exited the store together through a side door with the stolen computer and a ball that the male stole. The three of them left the area in an older model maroon Buick Regal that has sustained body damage. The Nitro Police Department would appreciate any help identifying the two females. If you know either of these three people, you are asked to contact Nitro Police Patrolman Hastings at 304-348-8111. Crime/CourtsCrime/CourtsMore>> Jail Stabbing Sends One to the Hospital Jail Stabbing Sends One to the Hospital Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:41 PM EST2017-01-28 00:41:11 GMT One person has been transported to the hospital after a stabbing at a Kanawha County jail. The incident occurred at South Central Regional Jail on Centre Way in Charleston. At this time, one person was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries. It is not known what may have caused the incident.  We will provide more information on this story as soon as we receive it. One person has been transported to the hospital after a stabbing at a Kanawha County jail. The incident occurred at South Central Regional Jail on Centre Way in Charleston. At this time, one person was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries. It is not known what may have caused the incident.  We will provide more information on this story as soon as we receive it. Former Baylor Student Files New Lawsuit Alleging Rape Former Baylor Student Files New Lawsuit Alleging Rape Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:36 PM EST2017-01-27 23:36:09 GMT A former Baylor University student who says she was raped by two football players has filed a federal lawsuit against the school that alleges there were dozens more assaults involving other women and players. A former Baylor University student who says she was raped by two football players has filed a federal lawsuit against the school that alleges there were dozens more assaults involving other women and players. Man Wanted in Connection with Fatal Huntington Shooting Man Wanted in Connection with Fatal Huntington Shooting Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:31 PM EST2017-01-27 21:31:19 GMT Arrest warrants have been issued for a Michigan man who is wanted in connection to a fatal shooting that occurred Tuesday, January 24th in Huntington. Arrest warrants were issued for Kelly Lee Powell Jr., aka “Shanks”, 22, of Pontiac, Michigan, for murder and malicious wounding. Officers responded to a shooting in the 2700 block of 9th Avenue on the 24th of January.  Brandon Lee Taylor, 28, died of gunshot wounds and Royaire Elterro Deray Churchill, 23, s... Arrest warrants have been issued for a Michigan man who is wanted in connection to a fatal shooting that occurred Tuesday, January 24th in Huntington. Arrest warrants were issued for Kelly Lee Powell Jr., aka “Shanks”, 22, of Pontiac, Michigan, for murder and malicious wounding. Officers responded to a shooting in the 2700 block of 9th Avenue on the 24th of January.  Brandon Lee Taylor, 28, died of gunshot wounds and Royaire Elterro Deray Churchill, 23, s... Putnam County Teen Arrested On Meth Charges Putnam County Teen Arrested On Meth Charges Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 2:43 PM EST2017-01-27 19:43:03 GMT On January 26th,The Special Enforcement Unit of the Putnam County Deputy Sheriff's arrested Jacob B. McComas of Liberty. McComas was charged for the Possession with intent to deliver methamphetamine. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. On January 26th,The Special Enforcement Unit of the Putnam County Deputy Sheriff's arrested Jacob B. McComas of Liberty. McComas was charged for the Possession with intent to deliver methamphetamine. We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. 2 Arrested in Drug Investigation after Pike County Homicides 2 Arrested in Drug Investigation after Pike County Homicides Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 12:03 PM EST2017-01-27 17:03:37 GMT Evidence in this case was discovered during the investigation into last year's killings of eight members of the Rhoden family. Evidence in this case was discovered during the investigation into last year's killings of eight members of the Rhoden family. Police: Special Ed Teacher Drove Drunk to Work, Crashed Car Police: Special Ed Teacher Drove Drunk to Work, Crashed Car Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:57 AM EST2017-01-27 15:57:59 GMT MONROEVILLE, PA (AP) - A western Pennsylvania special education teacher has resigned after police charged him with driving drunk to work and crashing his car at the campus entrance of a high school. Fifty-four-year-old Michael Mastorovich is charged with driving under the influence, resisting arrest, public drunkenness and criminal mischief. Officers were dispatched to Gateway High School just before 7 a.m. Tuesday following reports of an accident. Police found a vehicle in a g... MONROEVILLE, PA (AP) - A western Pennsylvania special education teacher has resigned after police charged him with driving drunk to work and crashing his car at the campus entrance of a high school. Fifty-four-year-old Michael Mastorovich is charged with driving under the influence, resisting arrest, public drunkenness and criminal mischief. Officers were dispatched to Gateway High School just before 7 a.m. Tuesday following reports of an accident. Police found a vehicle in a g... Parents say Baby Injured at Huntington, WV Daycare Parents say Baby Injured at Huntington, WV Daycare Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 11:02 PM EST2017-01-27 04:02:18 GMT The parents of a 5-month old baby say their son was hurt at at Huntington, WV daycare. When they picked up their son this week, they say they noticed his face was covered in scratches and bruises. The boy's mother says the daycare in question has given her different stories as to what happened. She and her husband tell 13 News they have filed a report with the Huntington Police Department. Stay with us as we continue to follow this developing story.  The parents of a 5-month old baby say their son was hurt at at Huntington, WV daycare. When they picked up their son this week, they say they noticed his face was covered in scratches and bruises. The boy's mother says the daycare in question has given her different stories as to what happened. She and her husband tell 13 News they have filed a report with the Huntington Police Department. Stay with us as we continue to follow this developing story.  How Huntington budget cuts may affect public safety and services Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 6:34 PM EST2017-01-26 23:34:48 GMT The hammer came down Thursday on Huntington's budget crisis. The city issued layoffs and cut services. The questions now surround how public safety and security will be affected. The hammer came down Thursday on Huntington's budget crisis. The city issued layoffs and cut services. The questions now surround how public safety and security will be affected. Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 4:20 PM EST2017-01-26 21:20:46 GMT Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017.    Top VideoMore>> Hooked on the Outdoors - Fishing Class Hooked on the Outdoors - Fishing Class Chicken In A Sweater? We Found One! Chicken In A Sweater? We Found One! Governor Justice Owes $4.6 Million in Mine Fees Governor Justice Owes $4.6 Million in Mine Fees Restaurant Week - Aldephia Sports Bar and Grill Restaurant Week - Aldephia Sports Bar and Grill Student nearly struck by vehicle at bus stop Student nearly struck by vehicle at bus stop    SlideshowsMore>> Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop Updated: Friday, October 7 2016 8:51 AM EDT2016-10-07 12:51:07 GMT Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Updated: Sunday, August 14 2016 10:33 PM EDT2016-08-15 02:33:29 GMT About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event 2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event Updated: Saturday, May 21 2016 11:37 AM EDT2016-05-21 15:37:56 GMT The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event. The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Beware New "Can You Hear Me?" Scam Beware New "Can You Hear Me?" Scam Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 8:59 PM EST2017-01-27 01:59:30 GMT It’s not a Verizon commercial: If you receive a phone call from someone asking “can you hear me,” hang up. You’re a potential victim in the latest scam circulating around the U.S.  Virginia police are now warning about the scheme, which also sparked warnings by Pennsylvania authorities late last year.  It’s not a Verizon commercial: If you receive a phone call from someone asking “can you hear me,” hang up. You’re a potential victim in the latest scam circulating around the U.S.  Virginia police are now warning about the scheme, which also sparked warnings by Pennsylvania authorities late last year.  Infants found in back of overdosed couple’s SUV, sheriff says Infants found in back of overdosed couple’s SUV, sheriff says Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 3:53 PM EST2017-01-27 20:53:22 GMT Two infants were found in the back of an SUV as two adults were found sleeping in the front after overdosing in a gas station parking lot. Two infants were found in the back of an SUV as two adults were found sleeping in the front after overdosing in a gas station parking lot. Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:34 AM EST2017-01-27 13:34:44 GMT CBS Boston It wasn't known if they had lawyers and phone numbers couldn't be found for them. It wasn't known if they had lawyers and phone numbers couldn't be found for them. Proposal would establish California as separate nation Proposal would establish California as separate nation Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 10:05 PM EST2017-01-27 03:05:24 GMT LOS ANGELES (AP) - Another attempt is underway that could establish California as a separate nation. A proposal has been submitted to state election officials that would ask voters to repeal part of the state constitution that declares California an inseparable part of the United States. If it qualifies for the ballot and is approved by voters, the proposal could be a step to a future vote on whether California should break away from the U.S. Supporters Thursday were cleared to beg... LOS ANGELES (AP) - Another attempt is underway that could establish California as a separate nation. A proposal has been submitted to state election officials that would ask voters to repeal part of the state constitution that declares California an inseparable part of the United States. If it qualifies for the ballot and is approved by voters, the proposal could be a step to a future vote on whether California should break away from the U.S. Supporters Thursday were cleared to beg... Police warn drivers after woman gets tricked by dummy in road Police warn drivers after woman gets tricked by dummy in road Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 1:58 PM EST2017-01-26 18:58:35 GMT What a woman believed to be a young child in the middle of a roadway may have actually been bait used by would-be carjackers. What a woman believed to be a young child in the middle of a roadway may have actually been bait used by would-be carjackers. Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 4:20 PM EST2017-01-26 21:20:46 GMT Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. President Trump Sends Note on Coal to Sen. Capito President Trump Sends Note on Coal to Sen. Capito Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 6:33 PM EST2017-01-26 23:33:26 GMT President Trump supports coal in note to Sen. Capito A handwritten note from President Trump to West Virginia Senator Shelly Moore Capito is generating a lot of buzz, especially on social media. Capito wrote asking for support on the Miner's Protection Act, stalled in Congress. The President wrote back, saying: "Shelley: Great I am all for the miners." The coal industry appreciates the response. "When you have a fellow in the White House who has a positive feeling about the coal miners, the use of coal and how significan... A handwritten note from President Trump to West Virginia Senator Shelly Moore Capito is generating a lot of buzz, especially on social media. Capito wrote asking for support on the Miner's Protection Act, stalled in Congress. The President wrote back, saying: "Shelley: Great I am all for the miners." The coal industry appreciates the response. "When you have a fellow in the White House who has a positive feeling about the coal miners, the use of coal and how significan... WV Governor's Coal Mines Owe $4.6 Million in Safety Fines, Penalties WV Governor's Coal Mines Owe $4.6 Million in Safety Fines, Penalties Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:01 AM EST2017-01-27 15:01:57 GMT West Virginia governor's coal mines owe $4.6 million in safety fines, penalties. West Virginia governor's coal mines owe $4.6 million in safety fines, penalties. Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 2:06 AM EST2017-01-26 07:06:57 GMT A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le... A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le...    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Workforce > Walmart to Create 10,000 Jobs, Invest $6.8 Billion in US Walmart to Create 10,000 Jobs, Invest $6.8 Billion in US Jan 17, 2017 Agence France-Presse EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -– and our support for innovation in the textile industry –- will have a meaningful impact across the county." Getty Images Advertisement Walmart announced on January 17 that it will invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs in stores and e-commerce, a move for which President-elect Donald Trump quickly took credit. The investment in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores also will create an estimated 24,000 construction jobs, the company said. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs said. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -– and our support for innovation in the textile industry –- will have a meaningful impact across the county." Popular Now Do Trade Deficits Matter? Why is America's Manufacturing Job Loss Greater than Other Industrialized Countries? Apple and the Battle for American Manufacturing The company, which is known for inexpensive and frequently imported products, said it plans to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs. Walmart and GM each announced investment and job creation plans on Tuesday, the latest in a series of companies to announce plans to do so -- including Ford and Amazon -- amid continued pressure, mostly via Twitter, from US President-elect Donald Trump who has threatened stiff penalties on companies that import products manufactured overseas. Shortly after the GM and Walmart announcements, Trump used two tweets to claim the jobs were a direct result of his own efforts. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he said. Walmart's Bartlett, who is attending the US Conference of Mayors in Washington, also will announce that Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the US Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S." The projects include commercial textile dyeing method that does not use salt or alkali, does not produce effluent, and produces more than 95% savings of both energy and water, and research to develop sustainable polyester fibers. The company also said it will open 160 new training academies by July, bringing to 200 the total number of facilities to train associates. Copyright Agence France-Presse, 2017 Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 Kimberpross on Jan 17, 2017 Corporations will outwardly communicate on-shoring and expansions domestically to win favor from the President elect, stay out of his cross hairs, even if they had planned it years ago. However, that in itself creates positive views of the economy and USA business support. Log In or Register to post comments dcb2219 on Jan 18, 2017 Though Walmart has been promoting USA programs to suppliers for years. A Company I worked for was honored at a shareholders meeting for a program that we brought back to the US from China 20 years ago. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles GM to Invest $1 Billion in Warren Technical Center, Creating 2,600 Jobs Largest Manufacturing Investment in Louisiana History to Create 7,000 Direct and Indirect Jobs Boeing's $1 Billion Expansion in South Carolina to Create 2,000 Jobs HCL Technologies to Add 10,000 Jobs Over Next 5 Years Daimler to Create 10,000 Jobs This Year THE LATEST The Trump Import Trade Agenda Takes Shape Mattis Orders Review of Lockheed F-35, Boeing Air Force One Moving From Dumb Manufacturing to Smart: Catching the Fourth Wave Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative Chevron’s First Loss in Decades Signals Hard Time for Giants Digital Manufacturing Gets Its First Open Online Course More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 24, 2017 Article IndustryWeek A Transfer of Power at Atlas Copco Atlas Copco CEO Ronnie Leten will depart from the company shortly. He shares several insights about his departure, change management and what is next....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Apple and the Battle for American Manufacturing Tesla Sues Former Director of Autopilot, Alleging Stolen Secrets Trump Announces Manufacturing Jobs Initiative The 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World Performance Metrics that Matter: Effective Productivity Measures IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Get Smart: Key considerations for developing smart machines and equipment Attacking Risk at its Roots The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems More   Advertisement More from EHS Today Work Safety Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Wal-Mart to add 10,000 jobs in the U.S. this year WALMART An employee restocks at a Wal-Mart in Burbank, California, on Nov. 22, 2016. (Bloomberg photo by Patrick T. Fallon) (Patrick T. Fallon) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on January 17, 2017 at 9:37 AM comments Wal-Mart on Tuesday announced that it plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and provide skills-building training to a quarter million of its workers by the end of 2017. The vast majority of the new positions will be in its stores, including the 59 Wal-Mart and Sam's Club sites it is set to open, remodel or expand. The company says this level of job growth is consistent with what it has delivered over the last several years. In a news release outlining the moves, the world's largest retailer sought to cast itself as an engine for U.S. employment growth. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Wal-Mart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, in the release. That kind of messaging comes at a moment when President-elect Donald Trump has been sharply critical of companies that have moved jobs abroad or created new manufacturing facilities overseas. In an interview, The Washington Post asked Bartlett if he thinks the current political environment made it particularly crucial to talk up Walmart's employment strategies. "It's always important to articulate how you're creating jobs in your country," Bartlett said. "Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there's a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they're making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right." Other companies, too, have recently flaunted their commitment to creating jobs stateside. Earlier this month, when Stanley Black & Decker bought the Craftsman tool brand, it said it would be manufacturing all those products stateside and growing its U.S. workforce to do so. Amazon.com said last week that intends to add 100,000 positions nationwide over the next 18 months. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Along with the 10,000 positions Wal-Mart plans to add in 2017, the company says its expects its investments will support an additional 24,000 construction jobs. The world's largest retailer had previously announced it plans to spend $6.8 billion this year to do things such as build or remodel stores and establish new e-commerce distribution centers, moves that should foster demand in the construction business. The company developed this projection based on historical data about how many construction workers it has needed for such projects in the past. Meanwhile, Wal-Mart will also continue its effort to attract and retain talent by expanding its Academies program that provides special training for store workers. This year, it will open some 160 new Academies to offer this kind of instruction, a sharp jump over the 40 it has today. "We're really putting the foot on the gas pedal and just investing in this training, because we see the immediate benefit of it," Bartlett said. By adding more Academies, the company says it will be able to offer up to six weeks of training to more than 225,000 workers. Wal-Mart, like virtually every other player in corporate America, has an especially close eye on Washington these days, waiting to see the details of plans from the Trump administration and Congress that could dramatically reshape trade policy or corporate tax rules. However, Bartlett said, "It's way premature to try to calculate the puts and takes of the various policies that have been discussed." That's in part because we haven't heard the specifics yet of what these plans will call for. But, he said, as more details emerge, they have a framework for evaluating them. "The lens that we typically look at these things is, how does it affect our customers?" Wal-Mart on Tuesday also shared the recipients of $3 million in grants that the Wal-Mart Foundation is providing to six universities for studies of innovation in textile manufacturing, part of an earlier commitment it had made to funding research grants for projects on out how to make textiles more sustainably and to make more of them stateside. -- (c) 2017, The Washington Post. Sarah Halzack wrote this story. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 30 Greater New Orleans business people on the move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Walmart to create 10,000 jobs, invest $6.8 bn in USAFP – Tue, Jan 17, 2017 4:56 PM AEDT Related Content View Photo Walmart is to invest in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores Walmart announced on Tuesday it will invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs in stores and e-commerce, a move for which President-elect Donald Trump quickly took credit. The investment in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores also will create an estimated 24,000 construction jobs, the company said in a statement. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs said. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -? and our support for innovation in the textile industry ?- will have a meaningful impact across the county." The company, which is known for inexpensive and frequently imported products, said it plans to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs. Walmart and GM each announced investment and job creation plans on Tuesday, the latest in a series of companies to announce plans to do so -- including Ford and Amazon -- amid continued pressure, mostly via Twitter, from US President-elect Donald Trump who has threatened stiff penalties on companies that import products manufactured overseas. Shortly after the GM and Walmart announcements, Trump used two tweets to claim the jobs were a direct result of his own efforts. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he said. Walmart's Bartlett, who is attending the US Conference of Mayors in Washington, also will announce that Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the US Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the US." The projects include commercial textile dyeing method that does not use salt or alkali, does not produce effluent, and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water, and research to develop sustainable polyester fibers. The company also said it will open 160 new training academies by July, bringing to 200 the total number of facilities to train associates. Top Stories » London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP London should be able to introduce a tax on tourists, according to a study endorsed by Sadiq Khan. The London … Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP Accept EU's freedoms: Merkel tells UKAAP Wall Street stocks finish dramatic week with a whimperAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home News Local Kansas Agriculture National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Sports The Big Game Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts 33° F Clear Hi: 44° F Lo: 27° F Radar Forecast Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Kansas Agriculture National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Featured: Auto Recalls Human Trafficking Product Recalls Winter Storm Latest Headlines Body cameras for WPD officers have helped reduce the number of complaints, investigations 6:55 pm Police say complaints and investigations, both internally and externally, are *down from the past two years. Widespread flu activity in Kansas 6:23 pm WICHITA, Kan,. (KSNW) – Flu season is back and even though it’s not new news, more and more people are getting sick. In fact, Kansas health … USD 259 superintendent community survey results are in, record number of participants 6:26 pm Finney County officials reject “sanctuary” label 6:11 pm Terrifying bus crash caught on camera 4:04 pm Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Current Conditions 33° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 52% Dewpoint: 17° F Sunrise: 7:36 AM Sunset: 5:48 PM Wichita and Kansas Weather Forecast Radar Threat Tracker Photos Sponsored by: Sports Sports The Big Game Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Featured: Wichita State Shockers Latest Headlines Royals gather in private to remember, celebrate Ventura Updated: 19 mins ago The Kansas City Royals gathered together Friday to celebrate the life of pitcher Yordano Ventura Kansas coach says no discipline yet amid police rape probe 8:56 am Bill Self acknowledged that the investigation of the alleged attack last month of a 16-year-old girl at McCarthy Hall. Snickers will run a live commercial during the Super Bowl 8:41 am Tostitos tackling Super Bowl drunk driving with ‘party safe’ bag 8:14 am American basketball player OK after eye pops out of socket 7:57 am Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Featured: Oscar Awards Wichita Riverfest Latest Headlines Grammys, CBS to honor Bee Gees with tribute concert 10:54 am The Recording Academy and CBS will pay tribute to the Bee Gees two days after the Grammys with a concert. To stand out at Super Bowl 51, ads are going for stunts 10:57 am Lady Gaga is reportedly entertaining an unusual twist on her Super Bowl halftime show. ‘Mannix’ star Mike Connors dies at 91 8:52 am Google’s Pixel phone shines despite mistakes gauging demand January 26, 2017 Jackson’s incident lasting memory of last Houston Super Bowl January 26, 2017 More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 33° F Clear Hi: 44° F Lo: 27° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:55 am Updated: January 17, 2017, 3:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Wal-Mart loses pay fight with California truck drivers A look at 4 trends for the 2016 holiday shopping season Garden small businesses hold their own against big box stores Somber department store holiday season casts pall over 2017 Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 1998-2017 KSN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Please disable your Ad Blocker in your browser's extentions. X Toggle navigation News Equipment Business Products Blogs Tech CCJ Top 250 Reviews SEARCH Subscribe Newsletters Advertise News Equipment Business Products Blogs Tech CCJ Top 250 Reviews Blog Waitin’ for a Superman Blog How much do you really know about your drivers’ daily challenges? Blog Uncertainty, predictions for 2017 center on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Business To protect carriers from big payouts, Congress may stamp out state laws on driver pay, breaks James Jaillet | @trucknewsJJ | January 17, 2017 0 Comments Carriers operating perfectly legally and within longstanding industry standards could be subject to major payouts to drivers if the Denham language isn’t passed in Congress, says ATA, WSTA and other proponents. Citing major court-ordered settlements in recent years, trucking industry lobbyists say they plan to leverage fresh Republican control in Washington, D.C., to pass the so-called Denham Amendment, which would prevent enforcement of state-level laws dictating truck drivers’ time and pay, such as those in California, and protect carriers from falling victim to such court orders. Major proponents include the American Trucking Associations and the Western States Trucking Association, both of whom have said legislation to assert federal authority over break and pay laws for truckers is a top-level agenda item in the coming years. “This actually is our No. 1 priority,” says Western States’ head of government affairs Joe Rajkovacz. “Prohibiting states from involving themselves in the compensation methods in which drivers are paid. Once one of the cases are successfully litigated, all the ‘me-too’ lawsuits start focusing on much smaller motor carriers downstream. It becomes legal blackmail against a small business: ‘Pay us or get sued and taken into court.’” Opponents of the provision argue the Denham Amendment would be the effective end to efforts to reform and modernize driver pay. Walmart’s private fleet ordered to pay drivers $55M in back pay, carrier plans to appeal Notably, the fleet did not pay drivers for federally stipulated 10-hour off-duty periods, accounting for $44.7 million of the class-action payout. Other unpaid tasks included ... ATA’s Bill Sullivan says his group also will push the issue in the new Congress. ATA has applauded Congressional work in recent years to try to clear Denham Amendment-like language, saying the “patchwork of regulations” that could arise by state-to-state pay reforms “needlessly complicates the lives of millions of professional drivers.” However, efforts to pass the Denham Amendment have ultimately failed each time the measure’s been brought up. WSTA’s Rajkovacz says the Denham Amendment is needed to block overzealous court decisions that violate the spirit of the federal government’s authority over driver labor laws and that could create a wave of similar lawsuits against carriers acting well within legal industry standards. Rajkovacz pointed to the $55 million Walmart must pay to former and current drivers for, mostly, time spent in the sleeper during federally required 10-hour breaks. Such court decisions make Congressional action on the Denham Amendment a necessity, he says. “They think employers should be paying a driver for off-duty time that is mandated by federal rules,” he says. “I’m sure there is a contingent within the industry that think this overreach is just fine. They are dead wrong. Almost all money awarded (in the Walmart case) was to drivers sleeping in their bunks.” The Denham Amendment derives its name from Rep. Jeff Denham, a Republican representing the 10th district of California. He successfully attached the provision to the FAST Act highway bill in 2015, though the provision ultimately failed to make the bill’s final cut. The language popped up several times last year, even in bills only tangentially related to trucking, like the 2016 Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill. Bill seeks to rein in states’ ability to regulate hours-of-service, driver pay The language in the FAA bill would prohibit states from requiring truckers to comply with state-enacted hours regulations. It also would exempt carriers from state-enforced ... A nearly 25-year-old aviation bill is, in fact, the law Denham proponents want asserted. The 1994 FAA Authorization Act prohibits states from enacting laws that interfere with a “price, route or service” of a motor carrier. Court decisions favoring state laws and driver plaintiffs in recent years — and ordering mega-million dollar payouts to drivers from their carrier employers — prompted the need to reassert the FAAAA language, say Denham backers. The Denham Amendment floated in years past has two parts. One blocks states from enforcing meal and rest break laws on truckers and exempting carrier employers from complying with such laws — i.e., paying drivers for meal and rest breaks, should a state require employers to do so. The other prohibits states from requiring carriers to pay drivers “separate or additional compensation” outside of per-mile pay, which would prohibit states from forcing carriers to pay drivers for non-driving time work, such as detention time, loading time and the like. A scattered group of dissenters hopes to derail efforts to enact the provision and to see the Denham Amendment — now mostly referred to as “federal authority” provision — permanently buried. Most prominently, the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association hopes to convince federal lawmakers to opt against the Denham provision. “[It’s] an ambitious overreach that would limit states’ ability to allow for any other driver compensation except mileage pay,” OOIDA said in 2015 statement. “OOIDA stands firmly opposed to this language.” Donna Smith, co-producer of the online radio show and website Truth About Trucking, says the driver pay/break provision would slam the door on hopes for driver pay reform. State-level action on the issue of driver pay and breaks, even with creating an often-deemed “patchwork” of varying regulations, is better than no action at all. “If there’s going to be any law for driver wages, ideally it would be at a national level,” she said. “I think it would be more confusing to have state-by-state laws. But before you can even look down that road, you have to put to rest the Denham language or you can just forget about it. It would put to rest any of the recent efforts that the truck driving community is putting forth to increase their wages. It would be very difficult after that (Denham).” Trucking regulatory reforms sought under Trump: ‘We’re going to find out if Republicans can deliver’ While the federal government’s electronic logging device mandate is likely shielded from interference from President-elect Donald Trump, Republican control in Washington gives the industry hope ... AD Presented By: OnCommand Connection Revolutionizing Uptime: Navistar’s OnCommand™ Connection helps fleets operate more efficiently OnCommand™ Connection is part of the OnCommand™ family of fleet management services from Navistar and is the first open... 27 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest bobschafer1680 5pts ANYONE working in interstate commerce should not be subject to state employment laws. The Feds have waaaaaay too many of their own, and the states simply go from the ridiculous to the absurd. superstar72432 5pts https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=452XjnaHr1A "What we've got here is a failure to communicate."  bobschafer1680 5pts @superstar72432 It's really not a failure to communicate. It's a failure to listen. Communication goes both ways. superstar72432 5pts Bobschafer1680: Regarding your response, "It's really not a failure to communicate.  It's a failure to listen.  Communication goes both ways."   Unless this was read incorrectly, it is like saying, in order to protect the small businesses from having to pay drivers for siting at shippers and receivers, which would definitely be a big increase in overhead, Congress should just outlaw any and all "driver pay reform," simply because drivers and owner/operators are normally only paid when the wheels are rolling.  Yet, a local driver who is generally paid by the hour, can do the exact same job, sitting at a dock, and get paid.  So let's just keep on unjustly forcing drivers to sit one to two hours at a dock, without pay, in order to protect all these small business. Please tell me something:  When a driver has multiple pickups and/or stops on a load, the driver, usually, does not get paid on the first pickup and final delivery.  What is a driver doing on any sequential stop that he/she is not doing on the first stop? Please tell me something else:  Any employee in any transportation company is usually paid some type of per-diem for traveling on company business, often including motels.  Yet, a most drivers who drive two- to three-thousand mile each week, and, under current law, often has to sit thirty-four hours without pay, are not offered any type of per-diem to pay for meals, which, technically, means they starve during those thirty-four hours. I have a whole list of unjustifiable crap that is currently unjustly overpowering company drivers and owner/operators.  Why don't you sit down and do a comparison of drivers' wages twenty years ago to today's pay-scale.  Then do one for thirty years ago, compared to today's pay scale.  Yes, there is a driver shortage, and it's going to get worse. cb bobschafer1680 5pts @superstar72432 I am not going to waste my time by trying to tell you anything. It's interstate commerce, and the states should not be able to interfere. Educate yourself, and intelligent discourse can begin. AllenSmith1 5pts InfoGraphic explains how upcoming Congressional Law could further hurt driver wages... IF.... drivers do not take action http://askthetrucker.com/congressional-law-could-further-hurt-driver-wages-if-no-action-is-taken/ Jamie12 5pts Nothing short of amazing the big carriers get a pass once again!!😩 Time for revolution. Time to strike out we get pounded with foringners and a bunch of cheap ass shippers. AllenSmith1 5pts As long as we stay quiet and keep our comments to ourselves, things will continue to get worse. We will need to contact those in the committees who are going along with the ATA for this law. ( As a Republican, I'm embarrassed to say that most voting for the bill are GOP)  Reach out to those who believe truckers deserve a fair wage. Most Truckers voted for Trump and the GOP. Now it is time to make them ACCOUNTABLE and deserving of the votes. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation ( the @" next to the names are their TWITTER names. Republican Members: Full Committee Chairman John Thune R-SD @SenJohnThune • Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) @SenatorWicker • Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) @RoyBlunt • Ted Cruz (R-Texas) @TedCruz • Deb Fischer (R-Neb.) @DebFischerNE • Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) @JerryMoran • Dan Sullivan (R-Alaska) @SenDanSullivan • Dean Heller (R-Nev.) @DeanHeller • Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) @JimInhofe • Mike Lee (R-Utah) @SenMikeLee • Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) @SenRonJohnson • Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) @SenCapito • Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) @SenCoryGardner • Todd Young (R-Ind.) @SenToddYoung Democratic Members Ranking Member Bill Nelson Florida @SenBillNelson • Maria Cantwell, D-Wash. @SenatorCantwell • Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn. @AmyKlobuchar • Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn. @SenBlumenthal • Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii @SenBrianSchatz • Ed Markey, D-Mass. @SenMarkey • Cory Booker, D-N.J. @CoryBooker @SenBookerOffice • Tom Udall, D-N.M @SenatorTomUdall • Gary Peters, D-Mich. @SenGaryPeters • Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis. @SenatorBaldwin • Tammy Duckworth, D-Ill. @SenDuckworth • Maggie Hassan, D-N.H. @SenatorHassan • Catherine Cortez Masto, D-Nev. @SenCortezMastoLike · Reply · 12 mins Wayne Ellis 5pts @AllenSmith1 Thank you for this information...I will share it with my students and fellow drivers Wayne Ellis 5pts WHY should carriers be protected if they have ripped off their drivers, or any employees of their hard earned pay? No one was interested or concerned while those drivers were out there working and not getting their pay...If they want protection, protect themselves by being a fair and honest employer bobschafer1680 5pts @Wayne Ellis Everyone should be "protected" when they comply with federal law. If you want protection, understand the protections given in various classes and types of ways to earn money. If you don't like the law, try to change it. Don't make stuff up to try to change the rules by subverting the law. Wayne Ellis 5pts It has nothing to do with the laws or who gets to tell whom what to do. It's curious how you stated it, "when they comply with federal law..." when it's those very laws employers subvert to justify cheating workers out of their share of the pie. my last 2 employers - NOT law makers, just company owners - believe their drivers have value to the continued prosperity of their businesses, and so believe those working hard for them should be compensated well; and when possible, rewarded by sharing some of the profits at the end of the year. They didn't need some government rules or agencies to tell them to do this, or how to make themselves feel better at the end of the day for not doing it...they did it because they believed it was right to pay a man (or woman) their worth! And guess what? NO ONE IS TRYING TO SUE EITHER OF THEM FOR ANYTHING!!! Didn't have to "Make stuff up" or subvert any laws... The problem isn't a government issue...it's a Heart issue. bobschafer1680 5pts It's called interstate or foreign commerce for good reason. States have no business regulating beyond their borders. RhondaBeckham 5pts What if its intrastate as in the recent Walmart case??? AllenSmith1 5pts @bobschafer1680  That's the confusion that is being created by ATA.  These drivers are Intrastate drivers, p/u and delivery are made within the state.  Even if an OTR driver who has a p/u and delivery within the state, then they are subject to the state laws.   The states DO have the right to have their own labor laws.    Should this bill be passed in Congress to override COURT decisions which were in favor of drivers, then the poison language within the bill would expand and reach interstate drivers also, placing a law which would state drivers can only receive Piece Work Wages and any hours worked in excess of their 70 are basically free. bobschafer1680 5pts @AllenSmith1 @bobschafer1680 The p/u and delivery being made within a state is NOT a definition of intrastate commerce. P/Us and deliveries within a state's borders can, and more often than not, be the continuance of an interstate movement. To be clear, the movement of goods from a seller Maine to an ultimate consumer in California, with a warehouse stop in CA, is an interstate movement. This has been upheld by various courts in various jurisdictions. I have been able to secure lesser interstate freight rates vs. higher intrastate rates throughout the country using this scenario. AllenSmith1 5pts @bobschafer1680 @AllenSmith1  Absolutely, the point I was trying to make is if the proposed federal preemption law was passed, it would preempt state labor laws for truckers even if they drive completely within one state.   The California Supreme Court and the ninth circuit court of appeals have held that once you enter California or Washington the state laws apply to routes in those states. Whether inter or intrastate the courts have held that the state labor laws which are applicable to all workers are not preempted by the F4A because they don't "significantly impact prices routes or services" of motor carriers. Lots of state laws like speed limits or emission rules apply when you enter a state. The courts have held that state labor laws designed to protect workers should also apply to truckers bobschafer1680 5pts @AllenSmith1 The states are prohibited from regulating interstate commerce. When the courts are offered this explanation, the radical progressive jihadist activists will be overturned. AllenSmith1 5pts @bobschafer1680 @AllenSmith1 Fortunately for the drivers, once again, you and the motor carriers would lose that case in Court. State Labor Laws do not interfere with interstate commerce. Federal and state appellate courts, including  the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and the California Supreme Court have heard the arguments and said, "no" Even the United States Supreme Court has refused to hear or overturn these court decisions. Jerry Fritts 5pts @bobschafer1680 @AllenSmith1 I studied transportation law. You are somewhaat correct. If the load out of Maine was destined to a eventual consignee and was temoraily stored enroute in CA. before the original destination in Ca.,  then that is an interstate movement. Howeve,r that does not address the labor law issue. If another driver then picks uo the shipment within Ca. and contiues the shipment onto the original destination, again within Ca, that driver is protected by Ca labor laws as for labor reasons it is an intrastate move. Think about it the company moving the shipment within Ca  to the original destination may not even have interstate authority!  Remeber, this is not an ICC or DOT issue, it is a lbor law issue. AllenSmith1 5pts The video below explains what is about to happen if we don't take action.  This Denham language will appear in another bill coming up for vote soon.  It could be the THUDbill, could be a stand alone, or it could even be slipped into the the infrastructure. "Truckers appeal to GOP for Relief as ATA seeks more Laws" http://truckingsocialmedia.com/truckers-appeal-gop-relief-ata-seeks-laws/ ATA has stated they will continue to push hard for federal preemption of  state laws when the 115th Congress convenes next month.In other words, they will target the new 2017 GOP and Trump Administration.  Jeff Denham who initially introduced the Denham Amendment to the FAST ACT in Nov 2015 was a Republican from California.  But 70 % of drivers voted for Trump and are counting on him and the GOP to relieve them of more regulations, including any language( Such as Denham) that will compromise the hopes for drivers to be paid for all time. Just as FLSA has exempted drivers from overtime, this new language in a bill, if passed, would have a similar effect when it comes to earning a living wage.  So who will Congress listen to, the ATA or Drivers? ANSWER: The loudest Voice! Government Switchboard  202-224-3121 karimkagawa3 5pts When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile. http://www.friv2games.org.uk "Friv 2" http://www.unblocked2games.com "Unblocked Games Online" http://www.yepi12.org "Yepi 2" http://www.unblockedpbsgames.com "Unblocked Sites" http://www.y8y8co.com "Y8 Games" http://www.xboxoneya.com "Xbox One Games" drtrd 5pts Civil law defines Independent Contractor as one who is told WHAT to do and provides their own tools. Master/Servant relationship (Employee) is told What, When and How to perform duties. Does this make Truck Drivers company employees or Federal Employees? The Federal Gov't dictates What, When and How the job must be done, which is also mandated by the Carriers as a condition of employment/contract. The over-regulation of the industry has nearly eliminated all of the Legal Descriptions of Independent Contractor. 2010CascadiaOwner 5pts "SOMEONE" Does Not Want YOU to Earn a Living Wage.... "SOMEONE" is still tryin to keep you a SLAVE to your Wage.... "SOMEONE" wants you to do things the way they have ALWAYS BEEN DONE BY SLAVES.... FOR FREE!!!!! You are Required to Perform WORK, you SHOULD BE PAID!... Commonsensenotprevailing 5pts A living wage is a sliding scale according to the standard of living you are trying to obtain. Some people live on $10 an hour for a 40 hour week while others can't make it on $25 an hour. Not sure what a slave to your wage is referring to. We all should live within our wages whatever that turns out to be. Most people live on every dime they make from week to week not matter how much they make. If you consider yourself a slave it is by your choice. We can all quit trucking and go into another field of work. I am not a slave to trucking. I agree if you perform work you should be paid. I don't consider eating and sleeping work. RRBEE 5pts @2010CascadiaOwner I agree the only industry in the country that gets to use Federal regulations so they don't have compensate their employees for all the work they do it's the exemption of drivers from the the FLSA in 1939 that created this problem.The regulations that have and are being passed like ELD s are the result of being able to work drivers nearly twice as many hours as the rest of the work force without paying them for it.Then you have drivers that defend this system and say that's the only way to make a living. Wayne Ellis 5pts @RRBEE @2010CascadiaOwner EXACTLY!!!!! James Jaillet James Jaillet is the News Editor for CCJ and Overdrive. Reach him at jjaillet@randallreilly.com. Follow me: @trucknewsJJ James Jaillet on Google Plus Most Popular Rule setting driver training standards, registry could be hit by Trump’s regulatory order DriverTech launches in-cab mobile device with ELD and camera for $799 California bill would add to FMCSA’s new driver training standards rule Potential battery issue prompts recall of approximately 300 International trucks Trump orders agencies to freeze new regulations, ELD mandate likely shielded Unions asks FMCSA to extend comment period for hair testing request from large carriers Newsletter Signup Enter your email address* Must Clicks Rule setting driver training standards, registry could be hit by Trump’s regulatory order Trump orders agencies to freeze new regulations, ELD mandate likely shielded Crime report: Fleet owner arrested for $1M in unpaid tolls, Pa. medical examiner suspended DriverTech launches in-cab mobile device with ELD and camera for $799 Symposiums Innovators Five Flashiest Fleets CCJ Top 250 CCU The Air Brake Book Subscribe to Magazine Newsletters Advertise About Us Digital Magazine White Papers Partner Solutions CCJ Commercial Carrier Journal - Fleet Management Magazine CCJ Magazine covers fleet management topics ranging from technology, freight, logistics, equipment, and more. © CCJ 2017 Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Walmart to create 10,000 jobs, invest $6.8 bn in US By Afp Published: 10:59 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 10:59 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 36 shares Walmart announced on Tuesday it will invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs in stores and e-commerce, a move for which President-elect Donald Trump quickly took credit. The investment in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores also will create an estimated 24,000 construction jobs, the company said in a statement. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs said. Walmart is to invest in 59 new, expanded or relocated Walmart and Sam's Club stores ©Frederic J. Brown (AFP/File) "Our 2017 plans to grow our business -– and our support for innovation in the textile industry –- will have a meaningful impact across the county." The company, which is known for inexpensive and frequently imported products, said it plans to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs. Walmart and GM each announced investment and job creation plans on Tuesday, the latest in a series of companies to announce plans to do so -- including Ford and Amazon -- amid continued pressure, mostly via Twitter, from US President-elect Donald Trump who has threatened stiff penalties on companies that import products manufactured overseas. Shortly after the GM and Walmart announcements, Trump used two tweets to claim the jobs were a direct result of his own efforts. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he said. Walmart's Bartlett, who is attending the US Conference of Mayors in Washington, also will announce that Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the US Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six universities "working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the US." The projects include commercial textile dyeing method that does not use salt or alkali, does not produce effluent, and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water, and research to develop sustainable polyester fibers. The company also said it will open 160 new training academies by July, bringing to 200 the total number of facilities to train associates. Share or comment on this article e-mail 36 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 6:02 P.M. ET Updated Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Walmart outlines 2017 goals for American job growth and community investment By Published: Jan 17, 2017 5:30 a.m. ET Share 34,000 jobs, training for over 225,000 associates and grants for innovation in textile manufacturing WASHINGTON, Jan 17, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer with nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S., today will discuss company plans to create American jobs and invest in local communities across the country. The investments in the coming year will support an estimated 34,000 jobs through continued expansion and improvement in the company’s store network, as well as e-commerce services, while providing specialty training for more than 225,000 of the company’s frontline associates. The company and the Walmart Foundation, in conjunction with The U.S. Conference of Mayors, are also announcing grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to advance sustainability and innovation in textile manufacturing. "Walmart is investing to better serve customers,” said Dan Bartlett, Walmart executive vice president for corporate affairs. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business – and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the county.” Walmart is planning $6.8 billion of capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which includes construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, as well as the expansion of new services such as Online Grocery Pickup. Walmart’s fiscal year begins Feb. 1; the company’s capital plans were first shared in October. Bartlett will discuss the company’s investments in job creation and associates -- and announce Innovation Fund grants to support the U.S. textile sector -- at the 85th Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C. Details are highlighted below. American Jobs Approximately 10,000 retail jobs created through the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services. An estimated 24,000 construction jobs supported through the opening of those facilities, plus the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. facilities. Workforce Investment By July of this year, Walmart will open 160 new training Academies around the country, bringing the total number of Academies to 200. More than 225,000 associates will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in 2017. The Walmart Academies are a network of facilities where frontline hourly supervisors and assistant store managers receive hands-on training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and the specifics of how to run individual store departments. The training is designed to help associates be successful in their careers and in meeting the changing needs of customers. U.S. Manufacturing Jobs The company’s investment in American jobs includes a 2013 commitment to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023, estimated to help create one million jobs.* Under the initiative, Walmart works with thousands of suppliers to help them gain access to the retailer’s shelves in stores and online. In the coming year, the program will continue to provide job-creating opportunities. Examples include: California Innovations, producer of the Ozark Trail “super cooler.” The Canadian company with U.S. operations is moving production of the cooler from China to a factory in Atlanta, Ga., creating 350 jobs. Edgewell Personal Care, a maker of personal hygiene products, which is bringing production from Canada to Dover, Del., creating272 jobs. Renfro Corporation, which will create a total of 442 jobs as a result of a deal to produce athletic socks in Fort Payne, Ala. Textile Industry Innovation This year, the Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six leading universities working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S. Through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have funded $10 million in grants since 2014. The 2017 Innovation Fund grant recipients will be announced as part of Bartlett’s remarks to U.S. mayors: Washington State University: to establish a sustainable process to recycle cotton waste by fiber regeneration using a wet spinning technique. North Carolina State University: to create a universal and sustainable commercial textile dyeing method that doesn't use salt or alkali; doesn’t produce effluent; and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water. Clemson University: for development of sustainable polyester fibers that achieve a high level of water and oil repellency. Oregon State University: to develop a sustainable, cost-effective dyeing and printing of smart fabrics process. Texas Tech University: to support research on various aspects of textile manufacturing, dyeing efficiency and specialty finishes. University of Massachusetts Lowell: to develop magnetic dyeing technology to address the technical and environmental issues of current dyeing techniques. * Based on data from Boston Consulting Group. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, -1.60% helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170117005592/en/ SOURCE: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc."> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@walmartnewsroom Walmart Randy Hargrove, 1-800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References WMT -1.07 -1.60% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $65.66 -1.07 (-1.60%) Volume 13.2M Open $66.86 High $66.97 Low $65.28 P/E Ratio 14.27 Div Yield 3.05 Market Cap 205.1B LatestNews
GoSearch Replay: News at Six WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Contests Events Weather 31° 31° Low 18° High 32° Sat 29° 32° Sun 23° 33° Mon 30° 43° See complete forecast Walmart Adding 10,000 U.S. Jobs Posted 8:44 am, January 17, 2017, by CNN Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr × Walmart Adding 10,000 U.S. Jobs NEW YORK — Walmart, the nation’s largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company’s current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy’s is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn’t focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Channel 13 is on Instagram! Join the fun. Share with us! Popular Johnston Teacher Placed on Leave Amidst Police Investigation Pipeline Rupture Spills 138,600 Gallons of Diesel in Northern Iowa Latest News Reaction to Des Moines Water Works Loss of Nitrates Supreme Court Case Thousands Gather for 44th Annual March for Life to Protest Legalization of Abortion Investigation Continues in Case of Waukee High School Assistant Principal Proposed Bill Would Make it Easier for Parents to Avoid Vaccinating Children News Walmart Trims its Christmas Eve Hours News Centerville Business Gives New Life to Old Walmart News Some Iowa Stores Among 150 Kmart and Sears Locations to Close by Spring Politics Ford Cancels Mexico Plant, Will Create 700 U.S. Jobs in ‘vote of confidence’ in Trump News Black Friday: Here’s when Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, other major stores will open News Trump Presidency Evokes Uncertainty in Job-Seeking Millennials News Names of Driver and Victims Released In Pella Walmart Crash News Police Chase Leads to Evacuation of Clinton County Walmart News Pickup Truck Drives Into Pella Walmart Politics Delta CEO: Trump’s Win Helped Our Bottom Line News Tax Incentives Key to Creating Economic Development News Iowa Hy-Vee Part of Online Food Stamps Program News Target Removes Scary Clown Masks from Stores Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 News at 6:30 KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 58° 58° Low 44° High 63° Sat 46° 71° Sun 49° 76° Mon 50° 77° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Wal-Mart Plans to Add 10,000 U.S. Jobs in 2017 Posted 5:39 AM, January 17, 2017, by CNN Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Walmart, the nation’s largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. Wal-Mart store signage is seen from the store lot on April 23, 2012 in Mexico City. (Credit: Daniel Aguilar/Getty Images) The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company’s current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy’s is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn’t focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. 36.372854 -94.208817 Filed in: Nation/World Topics: Wal-Mart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Watch KTLA 5 News Every newscast plus replays streamed online Popular ‘Can You Hear Me?’ Scam Has Police Warning Would-Be Victims to Hang Up Immediately Aspiring Actor Live Streams His Suicide on Facebook Days After Sex Assault Arrest in Santa Clarita Missing 28-Year-Old Woman Found Alive After Abandoned Car Located in Antelope Valley Twin Baby Girls From Illinois Have Different Skin Colors Latest News ‘Trump is Here Now’: Man Charged With Hate Crimes After Muslim Woman Attacked at JFK Airport L.A. Tallies Homeless Population Amid Concern About Growing Encampments 2 New York Men Charged in Alleged Ponzi Scheme for ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Woman Sought in Connection With Fullerton Carport Fire That Destroyed 5 Vehicles Money Smart Nation/World Wal-Mart to Invest More Than $1.3 Billion More in Mexico, Add 10,000 Jobs Nation/World Wal-Mart Stores to Close Early on Christmas Eve Local News Money Smart Black Friday: Here’s When Target, Wal-Mart, Best Buy, Other Major Stores Will Open Local News Money Smart Nation/World Sears, Kmart to Ramp Up Rapid Pace of Store Closures Following Another Quarter of Losses Money Smart Nation/World Amazon Plans to Create 100,000 Full-Time Jobs in the US Nation/World Macy’s to Close 68 More Stores, Including SoCal Locations; More Than 10,000 Jobs to Be Cut Nation/World Mother Gives Birth in Checkout Line at Utah Wal-Mart, Insists on Paying for Merchandise Nation/World Aloe Vera Gels From Wal-Mart, Target, CVS Might Not Contain Any Aloe Vera, Study Finds Local News 150 Kmart and Sears Stores to Close by Spring, Including SoCal Locations News Obama Economy Creates More Than 2 Million Jobs in 2016 Nation/World Secret Santa Pays Off More Than $46K Worth of Layaway Items at Pennsylvania Wal-Mart Nation/World Woman Dies After Being Run Over by Her Own Vehicle in Parking Lot of Memphis Wal-Mart Politics Ford Cancels Mexico Plant; Will Create 700 U.S. Jobs in ‘Vote of Confidence’ in Trump Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Wal-Mart plans for more workers, remodeled and new locations in N.J. Print Email Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Rajeev Dhir | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 17, 2017 at 9:23 AM, updated January 17, 2017 at 2:12 PM comments Wal-Mart will expand its footprint in the Garden State as it plans to hire more than 10,000 additional workers for retail positions across the country this year to fill jobs at 59 new, expanded or relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Clubs stores, the company announced Tuesday. In an email statement, a spokesperson for Wal-Mart said the company will remodel a dozen New Jersey locations and will add a new Supercenter location in Egg Harbor by this fall. The spokesperson did not comment on how many new jobs would be added in the state. "Our 2017 plans to grow our business - and our support for innovation in the textile industry - will have a meaningful impact across the county," Dan Bartlett, executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. The plan will also add 24,000 temporary construction jobs as company expands and remodels its stores, according to Wal-Mart. The retailer opened a Wal-Mart Supercenter location in Hamilton in Mercer County in October, adding 300 full- and part-time workers in New Jersey. The news comes a year after the retail giant announced plans to close 154 Wal-Mart Express stores across the country, cutting 10,000 employees from its workforce. None of those closures or job cuts were in New Jersey.  Wal-Mart has been forced to cut costs and reorganize its business structure as competition from online retailer Amazon eats away at sales. Other retailers like Macy's, Kohl's and Sears have also been struggling to keep afloat from the jump in competition. Wal-Mart operates more than 80 stores and employs about 21,000 people in New Jersey. Rajeev Dhir may be reached at rdhir@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @googasmammoo. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu now rampant throughout all New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Live BroadcastWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Chain Controls and Winter Driving Alerts Full Story Email share share tweet email BUSINESS Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Email share share tweet email none The WalMart Supercenter signage is seen in Springfield, Ill. (Seth Perlman) AP Tuesday, January 17, 2017 NEW YORK -- Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. Related Topics: businessbusinesswalmart Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. BUSINESS Business booming for Fresno medical supplier Restaurant chains feeding off Fresno's appetite, local experts worry it may not be sustainable Dow Jones industrial average eclipses 20,000 for the first time Bitwise announces expansion to 3 more buildings in Downtown Fresno More Business Top Stories Fresno County elementary school working to solve a complex contamination issue on campus Activists gather at Fresno City Hall to protest mayor's "sanctuary city" decision 1 killed in school bus and van head-on crash near Stevinson, CHP says California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup Trump signs executive action for 'new vetting measures' to keep 'radical Islamic terrorists' out of U.S. Helicopter crew rescued after being stranded in Sequoia National Forest Poverello House looks for community help in upgrading aging building Show More New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' Outcry from Squaw Valley residents amid concern convicted sex-offender may still move to area Pedestrian killed crossing HWY 99 after accident near Visalia 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 More News Photos PHOTOS: March for Life PHOTOS: Trump inauguration balls and galas Animal Compassion Team - Pets of the Week PHOTOS: Fashion at the People's Choice Awards More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Doctors: ED Caused by "Clog" Easily Cleared by Doing This Home | Newsfront Tags: US | Wal | Mart | Hiring Wal-Mart to Add 10,000 Retail Jobs in the US (JULIO CESAR AGUILAR/AFP/Getty Images) Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 07:34 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations.The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. US, Wal, Mart, Hiring 206 Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 07:34 AM 2017-34-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like More Most Commented Trump Wants 20 Percent Tax to Pay for Border Wall Thursday, 26 Jan 2017 | 787 comments Silly you! If I am a company who will have to pay a tax on an import, I am... White House Says Media Delegitimizing Trump, Won't 'Take It' Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 754 comments Thank you Mr. President. You are addressing the Lame Stream Media the way... Sean Spicer Rips 'Irresponsible and Reckless' Inaugural News Coverage Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 723 comments The Riot Act has been read ! Two times now the Main Slime Media has been... On Trump's Second Day, Thousands of Women to March in DC in Protest Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 823 comments President Bill Clinton assaulted and raped over 20 women and not a peep... Madonna: 'I Have Thought an Awful Lot about Blowing up the White House' Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 770 comments If she in fact said this, then the FBI should bring her in for... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 8:03 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 8:33 AM EST (FILE PHOTO) An exterior image of a Walmart store in Turnersville, New Jersey. Interior of Walmart store - close-up of shopping cart on aisle. Close-up of Walmart logo on exterior of "supercenter" store. Wal-Mart's earnings were slightly higher than a year earlier, but below forecasts. A beauty shot outside an unidentified Walmart Supercenter By Chris Isidore NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Walmart, the nation's largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company's current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy's is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam's Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn't focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Top Local Stories Metro Detroit weather: Scattered snow showers this weekend Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Cool start in the upper 20s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Colder evening brings snowflakes, raindrops Weather Getty Images Super Bowl quiz: Should you root for the Patriots or the Falcons? Sports Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and snow showers early Weather Metro Detroit weather: Rain turns to snow overnight Weather Metro Detroit weather: When does next snow arrive? Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Early morning showers with temps in the 30s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures stay mild Wednesday Weather UM reveals new process for renaming facilities on campus News Getty Images Investigators seek tips about Upper Peninsula wolf poaching News Metro Detroit forecast: Light rain with temps in the 30s Weather Money Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs Growth comes as many other retailers slashing jobs By CHRIS ISIDORE Posted: 8:02 AM, January 17, 2017 Updated: 8:16 AM, January 17, 2017 Joe Raedle/Getty Images Walmart More Money Headlines Run-DMC sues Amazon, Walmart for $50 million NEW YORK (CNNMoney) - Walmart, the nation's largest business employer, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company's current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy's is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon, which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam's Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn't focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Florida airport shooting suspect indicted on 22 counts Updated: 1 min ago A federal grand jury returned a 22-count indictment against the man accused of a shooting rampage at a South Florida airport that left five … Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos Updated: 25 mins ago Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos, President Donald Trump’s nominee for education secretary. NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire 8:30 pm Groton PD: Known heroin dealer arrested 6:57 pm Second arrest made in murder investigation of TJ Allen 8:15 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 39° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 35° F Wind: W 6 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:06 AM Sunset: 5:02 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US By Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:48 am Updated: January 17, 2017, 12:54 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Image: Shutterstock) NEW YORK (AP)– Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Shopping Shifts as Brick and Mortar Stores Erode into Retail History Run-DMC sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50M Macy’s to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales Wal-Mart kicks off Cyber Monday on Friday Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  BREAKING NEWS: Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal complaint Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling British Prime Minister's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama for refusing to pardon her father Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. - then holds hour-long phone call with Mexican president Trump doubles down on claim '3 million votes were illegal' as Pence promises Republican lawmakers 'a full evaluation'  Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Wal-Mart announces it will ADD 10,000 retail jobs as part of huge $6.8bn US expansion Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US as it opens new stores and expands existing locations The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc  By Associated Press and Reuters Published: 07:03 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 14:12 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail 101 shares 28 View comments Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Scroll down for video  Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations (file photo)  The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on February 1.  The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Wal-Mart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores.  There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc (file photo)  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Union suspends Southern Railway strikes ahead of fresh talks... Hyundai is the latest car company to curry favor with Trump... Share this article Share The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months.  Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year.  By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. Several U.S. companies, particularly automakers, have announced plans to create jobs in the United States since the U.S. election victory of Donald Trump. Trump, who takes office on January 20, has repeatedly singled out and criticized companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. General Motors Co will announce as early as Tuesday long-held plans to invest about $1billion in its U.S. factories, a person briefed on the matter told Reuters.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 101 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat Trump calls Islamic State 'sneaky, dirty rats' during Hannity interview Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● Comments (28) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having an affair  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... 'We all know what that means': Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists,... Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling PM's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama... Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. – then... Trump hails vote fraud campaign run by Texan grandfather who boasts it has evidence of 3 million illegals... Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump says he hopes to have a 'fantastic' relationship with Putin - who he's due to talk to tomorrow - but... MORE HEADLINES Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby Theodore in his brand new bedroom at the family's Washington DC home  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 40° F Broken Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 32° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: Presidential Inauguration Latest Headlines Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 14 mins ago DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Many citizens of Muslim-majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s curbs on travel to the Un… ‘Perry Mason’ actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: 14 mins ago LOS ANGELES (AP) — Barbara Hale, a movie actress who found her most famous role on television as steadfast secretary Della Street in the lon… As Year of the Rooster dawns, ‘phoenix claws’ grace the menu Updated: 54 mins ago Los Angeles freeway claims 3rd mountain lion in 2 months 5:26 pm GOP warns Trump about lifting sanctions on Russia 5:16 pm Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 40° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 33° F Wind: ESE 12 Humidity: 70% Dewpoint: 31° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 5:10 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 40° F Broken Clouds Hi: 47° F Lo: 32° F Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US MICHELLE CHAPMAN and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, The Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 3:26 am Updated: January 17, 2017, 12:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) A shopper walks past a sign encouraging customers to order grocery items online and pick them up at a store is displayed at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in Bentonville, Ark., Thursday, June 4, 2015. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston) NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. ________ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Today's Forecast Quiet and Cloudy Evening 5:25 pm Dry Through Weekend Trending Stories on KOIN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Walmart adding 10,000 U.S. jobs by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney January 17, 2017: 8:10 AM ET America's top retailers in trouble Walmart, which employs more workers than any other American business, plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The job growth will represent less than 1% of the company's current American workforce of about 1.5 million people. But it bucks the trend of major brick-and-mortar retailers, which have been slashing jobs and closing stores. Macy's (M) is closing 68 stores and cutting more than 10,000 jobs. Sears Holdings (SHLD) is closing 150 Sears and Kmart stores, eliminating an undisclosed number of jobs. The Limited has closed all its stores, and American Apparel is likely to do the same in bankruptcy proceedings. Walmart (WMT) itself announced a year ago it would close 269 underperforming stores, including 154, employing 10,000 workers, in the United States. Meanwhile, employment growth has come from online stores such as Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), which announced last week it would add U.S. 100,000 jobs. Walmart said Tuesday it would expand, renovate or relocate 59 Walmart and Sam's Club stores. Some of the jobs will come from expanding or improving e-commerce services. The company reiterated plans to make $6.8 billion of capital investments in the United States with expansion and remodeling of its stores. It said its plans will also lead to 24,000 temporary construction jobs. Related: Walmart's Mexico unit to add 10,000 jobs Walmart made no mention of President-elect Donald Trump in its announcement. But companies have been under pressure commit to U.S. jobs ahead of his inauguration Friday. Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin (LMT), which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint (S) said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Walmart, which imports heavily from China and Mexico, is facing pressure on U.S. jobs as well, even if Trump hasn't focused on the retailer the way he has other companies. When Walmart announced plans in December to add 10,000 jobs in Mexico over the next three years, Trump did not criticize the move. Walmart said at the time that it was not moving any jobs from the United States as part of its Mexican expansion. Walmart committed in 2013 to purchase $250 billion more in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. It estimated that would add 1 million U.S. jobs. It cited three suppliers who are moving operations from foreign countries back to the U.S., which it said will create a little over 1,000 jobs among them. Walmart has also been under pressure from union-backed groups seeking increases in the minimum wage across the nation. It has raised the minimum wage for its American workers to at least $10 an hour. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 17, 2017: 8:01 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart pledges to keep hiring pace in U.S. this year By Reuters Published: 12:52 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 12:52 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose and Sruthi Ramakrishnan Jan 17 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc will create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year as part of a previously announced plan, it said on Tuesday, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to hire more U.S. workers. The world's largest retailer joined companies like General Motors Co and Amazon.com Inc, which have rushed to announce their plans to add U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. The additional jobs at Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, would represent less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce of about 1.5 million and are consistent with its hiring in previous years. Most of the new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores announced in October as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan for the fiscal year beginning in February. Store openings will decline from 130 this year. Wal-Mart hopes to offset that drop by adding positions for e-commerce services like online grocery pick-up, a spokesman said. The new stores in the next fiscal year will also support about 24,000 construction jobs. "We view this as an opportunity to participate in an ongoing conversation about the private sector's role and address the contribution we are making to the community," Wal-Mart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. Wal-Mart's announcement comes as it has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. The company said last week that it would cut hundreds of human resources jobs and last year announced plans to eliminate thousands of back-office positions. Wal-Mart said it had offered "customer-facing jobs" to many of those workers. Other companies have also announced plans to add or save jobs. GM said on Tuesday that it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico, moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. German drug and pesticide maker Bayer AG, which is buying U.S. seed company Monsanto Co, pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. Trump has taken credit for these statements. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he tweeted on Tuesday. Wal-Mart also said that by July, it would open 160 training academies, adding to the 40 it already has. More than 225,000 workers will receive up to six weeks of specialty training and graduate from the academies in the coming fiscal year, the company said. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 41° 41° Low 30° High 47° Sat 28° 49° Sun 31° 44° Mon 30° 47° See complete forecast Walmart plans giant expansion that will create thousands of jobs Posted 5:50 am, January 17, 2017, by Associated Press Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart plans giant expansion that will create thousands of jobs NEW YORK (AP) — Walmart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U. S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. Walmart Stores Inc. says there will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Clubs facilities. The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U. S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Social media on fire about what some Brindlee Mountain students claim they did to teacher 14-year-old student hit and killed near North Sand Mountain High School UPDATE: Alabama State Troopers release name of person killed in Marshall County wreck Man charged with murder in Lauderdale County; victim identified Latest News Jackson County will hold a Cut-A-Thon for a Scottsboro woman battling cancer Gov. Robert Bentley violated campaign finance law, failed to disclose $50,000 loan on time The Lazy J farm has survived this year’s drought Bentley guests for inauguration include former aide Rebekah Mason News Mother gives birth in Walmart checkout line – after paying for merchandise Digital Life Taking Action BIG Black Friday toy deals on Paw Patrol, LEGO and more News Automotive components maker E & E expanding in Tennessee News Ford: F-series is best-selling truck for 40 years News Amazon says it will create 100,000 jobs across the U.S. News No actual aloe vera found in aloe gels from Walmart, Target, CVS: study Northeast Alabama The purchase of Bellefonte could be an economic boost for Jackson County News Major Retailers Release Black Friday Sales Schedule Huntsville Oscar Mayer Wienermobile visiting Huntsville through Saturday News Ford cancels Mexico plant, will create 700 U.S. jobs in ‘vote of confidence’ in Trump Northeast Alabama Fort Payne makes huge business expansions in the city this year Shoals CrimeStoppers Two face felony charges after shopping without paying in Russellville News Woman dies after being run over by her own car in Walmart parking lot Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart to add 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 By Reuters Published: 06:59 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 06:59 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail Jan 17 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would add about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year through the opening or remodeling of 59 stores as well as through its e-commerce business. The number of jobs being created is consistent with previous years, company spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments20+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Walmart touts plans to add thousands of jobs in 2017 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Sarah Halzack By Sarah Halzack January 17 Follow @sarahhalzack Shoppers walk from the checkout at a Walmart store in Springdale, Ark. (Danny Johnston/AP) Walmart on Tuesday announced plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and provide skills-building training to nearly a quarter-million of its workers by the end of 2017. The vast majority of the new positions would be in its stores, including 59 Walmart and Sam’s Club sites it is set to open, remodel or expand. The company says this level of job growth is consistent with what it has delivered over the past several years. In a news release outlining the plans, the world’s largest retailer sought to cast itself as an engine for U.S. employment growth. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs,” Dan Bartlett, Walmart’s executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in the release. That kind of messaging comes at a moment when President-elect Donald Trump has been sharply critical of companies that have moved jobs abroad or created new manufacturing facilities overseas. In an interview, The Washington Post asked Bartlett whether he thinks the current political environment made it particularly crucial to talk up Walmart’s employment strategies. “It’s always important to articulate how you’re creating jobs in your country,” Bartlett said. “Obviously, the conversation happening in our country right now, there’s a role for the private sector to have a voice in that conversation. And I think companies should be proud to stand up and talk about how they’re making positive contributions in their communities. So the timing seems right.” Other companies, too, have recently touted their commitment to creating domestic jobs. Earlier this month, when Stanley Black & Decker bought the Craftsman tool brand, it said it would be manufacturing those products stateside and growing its U.S. workforce to do so. Amazon.com said last week that it intends to add 100,000 positions nationwide over the next 18 months. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Post.) Along with the 10,000 positions Walmart plans to add in 2017, the company says it expects its investments would support an additional 24,000 construction jobs. The retailer had previously announced that it plans to spend $6.8 billion this year to build or remodel stores and to establish new e-commerce distribution centers, moves that should foster demand in the construction business. The company developed this projection based on historical data about how many construction workers it has needed for such projects in the past. Meanwhile, Walmart will also continue its effort to attract and retain talent by expanding its Academies program that provides special training for store workers. This year, it will open about 160 new Academies to offer this kind of instruction, a sharp jump over the 40 it has today. “We’re really putting the foot on the gas pedal and just investing in this training, because we see the immediate benefit of it,” Bartlett said. By adding more Academies, the company says, it will be able to offer up to six weeks of training to more than 225,000 workers. Walmart, like others in corporate America, has an especially close eye on Washington these days, waiting to see the details of plans from the incoming Trump administration and Congress that could dramatically reshape trade policy or corporate tax rules. But, Bartlett said, “it’s way premature to try to calculate the puts and takes of the various policies that have been discussed.” That’s in part because corporations have not yet heard the specifics of what these plans will call for. But, he said, as more details emerge, they have a framework for evaluating them. “The lens that we typically look at these things is: How does it affect our customers?” he said. Walmart also identified on Tuesday the recipients of $3 million in grants that the Walmart Foundation is providing to six universities for studies of innovation in textile manufacturing, part of an earlier commitment it had made to funding research grants for projects on how to make textiles more sustainably and to make more of them stateside. Save business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 20+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news. Follow @sarahhalzack 27 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 CDC’s canceled climate change conference is back on — thanks to Al Gore 2 In these six American towns, laws targeting ‘the illegals’ didn’t go as planned 3 Trump’s choice for labor secretary outsourced jobs 4 Tariff? Border tax? Why it’s so hard for Donald Trump to make Mexico pay for the wall. 5 The smart way to think about that trade deficit with Mexico Market Watch DJIA 0.16% NASDAQ -0.02% Get quote Last Update: 01/27/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.

Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated Lake Street-Marshall Avenue bridge reopens after protest, police say Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Critics: Downtown St. Paul skyways are unsafe, unsightly, mismanaged Former Twins manager Kelly to be honored with statue at Target Field A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list next Business 410867085 Target, other stores partner with trade group for entry-level job training program Target, Home Depot and other stores are supporting the program.  By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press January 16, 2017 — 6:03pm Seth Perlman, Associated Press Wal-Mart employees answer questions during a job fair at the University of Illinois Springfield campus in Springfield, Ill., in 2011. Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs, a nonprofit group and chains such as Wal-Mart and the Home Shopping Network are launching a program to help people develop the skills to land entry-level jobs and advance in a retail career. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs, nonprofit groups and chains such as Target, Wal-Mart, Home Depot and the Home Shopping Network are launching a program to help people develop the skills to land entry-level jobs and advance in a retail career. As more people shop online, stores say they need workers who come in with more knowledge and can offer better service. The training and credential program, led by the nonprofit arm of the National Retail Federation trade group, includes sales and inventory basics, dealing with customers and how to use technology. “The skill gap is a huge challenge in America broadly,” said Ellen Davis, a senior vice president at the trade group and executive director of the NRF Foundation. “Talent is a significant challenge in retail at all levels.” More than 20 major retailers have pledged general support for the Rise Up program. It’s part of a broader credential plan that would help workers move up that may include training for store supervisors and in specific areas like retail analytics. Thirty-two percent of all first jobs in the U.S. are in retail, the retail federation said, and stores overall have more job openings now than they did a few years ago. Rising wages have increased competition for workers as people take better-paying jobs. The average hourly pay for cashiers and low-level retail sales staff is $9.26, according to a recent Hay Group study — a level labor groups say still isn’t enough to live on. The retail industry says store jobs can be a starting point toward bigger things. Target CEO Brian Cornell said in a statement that 60 percent of team leaders at the Minneapolis-based retailer began as hourly store workers, and that the company has a long history of strong training and development programs. Rise Up is yet another opportunity “offering people throughout the industry tremendously valuable learning and growth opportunities as they chart their retail career path.” In stores, entry-level work isn’t just about folding clothes and ringing up sales. Beyond making change, the Rise Up program includes how to balance a cash drawer and check for counterfeit currency. Employees also need to understand how stores and online sites work together, use up-to-date handhelds to check inventory and solve customer-service problems. “It’s crisp, clear lessons,” said James Rhee, CEO of clothing chain Ashley Stewart, which is among the retailers that will give the credential weight in their hiring. “It’s not just about buying and selling. It’s extremely service-oriented, but it’s extremely more quantitative and it’s all about the innovation of technology.” The program offers 30 to 40 hours of classroom training or 15 hours of online training, and will be administered through nonprofit groups and public education partners. The overall cost is $50, but many students will be able to get subsidies. How much of an effect this first industry credential could have remains to be seen. It follows a hodgepodge of certificates backed by government or foundation grants that didn’t hold much sway. The NRF Foundation will evaluate the program at six to 10 companies later this year to see if participants get jobs faster, stay longer and get raises faster. It’ll make changes if necessary after that. Wal-Mart, which has training academies for its own workers, said it won’t decide about using the credential in the hiring process until after the study. Dress for Success, which worked with the NRF Foundation on a pilot program in New York with nine women, has seen most of them find work. “Our goal is to not just get them a job,” said Amy Tashjian, senior director of worldwide programs for Dress for Success, “but to continue to build their confidence and to help them not just get a job but a career.”   Staff writer Kavita Kumar contributed to this report. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Focus is key to a successful job hunt out of college How longer life spans may change workplaces Capella's stock rises sharply after first-quarter results beat expectations Ask Matt: Why do they want me to take an assessment test? U.S. Bank tests ways to fight bias against long-term unemployed More From Business Business January 28 Reviews: Nintendo Switch and Apple AirPods each get thumbs up Nintendo Switch $300Console options like a custom experienceNintendo's new Switch console is an odd gadget. With a modular design that lets you take your quest… Business January 28 BlackBerry and Nokia phones are coming back — with a twist The 2017 smartphone cycle is about to kick off in earnest, and there are some familiar names fighting to come back into the fold.BlackBerry Mobile… Business 1 minute ago U.S. economy slowed near the end of 2016 Growth rate of 1.6 percent was less than half of Trump's target. South Metro 14 minutes ago Local candy company Abdallah expands to Apple Valley The candy company added a second production facility and a store in Apple Valley Business 23 minutes ago State hopes '25 percent off sale' will draw health plan shoppers Lawmakers this week provided the 25 percent premium rebates to certain people buying through the state's individual market. Top Stories Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota 58 minutes ago Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours 27 minutes ago St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated 17 minutes ago Most Read United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well • Business Mexican import tax would be dire for Minnesota industry, trade experts say • Business American Apparel, Wet Seal closing remaining Twin Cities stores • Business Dayton signs bill bearing health insurance premium relief • Business State hopes '25 percent off sale' will draw health plan shoppers • Business World Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust remembrance day Nation Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Little girls doubt that women can be brilliant, study shows Politics Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild rolls into All-Star break with romp over Blues Wild's All-Star caravan readies for its L.A. close-up Wolves Crunch topples KAT's dad in stunt gone wrong; Pacers topple Wolves Souhan: Thibodeau's style working with young Wolves Gophers North Star Cup didn't turn into 'magic event' organizers hoped Eggum sheds 'interim' tag, named head coach of Gophers wrestling Celebrities Willie Nelson cancels 2 of 5 Las Vegas shows due to illness 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 Vikings Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Mailbag: Cordarrelle Patterson to running back? Issues beyond Peterson? poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $14,245,000 Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Owens Corning Inc (OC) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Position Increased by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Decreases Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $925,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Raised by Moors & Cabot Inc. Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Position Boosted by Capital World Investors Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Position Lowered by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 3,000,000 Shares of American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Shares Sold by Baker Avenue Asset Management LP Capital International Investors Has $151,632,000 Stake in Ctrip.com International, Ltd. (CTRP) Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Bonds Drop 0.8% During Trading RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Position Boosted by Commonwealth Equity Services Inc January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Commonwealth Equity Services Inc raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 4.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 371,712 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 15,166 shares during the period. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $26,808,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.9% in the third quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. now owns 2,261 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Kanaly Trust Co increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.7% in the second quarter. Kanaly Trust Co now owns 2,255 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $165,000 after buying an additional 489 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.13 on Monday. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $70.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.24. The firm has a market cap of $206.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.56 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.03 earnings per share. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Position Boosted by Commonwealth Equity Services Inc” was first posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-position-boosted-by-commonwealth-equity-services-inc.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on WMT shares. Vetr upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 4th. Guggenheim started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target on the stock. KeyCorp set a $90.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $74.84. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox One PlayStation 4 PC Games Nintendo Switch Mobile Games More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy News Where Can You Still Pre-Order The Nintendo Switch? Share Tweet by Dean James on January 16, 2017 The Nintendo Switch has definitely had some mixed reception since Nintendo’s presentation last Thursday that announced the console’s price, release date, and games lineup, but that hasn’t stopped it from selling out all over the place. Following the end of the presentation, most of the main nationwide retailers in the US put up pre-orders online for the console and sold out, so now the question remains, is there anywhere left to pre-order the Nintendo Switch? Walmart was the first of the main retailers to put their pre-orders up last Thursday night, followed by Best Buy, GameStop, Amazon, and Target in that order. Walmart seemed to sell out in mere minutes, with lots of people getting cancellation emails after, but they put more back up a bit later. Best Buy had them up for awhile as well, but GameStop sold out pretty quickly at first. Amazon and Target were mostly the same as well, though GameStop put them back up for pre-order and they lasted for a few days. As of the time of this writing, none of the major nationwide US retailers have the Nintendo Switch available for pre-order online. GameStop has since reported that they have sold through their allotment of the system, though some say that this includes open pre-orders allotted to stores that may still be available, but that will depend on your local GameStop. The actual in-store pre-orders started on Friday morning and had stores putting signs up detailing the number of units they would have available for pre-order at opening, which you could pre-order by putting down $50. The morning after the first pre-orders went up, Walmart also started advertising the ability to go in-store and pre-order the Switch at the in-store pickup counter by putting 10% down, which would be $30. They stated that this would be available for a limited time, but this is still being advertised on their website. However, you will definitely have to check in store to see if that is still the case. Considering the pre-orders are completely gone on the website for now though, you may be out of luck. At this point, your best bets are to check with your local GameStop or Walmart in-store and see if they are still taking pre-orders for the Nintendo Switch. GameStop has already said that they have contacted Nintendo about trying to get more pre-order allotment, so keep an eye on the website for more to potentially go up. We do not know if the other retailers like Amazon may have more pre-order allotments that they will put up prior to the system’s release, but I’d definitely keep checking. In addition, Toys R Us is kind of the wild card here as they have not done pre-orders that I am aware of. The website just has a general Nintendo Switch information page right now, so it’s possible they will put pre-orders up online before release, or potentially do them in-store as they’ve offered in the past with consoles. At this point, we really have no idea if the Nintendo Switch will be hard to find at launch, and if so, for how long. The Wii was near impossible to find for over a year in stores, but the Wii U was everywhere at launch, even though it sold out of initial pre-orders. Our best advice is to keep looking out and hopefully you’ll be able to snag one. Say SomethingGameaggendon Giveaway $250 Best Buy Gift Card More About Nintendo Switch Nintendo Releases New Switch UI Details Nintendo’s been releasing a drip feed of details about the Switch, their console/handheld hybrid that launches on March 3rd, but now we have a better idea about how the UI (user interface) works. Pictured above, we can see several menus,... Nintendo Switch Pro Controller FCC Approval Should Mean Pre-Orders Are Coming Soon Nintendo Switch: What We Know and Heat Check EA Exec Says Nintendo Has Been Listening To Third Parties With Nintendo Switch Resident Evil 7 Not Coming to Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch has Over 80 Games in Development Right Now Related Popular Nintendo Switch Content Nintendo Switch Pro Controller FCC Approval Should Mean Pre-Orders Are Coming Soon The Nintendo Switch was fully unveiled nearly two weeks ago and with that came the barrage of accessories that will be releasing for the system. While the system itself comes with the two JoyCon controllers, an alternate option is the... Nintendo Switch will have Paid Online Multiplayer Starting Fall 2017 Update: More details can be found here, such as the differences between free and paid subscriptions, which seem to amount to access to basic features for free members. Subscribers will also get free goodies, like NES and SNES VC games with... Nintendo: “Breath of the Wild” is Final Wii U Game The writing has been on the wall for a while now, but Nintendo has made it official: the next Zelda game is the final Nintendo-produced title for the Wii U. Speaking with Polygon after the Nintendo Switch event in New... Resident Evil 7 Not Coming to Nintendo Switch While PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC owners will be getting their hands on Resident Evil 7 very soon, those hoping that the horror franchise will arrive on the Nintendo Switch may be disappointed by recent comments by developers. Accordingto... Nintendo Switch Will Support MicroSDXC Cards Up To 2 TB The Nintendo Switch finally had its grand unveiling during a live presentation in Tokyo, Japan this past Thursday. In that presentation, the actual system information was somewhat limited, but further reports after provided more info. During yesterday’s Nintendo Treehouse Live,... Why Nintendo’s Conference Made Me Not Want to Buy a Switch When the Nintendo Switch was first announced back in October, I was pleasantly surprised to find myself actually interested in the console. Now I haven’t owned (nor wanted) a Nintendo console since the SNES, so this was quite the revelation... Rumor: Nintendo Switch Will Offer GameCube Games On Its Virtual Console, Upgrade Program For Older Systems The Nintendo Switch was officially announced back in late October after being known as the NX for awhile, with the full reveal set for January 12. In the meantime, we’ve seen plenty of rumors coming out and the latest definitely... Nintendo Switch: What We Know and Heat Check Now that we are comfortably away from ground zero of the Nintendo Switch announcement and the hyperbole, both positive and negative, has subsided, it’s time to take stock in what we have here. The previously titled Nintendo Nx is now... Nintendo Switch Video Actor Reveals More News About The Console/Controllers A new interview has been conducted with one of the actors that featured in the Nintendo Switch commercial/reveal trailer. He says some interesting things about his experience. The interview was conducted by GameXplain and they spoke to  Nicky. He’s one... Titanfall 2 Won’t Fit On Nintendo Switch, Says Respawn With the release of the Nintendo Switch on the horizon and ports of certain games coming to the console this year, it’s naturally going to be common to wonder what other recent games might be coming to the console. We... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews facebook.com/attackofthefanboy twitter.com/FanboyAttack youtube.com/FanboyAttack RSS Google+
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 16 January 2017 | MYT 1:25 PM Wal-Mart’s leadership expands executive roles in online push Online push: The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor. — Reuters Wal-Mart Stores Inc announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for US$3.3bil (RM14.73bil) last year.  It was the second time Wal-Mart has shuffled its e-commerce decks after it acquired Jet.com in August and appointed Marc Lore to run its e-commerce business. In November, Wal-Mart announced a number of management changes and said Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust would lead fulfilment operations for both Jet.com and Wal-Mart.com.  Among the changes announced on Jan 13, Wal-Mart said Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global e-commerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its e-commerce business. Michael Bender, chief operating officer for e-commerce, will leave the company.  Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and e-commerce offerings.  Wal-Mart also appointed GE Power executive Clay Johnson as the new chief information officer. Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who will leave in February.  "These changes continue to show Lore is putting his stamp on the business," said Brian Yarbrough, senior research analyst with Edward Jones. "It remains to be seen how effective this will be."  The departures are a sign that Wal-Mart's struggling online business will get a drastic makeover under Lore, who started out in e-commerce with Diapers.com, which he eventually sold to Amazon.com Inc in 2010 for US$550mil (RM2.45bil). Lore is likely to stay with Wal-Mart for at least five years, according to filings.  The changes announced on Jan 13 are also part of a broader push by Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and to give it an even more dominant position in US e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival.  The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor  Analysts expect such executive shuffles to continue as Wal-Mart keeps integrating Jet.com into its business.  "Wal-Mart clearly isn't done reconfiguring its e-commerce operation and still has work to do," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research.  He said a lot of companies are combining oversight of their store and online operations with the goal of having a single retail organisation, as Apple Inc did last year. — Reuters You May Be Interested Speculation builds on a Verizon-Charter tie-up, no offer made EBay holiday-quarter revenue up 3.1%, shares jump STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm Tortoises at Kek Lok Si Temple get new home Ponkan oranges choice of the season advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Most Viewed in Tech Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Chinese Lunar New Year ticket snatching apps raise hackles China girlfriend rental app gets leg up from Lunar New Year demand China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyberattacks, may face more Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Facing huge writedown, battered Toshiba decides to sell part of memory chip business STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Starbucks must ease mobile order pileup to get customers in line Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Adams County Crime Blotter: Threats over apple pie Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Shevchenko headlines UFC Denver Fixing Broncos O-line Australian Open update APS budget cuts New Denver skyscraper Denver weather News YourHub Adams County Crime Blotter: Threats over apple pie Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Provided by Law Enforcement | January 17, 2017 at 4:24 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Coroner’s report details drunken last hours of CorePower Yoga founder Trevor Tice Editorial: Lying Trump can’t be trusted, and that needs to stop now Building Broncos: OL, Fixing the mess is a must, but it won’t be easy Trump adviser calling for overhaul of “junk science” at EPA Bill to let bicyclists roll through stop signs gains speed, but there are roadblocks ahead Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban No free pie. On Dec. 28, two employees of the McDonald’s inside Walmart, 5990 Dahlia St., Commerce City, called police after two men threatened them for not giving away apple pies. The suspects said they couldn’t pay for the pies, but to just hand them over. The employees refused, and the two said they would come back and beat them up later. They left the area and police couldn’t find them. Disappearing passenger. Police responded to a traffic incident at the intersection of West  104th Avenue and Livingston Drive, Northglenn, on Dec. 1. Someone inside the car that caused the accident ran from the scene, but the driver wouldn’t say who it was. He was ticketed for false reporting and driving while high on marijuana. Who gets the microwave. On Dec. 15, a woman called police to escort her over to her former girlfriend’s house in the 1300 block of Milky Way, Thornton, so that she could retrieve some of her things. The two started fighting over who would keep the microwave, and officers had to detain them. The other woman. A woman returned to her home in the area of East 72nd Avenue and Poplar Street, Commerce City, on Dec. 27 where she lived with her ex-husband. When she tried to enter the apartment, she noticed that her ex had another woman inside. The woman tried to get inside the apartment to fight the other woman. She was eventually arrested for harassment. Scammed. Police were called by the Wells Fargo elder abuse department on Dec. 2 because one of their clients who lives in the 500 block of Leonard Lane, Northglenn, had been tricked into forking over nearly $4,000 five months earlier. Tags:  crime blotter Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in YourHub Arvada Crime Blotter: Man runs from cab fare for six blocks January 25, 2017, 2:56 pm This week’s Arvada crime blotter includes a man who ran for six blocks to escape his cab fare, a young couple who stole more than $400 worth of merchandise from Big 5, a very impaired driver and a nasty case of road rage. Aurora Crime Blotter: Restaurant burglar leaves empty-handed January 25, 2017, 2:54 pm The neighbor of a man who lives in the 1400 block of North Moline Street called him Jan. 6 because he said he saw someone drive up to the man’s car and smash out the back window in the middle of the night before driving off. Adams County Crime Blotter: Woman cited for throwing items in the road January 25, 2017, 2:53 pm A witness called police to the bus stop at East 60th Avenue and Dahlia Street in Commerce City because a woman waiting for the bus there Dec. 28 was belligerently rambling and throwing things from her Walmart cart into the street. Business Q&A: Olde Town Flower Shoppe, Arvada January 25, 2017, 2:50 pm What was once Fiori di Flavio is now the Olde Town Flower Shoppe and is offering incredible services for all flower related needs in Arvada. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Governor signs bill banning abortion procedure; measure fails to make March primary permanent Hutchinson: Trump’s protectionist talk a concern; opposes school choice bill Bill would delay medical marijuana until legal nationwide House panel advances tax break for military retirees, removes planned tax hike on manufactured housing Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Northwest Arkansas sales tax revenue begins 2017 with an almost 11% increase Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers Arkansas tourism industry hopes to build off two-year ‘hot streak,’ may face some economic headwinds in 2017 Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart touts job creation ahead of inauguration and corporate office layoffs BusinessManufacturingNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 1 week ago 665 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Manufacturing Initiative Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Taking a page from competitor Amazon’s playbook, Bentonville-based Wal-Mart Stores said Tuesday (Jan. 17) it plans to create 10,000 new retail jobs across the country this year when it opens 59 new stores or expands and remodels existing stores previously announced in October. The retailer said its capital building plan will also support 24,000 construction jobs around the country. That announcement was made by Dan Bartlett, executive vice president of corporate affairs for Wal-Mart who spoke during the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington D.C. Amazon made news last week with its plans to add 100,000 U.S. jobs over the next 18 months, also largely seen as posturing for the incoming presidential administration that has taken a strong stance on trade deals that help, not hinder the U.S. economy. Wal-Mart’s news on job creation also comes before the Presidential Inauguration slated for Friday (Jan. 20) and ahead of what is expected to be significant job cuts in the retailer’s corporate and support offices, mostly in its home base of Northwest Arkansas. Wal-Mart also reiterated Tuesday its own commitment to U.S. manufacturing announcing grants to fund sustainability and innovation in the textile manufacturing industry. “Wal-Mart is investing to better serve customers,” Bartlett said. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs. Our 2017 plans to grow our business –and our support for innovation in the textile industry – will have a meaningful impact across the country.” FUNDING TEXTILE RESEARCH The Walmart Foundation will provide $3 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to six leading universities working to advance sustainability and innovations in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S. The retailer and its foundation have funded $10 million in grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund since 2014. Bartlett said this year’s grant recipients for textile innovations include the following. • Washington State University – to establish a sustainable process to recycle cotton waste by fiber regeneration using a wet spinning technique. • North Carolina State University – to create a universal and sustainable commercial textile dyeing method that doesn’t use salt or alkali; doesn’t produce effluent; and produces more than 95% savings of both energy and water. • Clemson University – for development of sustainable polyester fibers that achieve a high level of water and oil repellency. • Oregon State University – to develop a sustainable, cost-effective dyeing and printing of smart fabrics process. • Texas Tech University – to support research on various aspects of textile manufacturing, dyeing efficiency and specialty finishes. • University of Massachusetts Lowell – to develop magnetic dyeing technology to address the technical and environmental issues of current dyeing techniques. When launched in 2013, Wal-Mart’s U.S. Manufacturing Jobs initiative was lauded by states and cities across the nation that saw darkened factories light up and jobs trickle back into their communities. Wal-Mart garnered a lot of publicity for the $250 billion pledge it made to buy more products made in the USA between 2013 and 2023. But four years into that pledge the growth in new jobs appears to have slowed. Some of the biggest cheerleaders for this effort such as former U.S. CEO Bill Simon and executive Michelle Gloeckler have also left the company. MANUFACTURING JOBS Cindi Marsiglio, vice president for U.S. Manufacturing at Walmart, has also been a champion of this cause. She told Talk Business & Politics recently that Walmart hopes to create 1 million jobs nationwide by 2023 with this effort and the retailer is on track with what it is spending and what it estimates in terms of job creation. “I have been in factories around Arkansas since we’ve begun this initiative, and I’ve seen areas for growth and opportunity – job by job, factory by factory, “ Marsiglio said Oct. 10 during an announcement made at Pernod Ricard in Fort Smith. The Fort Smith announcement did not create new jobs, but the company said it would relocate a production line to Fort Smith for the Malibu Rum product equating to about 6,000 shift hours for existing and seasonal employees to perhaps move to full-time. Wal-Mart said Tuesday that under the initiative, it works with thousands of suppliers to help them gain access to the retailer’s shelves in stores and online. The retailer said this year there are new jobs coming to California Innovations, the maker of Ozark Trail super coolers. This is a Canadian company that has some U.S. operations and is in the process of moving some production from China to Atlanta Ga., and creating 350 jobs. Edgewell Personal Care, a maker of personal hygiene products is planning to move production from Canada to Dover, Del., creating 272 jobs in that community. Renfro Corporation expects to create 442 jobs with a deal to manufacture athletic socks in Fort Payne, Ala. Wal-Mart did not say how long it take before these new manufacturing sites ramp up to full employment. In most cases it takes three years or so. Reshoring Initiative, a nonprofit organization focused on helping companies reshore manufacturing production since 2010, estimates 265,000 jobs have been created in the United States since January 2010 through July 2016 as a result of companies bringing some of their manufacturing production back to the United States from abroad. Their estimates include Wal-Mart’s efforts. Comments comments Previous post House panel defers action on bill to track mental health patients, passes measure to amend law on defaced firearms Next post Former Bailey & Oliver employee files equal pay, gender discrimination lawsuit Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Pakko The Arkansas economy in 2017: Improving trends to continue John Burris 10 rules for legislators Kathy Deck Arkansas economic growth to continue in 2017, but pace could slow Williams Yamkam 5 questions for President Trump and his team Latisha Settlage Arkansas, national economies poised for more growth in 2017 Latest Popular Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies 2 hours ago Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year 4 hours ago U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 8 hours ago Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth 8 hours ago Bentonville/Bella Vista chamber rebrands with new name, logo 11 hours ago The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers 2,835 views Women’s March for Arkansas draws thousands to Little Rock 2,739 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations 2,093 views Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner 2,058 views Brewer’s exit as CEO of Sam’s Club surprised few; likely to have many career options 1,569 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Iowa City woman accused of threatening student newspaper employees Iowa state employees being asked to give up raises White deer holding their own in Eastern Iowa Cedar Rapids police officer Jones remains on paid administrative leave Marion vaults to No. 1 for first time Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump Melania Trump’s lawsuit against blogger can proceed ‘Hidden’ no more: Johnson, a black NASA pioneer, finds acclaim at 98 Trump suspends U.S. refugee program, suspends entry from some countries Iowa law officers union says state rejected its counter-offer on skipping pay raise General Motors says it will invest $1 billion more in U.S. factories Trump: 'Thanks ... for starting the big jobs push' Video Photo The GM logo is seen at the General Motors Warren Transmission Operations Plant in Warren, Michigan October 26, 2015. Photo taken October 26. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook) By By David Shepardson, Reuters Jan 17, 2017 at 2:19 pm | Print View WASHINGTON — General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the $2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the $1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. “Thank you to General Motors and Wal-Mart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.,” Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s announcement that it will hire 10,000 U.S. workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc. American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new U.S. jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced “had been in the works for some time” but she added “the timing was good for us to share what we are doing.” The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the $1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing $5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 U.S. jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM’s bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 U.S. employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM’s new investments “have emerged as a result of the 2015” contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 percent, or $0.23 per share, to $37.57. ‘BIG STUFF’ Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing “big stuff,” Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some U.S. auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing $1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On Jan. 3, Trump threatened to impose a “big border tax” on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico — and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost U.S. investment by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co and Kia Motors Corp, which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM’s next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in U.S. plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM’s “general plan is to build where we sell, and we’re focused on what we’re doing in the United States,” Chief Executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump’s inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, “I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren’t aligned.” Your next Business articles Grassley talks farming with school kids, ... In contrast to fellow tech start up Uber ... After months of close calls, Dow finally ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Barack Obama's move to new home underway Business Standard Wal-Mart to add 10,000 US jobs in 2017 The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country Reuters  January 17, 2017 Last Updated at 17:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USeoEj A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey, Mexico. Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Wal-Mart's next move against Amazon: More warehouses, faster shipping ISIS' leadership dwindling, territory shrinking as it has no access to international border: United States Lure of live food preps GAC seeks to be first Chinese carmaker to crack United States Out of the shadows Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would add about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year through the opening or remodeling of 59 stores as well as through its e-commerce business. The number of jobs being created is consistent with previous years, company spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country. Read More On Wal-mart | United States PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Wal-Mart to add 10,000 US jobs in 2017 The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would add about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year through the opening or remodeling of 59 stores as well as through its e-commerce business. The number of jobs being created is consistent with previous years, company spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart to add 10,000 US jobs in 2017 The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country Wal-Mart Stores Inc said it would add about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year through the opening or remodeling of 59 stores as well as through its e-commerce business. The number of jobs being created is consistent with previous years, company spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. The company employs almost 1.5 million people in the country. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home News Featured News Columns Front-Page Flashback Out & About Garden Spot Outdoor Adventure Hand in Hand with Elayne Monday’s Warm Cocoa Clerk’s Corner Tech Guru Critter Chatter A Student’s View Museum Memories Matters of Faith Financial Focus Non-Active Columns The Hamilton Papers Movie Reviews Homefront Pioneer Prose In Good Health Blast from the Past The Chopping Block Children’s Justice Center From the Heart Over the Fence Editor’s Notebook Horse Whisperer Family Ties Obits Hometown Sports Sports Feature Articles From the Sidelines Sports Wrap Announcements Weddings Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Missionaries Military Bulletin Board Notes of Appreciation Honors, Awards & Graduations Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Send Letter to Editor Community News School News Special Sections Christmas Writing Photo Gallery Archive Events Subscribe Classifieds Browse Ads Search Ads Place Ad About Us Who We Are Our Staff Media Kit Request a Quote Contact Us Support Extras Tell Me a Story Our Picks Poetry Make One Great Dish Book Reviews Moments in Time Strange But True Short Stories Amazon Store Kindle Store Links Weather Randy Drysdale has spent the past five years honing his skills in woodworking. One of his specialties is cigar-box guitars. He does much of his work on a lathe. Shows his tools of the trade. Randy Drysdale shows off a case of hand-crafted wooden pens. Drysdale he works on his lathe at his shop. Christmas ornament. A key ring stand. Cigar-box guitars are one of the many items made by Randy Drysdale. (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Darren Vaughan No comments yet Hometown 196 Views Related Tumbling into a Dream 2017 Drill Team Regionals Teaching German January 17, 2017 Hand-Crafted Tooele resident Randy Drysdale creates hand-crafted gifts ♦ Randy Drysdale wanted to make a unique gift for his brothers-in-law. Something that wasn’t mass-produced. Something that couldn’t be bought off the shelves at Walmart, where he works. Despite not having much woodworking experience – “I took some woodworking classes in junior high and had a little bit of experience with a lathe in junior high, but nothing really,” he said – he went to work on hand-crafted, cigar-box guitars. That sparked something in Drysdale, who has spent the past four or five years making everything from pens and bottle stoppers to clocks, wooden signs and toy cars in the shop he set up in the garage of his Tooele home. This originally was just a hobby and it’s just grown,” said Drysdale, who started off with a straight saw and a band saw and has since seen his collection of tools grow. “A lot of the time, this is like my stress reliever after a normal day. On my days off, I’m good if I can spend three or four hours [in the shop]. I spend no more than about 10 hours a week.” Drysdale started off just doing the cigar-box guitars, but eventually was encouraged by his brother-in-law to start “turning” – putting a block of wood on a lathe and carving it into a pen, a bottle stopper or the handle of an ice-cream scoop. “My brother-in-law says when you put a piece of wood on the lathe, you have an idea of what you want it to look like, but half the time, something happens where you get a catch in the wood, something changes or you mis-cut a little bit,” Drysdale said. “So you never know what that piece is going to look like until you’re completely finished with it. A bottle stopper can take him an hour to make, while more ornate, detail-oriented projects like a guitar will take weeks, he said. “There’s a lot of finishing and a lot of shaping on the guitars to do,” Drysdale said. Drysdale was encouraged to start displaying and selling his work at local craft shows and boutiques, as well as at events like Stockton Days, by friend and fellow crafter Rebecca Lee. A lot of his sales also come via word-of-mouth from friends and family. He also helps other crafters by creating elements that they can add to their own work. When Drysdale is getting ready for a craft show, he said it can be difficult to figure out how much of each item to make. “A lot of this stuff is stuff that I’ll do on my own and just say, ‘this’ll be a good item, they might like it,’” he said. ‘Sometimes it works really good and sometimes you don’t really sell it at all. Sometimes it’s a gamble.’ It can become particularly difficult around the holidays, when he’s trying to work ahead to make sure he has enough product to sell. He said he begins working on Christmas ornaments in September in an attempt to keep up with the demand. “A lot of times, when the holidays get closer, it does feel like a part-time job,” he said. “You try to get everything built up, but you can never plan. Something you have no idea if people are going to want, they’re going to go crazy for. I had a layered ornament – a Nativity one I only made 10 of them to begin with, and I told my wife to tell people that she knew that they could buy them. Her cousin wanted 20 of them. Between her and selling them through shows, I’ve sold 30 or 40 of them over the holidays. Then, I could mass-produce something and think, ‘people are going to love this,’ and it just sits there. You can never tell.” Toy cars are also popular items, Drysdale said. Most craft shows don’t have many products aimed at children, and Drysdale prices his cars between $5 and $10 to draw them in. Once their parents buy a car for their child, many of them come back for another car the next year, he said. “Just knowing that somebody likes something enough that they’re willing to pay money to have a piece of it [is rewarding],” Drysdale said. “There’s people at work that will come up to me that bought a pen and they’ll say they’re still using it or that they love the pen. My wife has a lot of Facebook friends, and that’s a big part of my sales. She’ll tell me how much her friend likes the pen or the seam ripper I made for them. That’s probably the most rewarding thing.” Drysdale also enjoys supporting and being a part of Tooele County’s small-business community through participating in craft shows. He hopes that local residents continue to support him and his fellow crafters. “Even if it’s not through me, I like people to buy local,” he said. “Shop small businesses. Even though I work for a big-box store, I like that people still want to shop and spend money on something hand-crafted.” Drysdale’s work can be seen on his Facebook page, Bear Claw Workshop. About Latest Posts Darren Vaughan Latest posts by Darren Vaughan (see all) Jenkins, Stallions crush Cougars - January 26, 2017 Stallions stun Cougars with big late rally - January 26, 2017 Late run gives GHS league win - January 24, 2017 Share Post Tweet 0 Comments Recommended Tumbling into a Dream 2017 Drill Team Regionals Teaching German Winter Parade Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Events Calendar Local Weather For more weather including 7 and 10 day forecasts click HERE. Menu Featured News Hometown Sports Columns Classifieds Obits Links Amazon Store Kindle Store Who We Are Contact Us Request a Quote Send Letter to Editor Help & Support Contact Us Toll Free: (866) 721-9992 Local: (435) 882-0050 Fax: (435) 882-6123 Email: tbp@tooeletranscript.com Hours of Operation Monday – Friday: 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Closed Sat. & Sun. Who We Are At the Tooele Transcript Bulletin, we provide up-to-date news and advertising for Tooele County, Utah. Founded in 1894, our twice-weekly newspaper has been serving readers and the community for nearly 120 years. In addition to the newspaper, we provide a broad range of print, digital and strategy services. Our parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, has in-house graphic designers, photographers, writers, pressmen and technicians that create cool stuff, from print pieces and websites, to signs and graphics. Want your business or organization to be seen in a fresh and exciting way — without busting your budget? We can help. Visit our website at www.tbpublishing.com ArticlesArticles Select Category A Student’s View Anniversaries Babies Birthdays Blast from the Past Book Reviews Breaking News Bulletin Board Children’s Justice Center Christmas Writing Clerk’s Corner Community News Critter Chatter Editor’s Notebook Editorials Family Ties Featured News Financial Focus From the Heart From the Sidelines Front-Page Flashback Garden Spot Hand in Hand with Elayne Homefront Hometown Honors, Awards & Graduations Horse Whisperer In Good Health Letters to the Editor Make One Great Dish Matters of Faith MIlitary Missionaries Moments in Time Monday’s Warm Cocoa Movie Reviews Museum Memories Notes of Appreciation Obits Op-Eds Our Picks Out & About Outdoor Adventure Over the Fence Photo Gallery Photos of the Month Pioneer Prose Poetry School News Short Stories Sports Sports Wrap Strange But True Tech Guru Tell Me a Story The Chopping Block The Hamilton Papers Weddings Archives Archives Select Month January 2017  (208) December 2016  (226) November 2016  (231) October 2016  (238) September 2016  (248) August 2016  (257) July 2016  (230) June 2016  (256) May 2016  (247) April 2016  (228) March 2016  (270) February 2016  (222) January 2016  (214) December 2015  (250) November 2015  (207) October 2015  (259) September 2015  (251) August 2015  (259) July 2015  (260) June 2015  (257) May 2015  (240) April 2015  (268) March 2015  (276) February 2015  (229) January 2015  (241) December 2014  (304) November 2014  (241) October 2014  (289) September 2014  (294) August 2014  (252) July 2014  (316) June 2014  (282) May 2014  (292) April 2014  (292) March 2014  (272) February 2014  (259) January 2014  (272) December 2013  (258) November 2013  (253) October 2013  (323) September 2013  (246) August 2013  (298) July 2013  (293) June 2013  (265) May 2013  (316) April 2013  (318) March 2013  (287) February 2013  (259) January 2013  (306) December 2012  (285) November 2012  (276) October 2012  (294) September 2012  (89) August 2012  (37) July 2012  (37) June 2012  (18) May 2012  (19) April 2012  (246) March 2012  (300) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (13) December 2011  (29) November 2011  (15) October 2011  (9) September 2011  (11) August 2011  (13) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (17) May 2011  (12) April 2011  (8) March 2011  (11) February 2011  (12) January 2011  (13) December 2010  (9) November 2010  (10) October 2010  (12) September 2010  (11) August 2010  (12) July 2010  (9) June 2010  (10) May 2010  (9) April 2010  (9) March 2010  (6) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (6) December 2009  (9) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (8) September 2009  (71) August 2009  (7) July 2009  (8) June 2009  (3) May 2009  (6) April 2009  (1) March 2009  (2) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (3) December 2008  (4) November 2008  (4) October 2008  (7) September 2008  (3) August 2008  (4) July 2008  (6) June 2008  (4) May 2008  (4) April 2008  (7) March 2008  (5) February 2008  (5) January 2008  (4) December 2007  (5) November 2007  (4) October 2007  (2) September 2007  (6) August 2007  (1) May 2005  (276) April 2005  (310) March 2005  (323) February 2005  (101) Designed, constructed and managed by Transcript Bulletin Publishing, Tooele, UT ©
Samstag, 28. Januar | 02:42 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 21:42 | 17.01.2017 Sam’s Club to Host Grand Opening Celebration Thursday in Conway Sam’s Club will open its first location in Conway on Thursday, Jan. 19. Doors open at 1250 S. Amity Road following an 8 a.m. grand opening ceremony. “We are thrilled to be part of the Conway business community and look forward to serving our members throughout Central Arkansas,” said Club Manager Michelle Austin. “Conway is a thriving community, and we’re proud to grow right along with it.” The club will employ approximately 175 associates and offer a full pharmacy, optical and hearing aid centers, fresh departments including meat, dairy and produce, and fresh sushi made in-club daily. New club innovationsShopping at Sam’s Club has never been more convenient. Members of the Conway club can utilize the company’s new shopping app, Scan & Go, for a lines-free shopping experience. The mobile app works by scanning UPC codes on merchandise as shoppers load them into their cart. When the shopping is done, members can pay directly on their smartphone from anywhere in the club and bypass the checkout line completely. The Conway club will also offer free Club Pickup, which allows members to order household or business items at SamsClub.com and pick them up under the drive-thru canopy. Commitment to communityAs part of the grand opening festivities, Sam’s Club will be awarding $25,000 in grants to several local nonprofits for the work they are doing to make the community a better place to live and work. Statewide in the last fiscal year, Sam’s Club and Walmart provided over $74 million in cash and in-kind donations to nonprofit organizations in the state of Arkansas. These donations represent community grants, food donations and associate volunteer efforts from stores, clubs and the Walmart Foundation. Sam’s Club is also proud to support small business owners through the company’s Road Show program. This consignment-based program provides local, regional and national entrepreneurs the chance to set up shop inside Sam’s Club while providing members access to exciting and one of a kind products. Conway’s grand opening will feature Road Show items such as Woody’s BBQ sauce, Chef Shamy Gourmet Butters, Vitamix Blenders, We’re Nuts and Monster Moto Electric. Entrepreneurs interested in participating in future Road Shows should contact their local Sam’s Club manager for more details. Grand opening ceremony to feature local officials, special eventsConway Mayor Bart Castleberry and members of the Conway Area Chamber of Commerce will be among those attending Thursday’s ceremony. The Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 2259 Honor Guard will present the colors and associate James Giles will be singing the national anthem. To add to the excitement, sports fans will have the opportunity to meet former Arkansas Razorback and Dallas Cowboys running back Felix Jones during the event. Jones will be signing autographs at the new club on opening day from 2-4 p.m. Sam’s Club will also showcase a variety of food samples and product demonstrations throughout grand opening weekend. Membership informationA Sam’s Club membership is an investment that more than pays for itself. Whether buying for a household or a business, a Sam’s Club member can access exclusive savings on merchandise and outstanding benefits. Memberships range from $45 to $100. Sam’s Club Savings and Business memberships are $45 per year and include Instant Savings which are limited-time promotional discounts that are electronically loaded on a member’s card and automatically applied at the time of purchase of the item. A Sam’s Club Plus membership costs $100 per year and includes early shopping hours and Cash Back Rewards, meaning Plus members earn $10 in Cash Rewards for every $500 they spend in qualifying pre-tax purchases. As part of a pre-grand opening membership promotion, residents can get up to a $30 gift card when they sign up as a new member. New business members can sign up for a Plus membership valued at $100 for only $45. About Sam’s ClubSam’s Club®, a division of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT), is a leading membership warehouse club offering superior products, savings and services to millions of members in 655 clubs in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. To learn more about Sam’s Club, visit the Sam’s Club Newsroom, shop at SamsClub.com, and interact with Sam’s Club on Twitter and Facebook. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170117006468/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:50 Uhr | 27.01.2017 WDH/RATING: Fitch stuft Türkei ... 22:46 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Fitch stuft Türkei auf ... 22:31 Uhr | 27.01.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Alphabet nach ... 22:30 Uhr | 27.01.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:19 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Trump touts new Wal-Mart, GM and Bayer-Monsanto investments AFPJanuary 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos President-elect Donald Trump will place a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery at 3:30 pm (2030 GMT) and then will cross the Potomac to speak at the Lincoln Memorial, the epicenter of the inaugural festivities (AFP Photo/Drew Angerer)More Washington (AFP) - President-elect Donald Trump Tuesday trumpeted a trio of major company announcements pledging additional investments in the United States as proof his America-first stance on the economy is already producing results. Wal-Mart Stores, General Motors as well as Bayer and Monsanto, which are in the process of merging, unveiled plans for job creations, new stores, research and assembly plants. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump tweeted in response. Since November, the incoming president has used the bully pulpit of his impending presidency to attack major companies, accusing defense contractors of overcharging for planes and threatening manufacturers with stiff import duties if they sell foreign-made goods on the US market. In succession, business leaders appear to have answered Trump's call, pledging new US investments and domestic job creation. - Wal-Mart Stores - The mega retailer announced Tuesday it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States -- opening, expanding or relocating 59 Walmart and Sam's Club locations and creating 10,000 jobs in stores and online sales. The company also pledged to spend $250 billion on products made, grown, assembled or sourced in the United States. Shares in the company were up 2.3 percent toward 1900 GMT. - General Motors - The US auto giant said it would invest an additional $1 billion inside the United States on top of $2.6 billion already announced last year and would create 5,000 jobs in the coming years. The announced move included 1,500 "retained" positions tied to investments in new vehicle and advanced technologies as well as 450 jobs returned from Mexico. GM's statement came a week after a business-as-usual message from GM CEO Mary Barra, who told reporters at the Detroit Auto Show that the company would press ahead with plans to manufacture the latest version of its GMC Terrain SUV in Mexico. Trump this month singled out GM for criticism on Twitter, threatening the company with import duties for selling a Mexican-made version of the Chevrolet Cruze on the US market. About two percent of all Cruze cars sold in the US are Mexican-made, according to GM. The company's share price had risen 0.2 percent in New York toward 1900 GMT. - Bayer-Monsanto - The German chemicals and pharmaceutical giant Bayer and the US agribusiness firm Monsanto, which Bayer is in the process of acquiring, announced about $8 billion in investment in agricultural research in the United States. The announcement followed last week's meeting between Trump, Bayer CEO Werner Baumann and Monsanto chief Hugh Grant, which a Bayer spokesman described as "productive." A Trump spokesman said the investments were coming "because the president-elect's focus on creating better business climate here in the United States, which has already increased consumer and small-business confidence since the election." The companies, however, did not confirm Trump's statement that they would create at least 3,000 "new US high-tech jobs" or that they would commit to retaining the company's "9,000 plus US workforce." In New York, Monsanto's shares had gained 0.5 percent by 1900 GMT. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Jerry Seinfeld Slammed for ‘Black’s Life Matters’ Tweet 5072 messages7%62%31% How Older Women Tighten Skin BrilliantBlushCollectionSponsored March for Life Draws Huge Crowds in Washington 7 messages John Hurt, Oscar-Nominated Star of 'The Elephant Man,' Chest-Burst Victim in 'Alien,' Dies at 77 184 messages #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1024 messages5%57%38% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored British PM Theresa May Visits the White House 8 messages John Hurt, Oscar-Nominated Star of 'The Elephant Man,' Dies at 77 (Report) 60 messages Kellyanne Conway Throws Shade at Women Who Wear Black Stretch Pants 6903 messages7%60%33% New Trump Coin Breaks Every Sales Record DonaldCoins.comSponsored Police Are Warning Against This Scary New Phone Scam 39 messages0%100%0% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 961 messages9%17%74% Trump Speaks to Mexico's President About the Border Wall 4 messages Unlimited Data, Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Trump vows 'new vetting' to weed out Islamic radicals 2094 messages7%70%23% Op-Ed: Why the outrage over Trump’s potential 20% border tax is ridiculous 1463 messages4%72%24% FBI probes threat to 'blow up' Denver-area refugee center Saint Preferred: But wait, Madonna says its okay to blow up the White House...oh, that's different, right? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 73 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Orlando Massacre Nightclub gunman took wife to Walmart, bought bullets the night before shooting, source reveals By Mike Arroyo, Malia Zimmerman Published January 17, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   Noor Salman, the wife of the Orlando nightclub gunman Omar Mateen, shopped with her husband at a Walmart the night before the massacre where he bought five containers of ammunition, a source close to the investigation told FoxNews.com on Tuesday, shining new light on what the widow may have known. FLORIDA AIRPORT SHOOTING SUSPECT SAID HE DID IT FOR ISIS, OFFICIALS REVEAL Salman failed four lie detector tests and was subjected to IQ and other psychological tests to determine her intelligence and state of mind before prosecutors filed federal charges against her, the source said.  Expand / Contract Noor Salman in court Tuesday. (Sketch artist Vicki Behringer) A federal indictment unsealed Tuesday charged her with aiding and abetting her husband's support of the Islamic State, as well as obstruction of justice. The charges could put her behind bars for life if a court convicts her. The FBI arrested her Monday at her house in Rodeo, Calif. ISTANBUL NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING SUSPECT TRAINED IN AFGHANISTAN, OFFICIAL SAYS Her social media posts will be used against her to demonstrate her support for ISIS, the source added. Salman appeared nervous and spoke softly as she faced a judge in Oakland Tuesday. "She knew he was going to conduct the attack," federal prosecutor Roger Handberg told the judge. The hearing was continued to Wednesday morning. Mateen died in a shootout with police after he killed 49 people and wounded 53 others at the Pulse Nightclub in June 2016. In the weeks and months after the massacre, Salman insisted she had no idea what her violent and unpredictable husband had planned. The gunman also rented a van the night of the attack, a congressional source told FoxNews.com. As many as six people could be charged in this case for material support of ISIS, a source familiar with the grand jury told Fox News. The indictment against Salman gave some context to the charges. Prosecutors claimed she deliberately helped her husband give "material support or resources" to ISIS, and purposely misled police and the FBI in the hours after the massacre. The grand jury investigating the shooting closed two weeks ago, about six months after it convened. However, investigators waited to arrest Salman until Monday because they sought to question her friend, a Pakistani national, who left the U.S. right after the nightclub attack. The source said Salman’s friend was detained at San Francisco's airport on Monday morning, just before Salman was arrested.  Salman drove her husband to the nightclub at least once before the attack, a law enforcement source told Fox News. The couple also texted each other during the massacre, investigators said. Mateen reportedly asked his wife, "Do you see what's happening?" She was said to have replied, "No?", as Mateen responded, "I love you, babe." "Noor has told her story of abuse at his hands," her attorney Linda Moreno said. "We believe it is misguided and wrong to prosecute her and that it dishonors the memories of the victims to punish an innocent person." Mateen pledged his support for ISIS during a three-hour standoff after he opened fire. Salman told The New York Times in November she knew her husband watched jihadi videos online but was "unaware of everything" about his plot to shoot up the club. Salman met Mateen online and the two married in 2011. Salman has a 4-year-old son who is partly named for Mateen; she filed a petition to change the boy's name last month. Fox News' Claudia Cowan and Mike Lundin in Oakland, Matt Dean and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Malia Zimmerman is an award-winning investigative reporter focusing on crime, homeland security, illegal immigration crime, terrorism and political corruption. Follow her on twitter at @MaliaMZimmerman Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple This might be your last chance to preorder a Nintendo Switch Jacob Siegal BGR NewsJanuary 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Somewhat unsurprisingly, Nintendo Switch preorders dried up within days of the live presentation in Japan on January 12th. The upcoming console is unavailable at Amazon, Best Buy, Target and even GameStop, but if you’re desperate to get one on launch day, there’s still one retailer you might want to visit. Don't Miss: All the ways Nintendo screwed up the Switch reveal (and how to fix them) In an email sent to BGR on Tuesday, a spokesperson for Nintendo alerted us that it is still possible to preorder the Switch in-store at Walmart. In order to reserve a console for launch day, you’ll need to visit the Pickup desk at you local Walmart and put down 10% up front (which should amount to ~$30). Providing the Walmart you visit will let you preorder a Switch, you should be guaranteed to receive one on March 3rd — the day the console hits store shelves. Before you start running around town to place preorders though, it might not be a bad idea to call ahead and make sure that the store is still taking reservations. Hopefully, as the launch date approaches, Nintendo will continue to update stock at various retailers around the country and around the world. GameStop said in a press release that its “initial allotment” of Switch consoles has been reserved, but that it is “working closely with Nintendo to get additional Nintendo Switch units.” Presumably, it’s not the only retailer pushing Nintendo to provide more units. In addition to the console, the Joy-Con Charging Grip is also beginning to sell out, as Nintendo revealed over the weekend that the Grip included in the box won’t actually charge the controllers. Trending right now: An insidious new Gmail phishing attack is tricking even the most careful of users Google finally explained one of the most aggravating problems plaguing Pixel phones This is why the LG G6 won’t explode like the Galaxy Note 7 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News The Best Way To Find Out If They Are Unfaithful TruthFinderSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News 'Bad Lip Reading' video of inauguration is so bad, it's great CNET Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks Wal-Mart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Posted 17 Jan 2017 20:00 Updated 18 Jan 2017 06:40 FILE PHOTO - Job postings are shown outside a new Walmart Super Center as the company opens its first store in Compton, California, U.S. on January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Wal-Mart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced US$1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions.. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to US$3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a US$6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional US$1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement “continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement” between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Brazil's Fabiana Milazzo Plans U.S. Debut With Melrose Place Store Andy & Evan Use Instagram to Draw Shoppers Jennifer Lopez, Giuseppe Zanotti Celebrate Shoe Launch at Neiman Marcus Oscar de la Renta, U.S. Postal Service to Host Stamp Ceremony Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Krizia Taps Simona Clemenza as New CEO Trump Meets British PM in Oval Office, Talks to Mexican President Macy's Celebrates Mayor's Office of Media and Entertainment Struggling Sears Hits New Low Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Benefit Cosmetics’ Brow Translator Interprets Emotions Eyebrows Convey WWD Digital Beauty Forum Draws Tyra Banks, Huda Kattan Kristofer Buckle Has Auspicious Start on QVC MailChimp Jumps on the K-beauty Bandwagon Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Jacket Required Hosts Tradeshow in East London Varvatos to Dress Hockey Greats for NHL All-Star Weekend Saint Laurent Ad Campaign Lifts Veil on Fall Men's Collection Matchless London, Schwarzenegger Create Limited-Edition Men's Collection Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Galia Lahav Couture Spring 2017 Drome Pre-Fall 2017 Hyun Mi Nielsen Couture Spring 2017 Each x Other Pre-Fall 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Versace Celebrates the Chinese New Year With Special Bag Rebel Designs Discusses the Importance of Local Production State Bags on Its Philanthropic Efforts Francesca Amfitheatrof’s Swan Song for Tiffany Blue Book Collection Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Carolina Herrera, Sylvester Stallone, Camilla Belle Attend 6th Annual PSLA Winter Gala Meet Rola: From the Gucci Front Row to 'Resident Evil' Stefania LaVie Owen Makes Her Playhouse Debut With 'Yen' Stars Send Off Paris Couture Week at Sidaction Gala Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Eye Fendi Unveils Contemporary Art Exhibit in Rome The exhibit of Giuseppe Penone's works runs Jan. 27 to July 16 at Fendi's headquarters and is open to the public. clock January 26, 2017 • Luisa Zargani Business Luxury Warning Signs: Arnault Sees Risks Ahead The luxury titan warned that conditions could worsen rapidly in the second half of the year. clock January 26, 2017 • Joelle Diderich Business President Trump Calls for Bilateral Trade Deals President Trump told Republican lawmakers he plans to negotiate bilateral trade deals but will press for a 30-day termination notification. clock January 26, 2017 • Kristi Ellis Business Retail Wal-Mart Pivots, Says It Will Create 10,000 Retail Jobs After announced job eliminations, the retailer says it's hiring again. By Sharon Edelson on January 17, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Wal-Mart Stores Inc. on Tuesday made a surprise announcement: it will create 34,000 jobs this year in the U.S. The retailer said 10,000 jobs will be created as a result of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club units, as well as e-commerce. The bulk of the jobs — 24,000 — will be generated by the construction of the stores and the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. units. The news came as the National Retail Federation’s Big Show was winding down at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York, where the industry’s obsession with jobs was impossible to miss. The holiday season left some of the largest brick-and-mortar retailers badly bruised with store closings and massive layoffs planned. Macy’s said it will cut 10,000 jobs, The Limited shuttered all of its stores, Wet Seal is said to be mulling another bankruptcy and Sears and Kmart are locked in a downward spiral. Wal-Mart last year closed 269 stores, eliminating 10,000 jobs, and in September, the retailer said it would eliminate 7,000 positions in the U.S. Just last week there were reports that the world’s largest retailer would clip 1,000 jobs at its Bentonville, Ark. headquarters. The retailer, with 1.5 million associates in the U.S., said it will support about 34,000 jobs through continued expansion and improvement in the company’s store network and e-commerce, while providing specialty training for more than 225,000 frontline associates. Wal-Mart said that by July, it will open 160 training academies around the country, bringing the number to 200. The network of facilities provide training for frontline hourly supervisors and assistant store managers in the fundamentals of retail, leadership skills and specifics on running individual departments. The retailer said the goal of the training is to help associates succeed in their careers and meet the changing needs of customers. Making Change at Wal-Mart, a campaign run by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, is critical of the company’s employment practices. “Today Wal-Mart may be announcing more jobs and more employee training, but tomorrow it could close more stores or slash more back-office jobs,” the organization said. “The income of a full-time Wal-Mart employee working 34 hours per week and making $9 an hour — the starting rate for new hourly employees until they complete Wal-Mart’s training program — would qualify for multiple public assistance programs in most states.” Wal-Mart Stores Inc. president and chief executive officer Doug McMillon at the retailer’s Annual Meeting for the Analyst Community in October admitted that physical retail was not a growth industry, saying, “We’re going to focus in the U.S. on accelerating e-commerce growth, including Marketplace.” Wal-Mart has been rushing to bolster its digital and e-commerce business in the face of Amazon’s assault on its business, especially in the grocery area. Amazon last week announced it will hire 100,000 employees by 2018. The company in August acquired Jet.com for $3 billion and this month bought Shoebuy, which sells contemporary apparel and footwear brands. Wal-Mart is also aggressively growing walmart.com and Marketplace, whose sku count grew to 24 million last year. The Marketplace now sells everything from $3 private-label T-shirts to $1,399.99 Dolce & Gabbana cocktail dresses. The retailer on Tuesday said its 2013 commitment to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products by 2033, will create an estimated one million jobs and highlighted products such as California Innovations’ Ozark Trail supercooler, whose production will be moved from China to Atlanta, creating 250 jobs; Edgewell Personal Care, bringing production from Canada to Dover, Del., creating 272 jobs, and Renfro Corp., creating 442 jobs through a deal to produce athletic socks in Fort Payne, Ala. Also on Tuesday, the Wal-Mart Foundation, in conjunction with the U.S. Conference of Mayors, announced the third and final round of grants through the U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund to advance sustainability and innovation in textile manufacturing, which has proven to be one of the most challenging industries to reshore to the U.S. The fund has awarded $10 million in grants since 2014. Recipients announced Tuesday include, Washington State University, to establish a sustainable process to recycle cotton waste by fiber regeneration using a wet spinning technique; North Carolina State University, to create a universal and sustainable commercial textile dyeing method that doesn’t use salt or alkali or produce effluent, and produces more than 95 percent savings of both energy and water; Clemson University, for development of sustainable polyester fibers that achieve a high level of water and oil repellency; Oregon State University, to develop a sustainable, cost-effective dyeing and printing of smart fabrics process; Texas Tech University, to support research on textile manufacturing, dyeing efficiency and specialty finishes, and University of Massachusetts at Lowell, to develop magnetic dyeing technology to address the technical and environmental issues of dyeing techniques. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. amazon Macy's NRF Sears Wal-Mart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Beauty Makeup Artistry’s Landscape Keeps Shifting clock 22h • Jennifer Weil Latest Galleries For Lili Reinhart, Betty Cooper Was the One That Stuck Galia Lahav Couture Spring 2017 They Are Wearing: Paris Fashion Week Haute Couture Spring 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Thom Browne closed out Paris Fashion Week Men's with a tribute to tailoring. Who's ready for Haute Couture? #wwdfashion (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd Maria Grazia Chiuri just made her couture debut for Dior. See the every look from the collection on WWD.com. #wwdfashion @wwd Balmain was all about the accessories. #wwdfashion (📷: @delphineachard) @wwd Sitting pretty at the Balmain Homme men's show in Paris. (📷: Laurent Benhamou) @wwd Sitting pretty at the Balmain Homme men's show in Paris. (📷: Laurent Benhamou) @wwd Spotted: David Beckham at Louis Vuitton's men's show in Paris. 🔁: @thealexbadia @wwd Louis Vuitton just unveiled its collaboration with cult skatewear brand Supreme. See all the looks from the collection on WWD.com. #wwdfashion (📷: @giovanni_giannoni_photo) @wwd Priyanka Chopra takes a spin in a peach Sally LaPointe look at the #pcas2017. Check out our Insta Stories for live coverage from the show. @wwd Demna Gvasalia makes a political statement on the #pfw runway. (📷: @giovanni_giannoni_photo) @wwd Beauty is a birthright. #pfw #wwdfashion (📷: Thibault Camus) More From Our Brands Footwear News How to Get the Week’s Best Sneaker Releases 2h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Beauty Summit 2d Ago Variety Free Screenings of ‘Hidden Figures’ Go Wide: From L.A. to Australia 5h Ago BGR This little power meter could save your computer from shoddy USB-C accessories 4h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
BUSINESS Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs this year Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 jobs Wal-Mart is offering more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its academies and construction jobs for remodels. (Jan. 17, 2017) Wal-Mart is offering more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its academies and construction jobs for remodels. (Jan. 17, 2017) Associated Press Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. this year as it opens new stores and expands existing locations, including in California. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded or relocated Wal-Mart stores and Sam's Club outlets as well as from e-commerce services that were previously announced, the company said. Wal-Mart will open several new stores in California this year, including one in Compton this month, spokesman Scott Markley said. He said the company also is planning to remodel more than 30 of its 300 stores in the state, although the schedule has not been finalized. Nationally, Wal-Mart is opening fewer new stores this year than last, but it is still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, company spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will take office Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration,” in part wanting a better corporate tax landscape, said Ken Perkins, president of the research firm Retail Metrics. General Motors Co. announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. Read more: GM announces $1-billion investment in its U.S. factories and thousands of new jobs » And Amazon.com Inc. announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to previously announced plans to build more warehouses and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown to more than 180,000 by the end of last year from 30,000 in 2011. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked Wal-Mart and General Motors on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction jobs would not have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete more effectively with Amazon. It announced early last year that it would close 154 U.S. stores, and last summer it eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy's, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated that it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed to an additional $250 billion in American sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Ark.-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third quarter and its profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Times staff writer Jim Puzzanghera contributed to this report.  ALSO American Apparel starts mass layoffs How to fight back when an insurer denies your healthcare claim After years of record profits, airlines face turbulence in 2017. Could higher airfares follow? UPDATES: 1:25 p.m.: This article was updated with information about General Motors’ announcement and President-elect Donald Trump’s reaction. This article was originally published at 9:20 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Donald Trump Trump signs order to temporarily shut nation's door to most refugees and start 'extreme vetting' Double killing at Chinese social club rattles Chinatown Epic rains and snow help the 'inland sea' of Sacramento roar back to life Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 58°
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Palette Magazine January 17, 2017 11:24 AM Meet Key West anomaly Richard Quint Photo by Andrew Printer Photo by Andrew Printer 1 of 2 i By Andrew Printer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Key West. It’s the southernmost city in the continental United States. It’s closer to Cuba than it is to the nearest Wal-Mart and It’s the end of the road for all sorts of eccentric characters and inveterate wanderers. It isn’t too much of a stretch to say that Richard Quint is one of them. Quint, 31, has lived here for around seven years. Like many in the service industry he works several jobs. He helps manage a popular café, choreographs music and lighting twice a week at the 801 Cabaret and, most conspicuously, is the effervescent host of the naked pool parties at Island House Gay Men’s Resort. Quint is just one of thousands of locals who cater to the vacationing public, part of the wallpaper of waitresses and bartenders and hotel clerks toiling away against a backdrop of turquoise water and poinciana trees. Every one of them surely has an interesting story, but Quint distinguishes himself from the crowd. Where others worry and moan about the humidity or the traffic he seems to always be happy. He is of mixed race, so his warm brown complexion often sets him apart from the pink and orange-tan torsos lounging by the pool. He skateboards everywhere, weaving left and right, often while scrutinizing a dog-eared book. Look closely and the text is likely to be something surprising for a sunny place like Key West: Friedrich Nietzsche’s Thus Spoke Zarathustra, the Book of Job, Martin Heidegger’s works on language or the lectures of Gilles Deleuze. Key West is chock full of characters like this: retired people, immigrants, millionaires, gay men, literary women. There’s something about this small dot of land at Mile Marker 0 that suits some people perfectly. Quint clearly fits. “I was born in Manhattan but grew up on a horse farm in northwest Indiana,” he reveals. He speaks in a noticeably formal manner. I tell him that his delivery reminds me of William Buckley. Thankfully Quint isn’t appalled. “I speak this way because I read out loud,” he explains. “Words are extremely important to me, so I say them. Over time I’ve come to speak in a certain way all the time, I suppose.” I learn that Quint’s African-American mother died in a car crash when he was four. That’s when he and his two siblings went to live with his father’s family in Indiana, where his paternal grandmother raised them. My grandmother taught me one thing that has been of supreme importance: the act of questioning is a kind of power."   “My grandmother is the cornerstone of my life,” he says. “Everything I am today is because of her.” He unpacks this a little, tells me that she comfortably described their surroundings as “redneck.” She understood they were dark-skinned children living in a racist society, and she was clearly going to guide them through it. Quint recounts a pivotal moment in her childhood. At age 12, his grandmother — who had been happily living alongside suburban Chicago’s African-American community — questioned an elder of the church as to why all the figures in Christianity were white. The elder replied that the blacks were in the cages on Noah’s Ark with the rest of the beasts. Upon hearing this she abandoned her religion. Quint went on to take a similar stance against Christianity, too — a position he says has softened over the years. “Ultimately, and essentially,” Quint concludes, “my grandmother taught me one thing that has been of supreme importance: The act of questioning is a kind of power.” Quint, who is thoroughly in his element asking questions and probing assumptions, could discuss the subject for hours and would, if it weren’t for a boss who gently reminds him that he has a tray of Jello shots to serve. He promptly leaps out of the pool and strides to the bar, fit, handsome, leaner by the month (no meat and now no dairy) and absolutely comfortable moving through the world without clothing. Quint’s grandmother is also responsible for introducing him to Key West. “She would drive us down from Lake Hill Downs — our horse farm in northwest Indiana — to another family farm in Ocala, Florida,” he explains. “She has an adventurous spirit and was usually compelled to take the road all the way to the end.” His first visit was when he was just 7 or 8, he says, but it wasn’t until New Year’s Eve when he was 13 that the town made an impression on him. “The town’s gay energy struck me,” he says. “We were on Duval, and I saw and understood my attraction to men’s bodies.” The experience remained tucked away in a memory bank until Quint was in his 20s. In between, he went to the University of Indianapolis, graduating cum laude with a degree in philosophy. After graduating he wanted to travel. First he went to Hawaii and then spent time “vagabonding” — his word, not mine — through the West, jumping trains, invoking Jack Karouac’s quintessential road trip. His road brought him to Key West in 2010. “I enjoy the intimacy [in Key West],” he says. “I like the close-knit sense of family, the community. I love it. But I don’t think I will be here forever.” Quint’s grandmother is 79, and her devoted grandson is confident he will return to his family soon. The long delayed decision to attend graduate school looms closer, too. We agree that students of philosophy don’t really need a diploma, but Quint wants to teach inner city children, the incarcerated and homeless. For that he needs school. Despite the slippery boundaries ever-present in a party town, Quint maintains a remarkably disciplined work ethic. He insists on writing, mostly poetic verse but also essays, for several hours each day. “I must make time for everything,” he explains. “Human interaction is vital, but I can’t devote myself entirely to social activities.” I’ve grown to know Quint over the past three years, watching him at work and sharing numerous long conversations. He treats everyone with the same bright, openness. I rarely see him angry or down. We are in a bar for a final meeting, a gaudy place with a burlesque vibe. Peppered across the room are a handful of afternoon drinkers. Outside, the street is hot and bright. I ask Quint about his seemingly constant, undisturbed happiness. His face becomes neutral. “I’ve come to live in a place of immense joy,” he says. What’s surprising is that he doesn’t struggle to find the answer. It’s right there. He adds, “All my other feelings and emotions are simply nudging the supremacy of joy into place.” There are 25,000 stories in Key West. This is just one of them. Photo by Andrew Printer i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Palette Magazine Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:05 Haitian earthquake memorial service Pause 1:55 Former Haiti coup leader Guy Philippe boards plane to Miami escorted by U.S. federal agents 1:36 Haitians pick a president 2:30 The tragedy of the latest Haitian migration trend 1:01 Haiti's Jan. 12, 2010 earthquake remembered 2:33 Aerial footage of the devastation in Jeremie, Haiti after Hurricane Matthew 4:03 How one woman is bringing hygiene to Haiti 2:20 Scoop FM host Pierre-Paul discussing the arrest of former coup leader 0:46 Protesters of all ages, races, faiths decry President Trump 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email an hour ago Haiti's President-elect Jovenel Moise talks about his love for Les Cayes 2:04 an hour ago Haiti's President-elect Jovenel Moise talks about his love for Les Cayes 1:31 44 minutes ago New bodycam shows Miami-Dade police officers at Martin Luther King Day shooting 0:51 an hour ago Colombia retires bomb-sniffing dog with full honors View more video Palette Magazine Puerto Rico's gay and hipster haven Three local South Beach Wine & Food Fest chefs share their recipes Meet Key West anomaly Richard Quint Chef Sean Brasel levels up seared scallops Running groups and events for South Florida runners Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Discover: Subscribe More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe About Us Contact Subscribe Store Digital Edition Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Pet-food shoppers seek human-food attributes Jan 25, 2017 Clontz to succeed Fey as Kroger Mid-Atlantic president Jan 24, 2017 Vendors skeptical as Walmart changes sourcing roles Jan 24, 2017 Albertsons appoints Iyengar as digital marketing SVP Jan 24, 2017 Top 75: 7 to Watch in 2017 Jan 24, 2017 Featured Albertsons calls off Price Chopper pursuit, sources say Jan 25, 2017 NAMI mobile app offers guide for meat shoppers Jan 25, 2017 Kroger joins list of companies adding jobs Jan 23, 2017 Gallery: Dorothy Lane chefs use the freshest ingredients Jan 23, 2017 Joe Raedle/Staff/Getty Images News Top Retailers>Walmart Walmart plans fivefold increase in training facilities Initiative highlights role as job creator Jon Springer | Jan 17, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores on Tuesday said it would open 160 new training academies by this summer, with a goal of providing training for nearly a quarter-million of its workers in the coming fiscal year. Training academies are regional facilities where Walmart’s hourly workers receive up to six weeks of training in retail fundamentals, leadership skills and the specifics of how to run individual store departments. That is supporting improved service in stores and career development for wo Register to view the full article test - Advanced Registered User Become a member for free Already a member? Log in. TAGS: Retail & Financial Store Design & Construction 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Rollin’ Grocer visits underserved communitiesJan 05, 2017 Disruptors 2016: Betsy Babcock, Handsome Brook FarmDec 06, 2016 Gallery: Loblaw’s 5 food trends for 2017Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Food wasteDec 06, 2016 Load More About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks Wal-Mart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Posted 17 Jan 2017 20:00 Updated 18 Jan 2017 06:40 FILE PHOTO - Job postings are shown outside a new Walmart Super Center as the company opens its first store in Compton, California, U.S. on January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Wal-Mart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced US$1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions.. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to US$3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a US$6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional US$1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement “continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement” between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SCIENCE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Film 1 day ago Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Maps 1 day ago What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? Doomsday Clock 2 days ago New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer Gaming 1 day ago New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield Privacy 1 day ago Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Features 1 day ago AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 Podcast 1 day ago Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Quantum Computers 1 day ago Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Cells 1 day ago 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber Insects 1 day ago Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Pokemon 1 day ago Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk 1 day ago Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android 1 day ago Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Gaming 1 day ago Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi 1 day ago Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Toys 2 days ago Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk 2 days ago Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Gaming 2 days ago Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcast 12 Jan 2017 How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Marvel teases its first plot points for the Black Panther movie Film 1 day ago Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Listen to the beautiful diversity of voices around the world on this interactive map Maps 1 day ago What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? What is the Doomsday Clock and why does it matter? Doomsday Clock 2 days ago New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer New enemies rise in latest Mass Effect: Andromeda trailer Gaming 1 day ago New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield New presidential order could wreck US-EU Privacy Shield Privacy 1 day ago Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Started from the bottom now he's here: how Drake became a generation's music tastemaker Features 1 day ago AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 AI doctors, cancer scare stories: Podcast 302 Podcast 1 day ago Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Got a spare $15 million? Why not buy your very own D-Wave quantum computer Quantum Computers 1 day ago Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Cells 1 day ago 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber Insects 1 day ago Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Missingno's revenge: trading the infamous glitch Pokémon to Sun and Moon can break the game Pokemon 1 day ago Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk says attacking Donald Trump 'will achieve nothing' Elon Musk 1 day ago Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android VPN app developers are using malware to track your data Android 1 day ago Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Ghost Recon Wildlands can't shake its Far Cry fixation Gaming 1 day ago Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Google plans to bring AI tools to the Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi 1 day ago Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Amazon launches $20-a-month STEM toy subscription service Toys 2 days ago Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk's 'exciting' tunnel boring machine is about to start digging Elon Musk 2 days ago Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Here are the Nintendo Switch games you'll be playing from launch Gaming 2 days ago Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcast 12 Jan 2017 How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 Science Your heartbeat could be making you racist A study has found people were more likely to mistake a mobile phone for a gun when it was associated with a photo of a black person and shown during a heartbeat By Liat Clark 17 Jan 2017 November 24, 2014: Protesters march through the streets of New York after learning police officer Darren Wilson, who fatally shot teenager Michael Brown on August 9, would not be indicted by a grand jury Andrew Burton/Getty Images By Liat Clark Tuesday 17 January 2017 On August 5, 2014, 22-year-old John Crawford was shot and killed by police in a Walmart in Beavercreek, Ohio. He had been holding a BB gun picked up in-store and was chatting on the phone to the mother of his two young children. Three months later on November 22, 12-year-old Tamir Rice was shot in Cleveland, Ohio the stomach and torso and killed by police after reports he had been waving a gun near a recreation centre. Rice had been playing with an airsoft toy gun in a playground. ADVERTISEMENT Four weeks later, 34-year-old Rumain Brisbon was shot and killed by police in Phoenix, Arizona outside an apartment block. Police had allegedly struggled with him and felt what they thought was a gun in his pocket - it was a bottle of pills. Their ages and stories are different, but each victim shares one thing in common - at the moment of their violent and untimely deaths, they were unarmed black men going about their everyday lives in the United States. READ NEXT 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber 100-million-year-old 'E.T.-like' bug found preserved in amber By Amelia Heathman This all took place in 2014, the same year that 18-year-old Michael Brown was fatally shot by police in Ferguson, Missouri, sparking nationwide protests and eventually instigating a series of federal civil rights investigations into law enforcement practices. Nevertheless, the problem appears to still be accelerating. In 2015, 40 per cent of all those unarmed people shot and killed by police were black, despite black men accounting for just six per cent of the US population. Another study suggests black people are twice as likely to be unarmed when killed by police than white people. And the numbers could be far higher. A new Department of Justice system in the US has been recording killings perpetrated by police at twice the rate officially reported in the past by the FBI - it uses data from open-source resources such as The Guardian’s The Counted campaign, and data from local authorities. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' Scientists have created the first human-pig 'chimera' By Matt Burgess "Physiological signals from the body to the brain influence how we perceive the world and in some cases dominate our perceptions to the extent we misperceive what’s in front of us" Manos Tsakiris, professor The problem is confounded by a series of exterior factors - a 13-month US Justice Department investigation of the Chicago police force, published January 13, showed that a “pattern” of excessive force, poor training, and a dearth of community policing contributed to a series of civil rights violations. But police were also found to be exhibiting racial bias - the inquiry was instigated following the fatal shooting of 17-year-old black teenager Laquan McDonald. It’s clear that a prolific racial bias is at play, and needs to be challenged and countered. And a study published today in Nature Communications, might help direct that fight. It shows how our biology can reinforce negative racial biases with deadly consequences. The study found that people were more likely to misidentify a harmless object as a weapon when it was associated with the image of a black man rather than a white man. Significantly, that misidentification was greatest when the image of a black man was displayed at the same time as the viewer’s heartbeat, rather than in between heartbeats. The 32 subjects were ten per cent more likely to mistake a mobile phone for a gun when it was held by a black person during a heartbeat. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 27 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 27 By WIRED The bottom line, say the study's authors - professors of psychology from Royal Holloway London and a neuroscience and psychiatry research fellow from the University of Sussex - is that “activation of race-threat stereotypes synchronised with the cardiovascular cycle”. Fear, based on negative associations of black people and violent crime, made volunteers see weapons when their heartbeats synchronised with the viewing of images. The heartbeat appears to be emphasising those negative biases. It could be extrapolated from the study that a moment of heightened tension - such as a police officer being called to a scene and expecting to see a subject carrying a weapon - will increase heart rate and therefore the chances of mistaking an inanimate object for a serious threat, and ultimately mistakenly perceiving a situation as life-threatening. “We were motivated by the grim stats from the US where black individuals are twice as likely to be shot and killed by police as white,” co-author on the paper, professor Manos Tsakiris, said during a press briefing. “Social psychologists have long tried to study this effect in lab settings to measure bias. But we lacked a good understanding of the precise mechanism that may underlie this phenomenon.” October 12, 2014: Demonstrators protesting the killings of 18-year-olds Michael Brown by a Ferguson, Missouri Police officer and Vonderrit Myers Jr. by an off duty St. Louis police officer are confronted by police wearing riot gear Scott Olson/Getty Images “We focused on a very precise communication channel between the heart and the brain - the most important organs of the body - and tried to tap into this physiological mechanism to see how its function may affect the expression of racist behaviour. We wanted to go beyond attitudes, implicit or explicit, they may hold, and focus on the physiology of the body and the brain’s effects on behaviour. We focussed on how the heart sends signals to the brain, and how this particular mechanism influences our cognition to a large extent. The signals are strong enough to change our perceptions - instead of seeing a neutral object for what it is, a neutral object, people were more likely to misperceive it as a weapon, particularly when seeing a black man holding this neutral object.” READ NEXT WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 26 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 26 By WIRED Volunteers were shown flashes of pictures of black or white people followed by photos of either a gun or a mobile phone, either in between heartbeats or at the same time as one. “This is very important. It highlights in a very precise way this mechanism of the way in which physiological signals from the body to the brain influence how we perceive the world and in some cases dominate our perceptions to the extent we misperceive what’s in front of us.” Co-author Sarah Garfinkel from the University of Sussex has been focusing on these kinds of physiological mechanisms at the lab of professor Hugo Critchley. They looked at how states of bodily arousal “enhance fear and threat processing”. “We have previously shown if you present a fear stimulus exactly when the heart is beating, there is greater fear stimulus in the brain and people judge this fear stimulus as more threatening. While we have known signals from the heart can interact with the brain, never before has anyone applied it to racial stereotypes. This is something that must be further understood and pursued because of devastating consequences in life.” READ NEXT This AI can spot skin cancer as accurately as a doctor This AI can spot skin cancer as accurately as a doctor By Matt Burgess The work carried out by Garfinkel and professor Critchley showed that between heartbeats, there is no such signal sent directly to the brain. “There are also experiments we conducted that indicate those individuals with heightened anxiety have higher interoceptive processes - an embodied mechanism whereby the heart increases stress, anxiety." "We all know that to a large extent social stereotypes are embedded in our culture - but they also become embodied in our physiology" Manos Tsakiris, professor To assess the prevalence of the heartbeat impacting racial stereotypes, the team carried out a separate study focused on athleticism. Instead of flashing images of people holding phones and guns, the team showed subjects photos of fruits and sports paraphernalia, immediately after photos of black or white faces. Presentation was timed in between or at the same time as heartbeats. The heartbeat had no significant impact on the subjects’ racial biases here. This difference is likely explained, again, by the physiological processes at play. Garfinkel explains that every time the heart beats, it activates baroreceptors located near the heart, which serve to sense pressure changes. These send signals to the brain every time they are “pinged”, activating the amygdala - “the part of the brain that deals with fear”. The amygdala is also responsible for forming and storing “associations between somatosensory states and representations of particular stimuli (for example, Black individuals); and mediat[ing] the physiological responses to the associated stimuli,” the Nature Communications paper explains. If interventions are not made, individual's negative racial biases may potentially be confirmed and substantiated by negative portrayals in culture, everyday interactions, or the news, with the amygdala responsible for these biases being repeatedly strengthened. Although the theory has not been tested, “a faster stronger heartbeat, may mean a greater potential to respond to these signals, resulting in more racist stereotype behaviour”. October 13, 2014: Members of the clergy and other demonstrators protest outside the Ferguson police station Scott Olson/Getty Images The research gives important insights into why more and more fatal mistakes are occurring. But the data is also simply reflecting a deep-rooted problem of racism that is clear to many, and has been explicitly stated in the Chicago police report published last week, which warned of civil rights violations. These kinds of reports will be ongoing, a wider part of a push by president Barack Obama to address the nationwide tensions, and the apparently embedded and deadly shortcomings of a nation’s police force. There are fears however, that president-elect Donald Trump will scale back these kinds of civil rights checks and balances, and the resulting court-enforced police reforms that we are seeing the beginnings of in Chicago. While many across the US have been enraged or entirely despairing at the lack of prosecutions against police in light of public video evidence of apparent wrongdoing, Trump’s nominee for Attorney General, Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, has criticised the so-called “war on police” thus: "There is a perception, not altogether unjustified, that this department, the Civil Rights Division, goes beyond fair and balanced treatment but has an agenda that's been a troubling issue for a number of years." ADVERTISEMENT If, however, investigations continue along with the reforms that go with them, the authors behind the Nature Communications paper believe their study can help. Co-author on the study, Ruben Azevedo of Royal Holloway London, said: “An individual may see someone walking down an alley and have the same fear response, but they must control responses and try to downgrade this. We want to strengthen the control processes, the frontal part of the brain. In our culture we do that through education. One of the main aims is to make us more considerate of others, and make us less biased. Neuroscience, brain stimulation techniques, and other cognitive domains help in changing patterns of behaviour. We need people to try to understand embodied mechanisms and what is important.” “People may be able to mitigate and downplay the effect,” adds Garfinkel. “We can train people to be more accurate - if they are more aware of their heart beating they can counteract negative and influential effects that these things have on processing.” “We all know that to a large extent social stereotypes are embedded in our culture - but they also become embodied in our physiology,” says Tsakiris. Science Politics US Police Law Racism Share this article RECOMMENDED Your face could be making you unpopular: 'Cold-looking' people are harshly judged by others Your face could be making you unpopular: 'Cold-looking' people are harshly judged by others By Amelia Heathman Social Interaction 30 Aug 2016 MIT smartphone knows your heartbeat from across the room MIT smartphone knows your heartbeat from across the room By Emily Reynolds Wearables 13 Nov 2015 Feeling down? Your next therapy session could be on Slack Feeling down? Your next therapy session could be on Slack By Rowland Manthorpe Slack 31 May 2016 Laser light headphones pulse to your heartbeat Laser light headphones pulse to your heartbeat By Emiko Jozuka Music 03 Feb 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Toggle navigation About About The Patriot Post Mission Operations Funding Mark Alexander Our Team Patriot Endorsements More About The Patriot Legal Notices Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQs Archives Alexander's Columns Right Analysis Right Hooks Headline Report Right Opinion Memesters Union Cartoons Email Digests Humor Resources Historic Documents Founders' Quote Database Patriot Petitions Reference Pages The American Flag Be Prepared (EPRPC) External Links The Patriot Post Shop The Patriot Foundation Trust The Oath Act Essential Liberty Project Reagan 2020 Subscription What would you like to do? I want to subscribe. I want to change my email address. I want to change what I receive. I want to unsubscribe. Support Us Patriot Shop Current Digest Right Analysis Right Hooks Right Opinion Alexander's Columns Top Headlines Memes Cartoons Subscribe Support Us Patriot Post Shop About The Patriot Post Search Right Hooks Tuesday Top Headlines Patriot Post Staff · Jan. 17, 2017 Tweet Trump Effect: GM plans $1 billion U.S. investment. (Bloomberg) Trump Effect: Walmart touts plan to create 10,000 U.S. jobs. (The Wall Street Journal) Martin Luther King III and Trump have “very constructive” meeting. (The Hill) Alveda King, MLK’s niece: “I voted for Mr. Trump.” (The Washington Times) Why ObamaCare’s “20 million” number is fake. (The Daily Signal) Trump offers Russia end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut. (Reuters) Criminal illegal immigrants sent home after capture at southwest border. (Washington Free Beacon) Wife of Pulse nightclub jihadi Omar Mateen arrested in San Francisco. (ABC News) Monica Crowley bows out of Trump post after plagiarism affirmed. (Washington Examiner) Last man to walk on the moon Eugene Cernan, dies at 82. (Space.com) Policy: Let’s end criminalization without representation. (National Review) Policy: $20 Billion in farm subsidies doesn’t reach the poor, leaves them hungry. (Inside Sources) Tags: illegal immigration ObamaCare jobs GM In Our Sights Tweet ← Previous Post Next Post → Click here to show comments Subscribe Comment Top Headlines Union Membership Hits All-Time Low 2016 GDP Was the Worst Since 2011 Pence's Historic March for Life Address More Headlines Right Opinion Hans von Spakovsky Trump's Immigration Actions Reverse Obama's Open Borders Policy Michael Reagan Mr. Trump, Don't Build That Wall Rich Lowry Revenge of the Nation-State Michael Barone 'America First' Is Not a Threat but a Promise David Limbaugh Pot-Kettle Media Call Trump Insecure Charles Krauthammer Trump's Foreign Policy Revolution Jonah Goldberg Humiliating Mexico Over Border Wall Would Be a Big Mistake David Harsanyi Stop Telling Us How to Be Patriotic Mona Charen Fences and Neighbors Gary Bauer The Left Reacts Erick Erickson Twenty-First Century Slavery Tony Perkins A Dose of Reality on ObamaCare L. Brent Bozell & Tim Graham HBO's Supervillainous 'Young Pope' More Opinion Memesters Union More Memes Cartoons More Cartoons The Foundation "Unequivocal in principle, reasonable in manner, we shall be able I hope to do a great deal of good to the cause of freedom & harmony." —Thomas Jefferson (1801) More Founders' Quotes Who We Are We advocate individual liberty, the restoration of constitutional limits on government and the judiciary, and the promotion of free enterpise, national defense, and traditional American values. Read More What We Offer On the Web We offer solid conservative perspective on the issues of the day, including analysis, opinion columns, historic documents, humor, cartoons and more. Via Email Choose between our full-length Digest or our quick-hitting Snapshot to keep up with news important to Liberty. We also offer Humor on Monday and Alexander's column on Wednesday. Email Subscriptions Subscribe Change Email Address Change Email Preferences Unsubscribe Support Us Donate Online Donate by Mail FAQ / Contact Us / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 The Patriot Post.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Rising home values aren't enough to shake consumers' memories of the financial crisis Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 | 11:03 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Lucas Jackson | Reuters Shoppers look at merchandise at a Walmart store in Secaucus, N.J. Consumers still see value in buying and owning homes. Yet with memories of the recession still fresh in their minds, the recent lift in real estate prices hasn't been enough to persuade them to spend against that growing value. In a keynote speech at the National Retail Federation's annual conference in New York on Tuesday, William Dudley, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said this consumer hesitancy is one reason retail sales have been held back. "People haven't actually tapped that housing wealth," Dudley said, noting that home values have increased 40 percent since 2012. Dudley's comments follow what was, on the surface, a solid holiday season. According to the National Retail Federation, retail sales rose 4 percent in November and December, outpacing the prior 10-year average of 2.5 percent growth. But spending was choppy, and many traditional retailers struggled to capitalize on those gains. Along with a reluctance to spend money backed by the future value of their homes, a shift toward spending on experiences, a desire for deep discounts and an increased penchant for the web weighed on retailers. Looking forward, Dudley is unsure whether the recent gains in consumer confidence, which hit a 15-year high last month, will translate into elevated levels of spending. However, as the recession moves further into the rearview mirror, he predicts housing equity will once again become a source of consumer spending. "As time passes, people will forget the financial crisis," Dudley said. He added that it's very unlikely there will be another financial crisis in the next five to 10 years, thanks to healthier balance sheets and a safer financial system. Still, while he didn't rule out the possibility of 4 percent growth in gross domestic product going forward, he said it would be a "very, very good outcome" that would rely on lifting productivity. The economy has been expanding at roughly a 2 percent rate, though President-elect Donald Trump has said he thinks the U.S. could generate double that rate of growth. Dudley also spoke about the potential for a border adjustment tax, a Republican-backed plan that would make it more expensive for retailers to import goods to the U.S. While Dudley acknowledged that the country's corporate tax system needs an overhaul, he said a border adjustment tax would be a "pretty dramatic change." Proponents of this type of tax argue that its implementation would increase the value of the dollar, and therefore counter the costs retailers would incur by importing goods. But Dudley was skeptical that the transition would happen smoothly. "I can't sign up for that proposition," he said, adding that a border adjustment tax could also have unintended consequences. They include fewer international tourists coming to the U.S., and more Americans taking advantage of a stronger dollar by traveling abroad. Trump recently told The Wall Street Journal that the border adjustment tax is "too complicated," casting some doubt as to whether it would be implemented. In a subsequent statement, the press secretary for Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said that Ryan is in "frequent communication with the president-elect and his team about reforming our tax code to save American jobs and keep the promises we've made." "Changing the way we tax imports and exports is a big part of that, and we're very confident we'll get it done," he said. The National Retail Federation has taken an official stance against a border adjustment tax. On Monday, NRF CEO Matt Shay said its implementation would be a "massive" cost for retailers that could be "disastrous." Krystina GustafsonEditor
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch U.S. economic growth seen speeding up, and other M... Entertainment Love is all Around Entertainment Dick Van Dyke, Carl Reiner CBS This Morning Trump's first week in office Entertainment Oprah's favorite "Mary" moments CBS This Morning Kellyanne Conway on border wall CBS This Morning Abortion & Supreme Court picks CBS This Morning "Sanctuary cities" crackdown CBS This Morning Texas officer excessive force CBS This Morning Mylan CEO on EpiPen price hike CBS This Morning Sexist dress codes in U.K.? CBS This Morning GOP lawmakers and Trump Work Labor Secretary nominee's company underpays workers, group says Work Kraft Heinz employees to get day off after Super Bowl Work Restaurants jump into the battle over immigration Work Want a killer resume? Kill these 10 overused buzzwords Work When you shouldn't listen to the boss Work How to get a raise in 2017 Work Amazon and Walmart are hiring, but how good are these jobs? Work Pizza Hut’s pre-Super Bowl hiring binge Work Feds: Oracle pays white men more than other groups Work Walmart’s 2017 expansion calls for 10,000 new jobs Work Workers with no college degree fall further behind than ever Work Career education with the future employer in mind AP January 17, 2017, 8:23 AM Walmart’s 2017 expansion calls for 10,000 new jobs Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email NEW YORK - Wal-Mart (WMT) plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its expansion plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The company says it will build 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmarts and Sam’s Clubs. Walmart plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Walmart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce effort and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week, archrival Amazon (AMZN) announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. © 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features On the border: Possible tax on Mexican goods worries some U.S. businesses Feds arrest 2 in scam banking on "Hamilton," Adele shows Mark Zuckerberg drops his Hawaiian land lawsuits Overloaded U.S. immigration courts a "recipe for disaster" Americans fear losing Obamacare, but want it to change Market News Moneywatch Spotlight The 9 worst U.S. cities to own a car The best 11 jobs in America for 2017 8 homes made from recycled materials Meet the 8 men who are wealthier than half the globe 10 homes on stilts Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive log in weather MassDOT announces plans to replace Route 44 overpass in Raynham Monday Jan 16, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jan 16, 2017 at 8:06 AM Charles Winokoor Taunton Gazette Staff Reporter @cwinokoor RAYNHAM — It’s going to be a big deal when they replace the Route 44 overpass in Raynham that spans Route 24. But at least everyone will have ample time to prepare for themselves for that inevitability. The $28.7 million job to replace the circa 1950s Albert F. Porter Bridge will commence in May 2018, according to the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. DOT says the new, wider bridge — with its designated bike lane, wider traffic island and “pedestrian accommodations” — should be finished by the fall of 2019. The westward flow of traffic onto the Exit 13 overpass extends from the top of a hill at the busy intersection of Orchard Street and Route 44 — not far from Walmart and Raynham Woods Commerce Center — down toward the equally busy corner of 44 and South Street West. Route 44 in Raynham is also known as New State Highway. There’s already a designated bicycle lane in the Route 44 road running west near Walmart and Lowe’s and ending at Orchard Street. But it’s not often one sees a bicyclist brave enough to use it. The DOT said the existing overpass is “structurally deficient, functionally obsolete and out of line with modern design standards.” The DOT also notes that the finished product will “correct traffic weaving issues on Route 24.” The state department recently held a public hearing at Town Hall where it discussed its plans and answered questions. There will only be a single “long weekend period” when construction at the site prevents traffic from crossing over Route 24, the DOT said. There also will be a weekend closure to allow the new bridge to be shifted into place. Otherwise, the department said, one can expect “some minor disruptions due to periodic lane closures.” The DOT also said the new bridge will not be located in a different geographical spot, despite some rumors to the contrary. “If it’s going to happen then why not? Our opinion isn’t going to change their minds,” said Mark Farid, manager of Atlantic Fuel gas station at 510 New State Highway, which sits not far from the overpass. But he added: “If it’s time it’s time, before somebody gets hurt.” Drivers got a preview of sorts in 2015 and 2016 of how construction near the bridge can lead to prolonged inconvenience. For 15 months, the exit on eastbound Route 44 onto Route 24 south was closed, so that drivers had to drive past Orchard Street to the Lowe’s/Longhorn plaza and take a U-turn back to an available ramp. During that time, the state was conducting a “full-scale rehabilitation” of a bridge section underneath Route 24 spanning a narrow section of the Taunton River, just south of Exit 13. The price tag for the job was $17 million. During the summer of 2014, and over a course of six weeks, the state built a new overpass structure to replace the Hollis E. Jennings Memorial Bridge in Berkley, also known as the Padelford Street Bridge. The $5.6 million project came in under budget and on time, officials said. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Work for Us Contact us Submit Your News Subscribe E-Edition Coupons Advertise with us Community Info Wicked Local Patriot Ledger Wicked Local Brockton Market Place Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Resources Facebook Twitter Pinterest © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Enterprise, Brockton, MA ~ 1324 Belmont St., Unit 102, Brockton, MA 02301 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Region Massachusetts Business Health News Elections Nation & World Shareable Databases Towns Abington Avon Brockton Carver East Bridgewater Easton Hanover Hanson Holbrook Kingston Norton Pembroke Plymouth Plympton Randolph Rockland Stoughton Taunton West Bridgewater Sports High Schools Pros and College Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Travel Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Lifestyle Food Boomers Faith Family Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Cartoons Obituaries More Weather Photos Videos Contact us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Blogness on the Edge of Town Readers Choice Branded Content Games Contests Neighborhoods Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Wal-Mart Announces New Jobs All Over The Nation - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH NEWS Print Wal-Mart Announces New Jobs All Over The Nation Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 7:29 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 10:10 AM EST By Amy Kauffman, News9 Email Connect jen.billings@news9.net AP photo BENTONVILLE, Ark. - Wal-Mart announced this morning they will add about 10,000 jobs in addition to about 24,000 construction jobs as well. Wal-Mart Stores Incorporated says there will be 59 new, expanded, and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs facilities. The chain is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which starts February 1st. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services, such as online grocery pickup. Last week, Amazon announced it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. NewsMore>> One Shot And Killed In NW OKC Neighborhood, Suspect At Large One Shot And Killed In NW OKC Neighborhood, Suspect At Large [File Photo] Police are investigating after one person was shot in a northwest Oklahoma City, Friday evening.More >> Police are investigating after one person was shot in a northwest Oklahoma City, Friday evening.More >> Police Arrest Suspect In Double Homicide At Del City Laundromat Police Arrest Suspect In Double Homicide At Del City Laundromat Del City police announced the arrest of 33-year-old Roshawn Bernard Jones as the suspect believed to be involved in the double homicide at a laundromat, early Monday morning. More >> Del City police announced the arrest of 33-year-old Roshawn Bernard Jones as the suspect believed to be involved in the double homicide at a laundromat, early Monday morning.More >> Special Features iPhone App Get breaking news, weather, sports & video directly on your iPhone. Politics Breaking political news & the latest headlines from the state capitol & D.C. Radars See where weather is happening using our live interactive radars. Technology Spend your money wisely with reviews of new tech gadgets & the latest news in technology. TV Schedule Need to know what's on TV? Check out our television schedule. Live Radar OK Customize Your Forecast: Lookup News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Jobs Walmart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Published January 17, 2017 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif.  (AP) NEW YORK –  Walmart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs generated by its expansion plans. There will be 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam's Clubs locations, according to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. More News... Army veteran steps in to help man shot at Texas Walmart Run-DMC files $50M lawsuit against Walmart, Amazon Walmart stops selling 'Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter' shirts on its website The company plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year, which begins on Feb. 1. The investments include construction and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers, and the expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup. Walmart currently has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas, company has continued to pour money into its e-commerce and improving its stores. The chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street's expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Last week Amazon announced that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011, to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Walmart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the U.S. Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Screen Rant You Are Reading: Funko Announces New Star Wars Rebels Pops Share On Facebook Comments Next Follow Us Follow @screenrant SR EXCLUSIVES MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS REVIEWS VIDEOS LISTS + TRAILERS PODCASTS TOP MOVIES Comics Gaming Up Next 54 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment Funko Announces New Star Wars Rebels Pops By Ashley Victoria Robinson 01.16.2017 No Comments 54 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment Funko is the collectibles company with, arguably, the most licenses of any toy company out there. They seem to have cornered much of the nerd-based audiences with their plethora of action figures — the Funko Pop! Vinyl, arguably their most beloved product — and subscription boxes that run the gamut from DC to Marvel to Star Wars. Their Star Wars subscription box is called Smuggler’s Bounty and each month a new Pop! Vinyl is included inside. Last week, Funko announced three exclusive three-packs to be sold at Wal-Mart and today they announced three new Star Wars Rebels figures — featuring some of the Dark Side characters — and an exclusive Funko to appear in the March Smuggler’s Bounty subscription box. The theme of the March box is, unsurprisingly: Star Wars Rebels. These new Star Wars Rebels Pop! Vinyls include: The Grand Inquisitor, The Seventh Sister and the Fifth Brother. Their television counterparts are voiced by Jason Isaacs, Sarah Michelle Gellar, and Philip Anthony-Rodriguez, respectively, and always appearing in opposition to the eponymous heroes. These three Dark Side wielders will hit Wal-Mart in February. Smuggler’s Bounty will launch their March box with a Star Wars Rebels-era Darth Maul (voiced by Sam Witwer), bare to the waist and with his eery spider legs on clearly on display. These are the first four villainous Star Wars Rebels characters to be featured as Pop! Vinyls, each representing some of the most visually distinctive characters that have appeared on the three seasons of the show. Now that collectors can get their hands on the entire Rebels crew (including multiple versions of some characters — like Sabine Wren, who can be purchased both with and without her super cool Mandalorian helmet), and those who oppose them. Funko seriously seems to be listening to what fans of their products are looking for and for what fans of the Star Wars license are after. They’ve cut a wide swath across Star Wars Rebels (even a grown up Ahsoka Tano exists in Pop! Vinyl form), and are finally indulging the collecting habits of those who are inclined more toward the Dark Side of the Force. The design work in the television show is so incredible to begin with that it would have been a real shame to not bring some of the more distinct characters to the collectibles market. There are, however, a ton of Star Wars Funko action figures already available. This may force some collectors to choose one among the four available or to wonder whether or not they need more than one Funko Pop! Vinyl — there will be two when the Smuggler’s Bounty boxes begin shipping. Nevertheless, it will be interesting to see which characters may be adapted from Star Wars Rebels next — Grand Admiral Thrawn, perhaps? The Inquisitor Funko Pop! Vinyls go on sale in February and Darth Maul will be featured in the March Smugglers Bounty box. Star Wars Rebels continues this Saturday with ‘Trials of the Darksaber’ on Disney XD. Source: Making Star Wars BY: Ashley Victoria Robinson @@AshleyVRobinson TAGS: star wars rebels Comments (0) 54 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment More in TV News The Flash Cameo in Next Week’s Arrow Episode Revealed? Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Bobbi & Hunter Unlikely to Return The Defenders Set Photos: Luke & Jessica Reunite Trending Latest Topics Comics Guide to Marvel’s Same-Name Superheroes SR Originals Why Don't Superhero Movies Win Oscars? Comics Lobo is Joining DC's Justice League Movie News Deadpool 2 Isn't a 'Slave' to Continuity Game News Marvel & Square Enix Unite for Avengers Project Lists Netflix: Best New Additions In February, Ranked Movie News Dormammu's Alternate Design Revealed Movie News Joe Manganiello Tweets Deathstroke Art Star Wars 8 Justice League Sherlock: The Final Problem Solved Wonder Woman Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Arrival Ending Explained Wolverine 3 The Walking Dead Season 7 Avengers: Infinity War Screen Rant Forum Discussion Follow Us ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ARCHIVE WRITE FOR US © 2017 Screen Rant. All rights reserved.
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Current Show The Savage Nation 8PM–11PM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Mike Gallagher Show 11PM–2AM The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM The Dennis Prager Show 5AM–8AM Current Weather (55811) 26° Search Our Site Search The Savage Nation 8PM–11PM News Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks Tuesday, January 17, 2017 5:53 a.m. CST A general view shows a Wal-Mart store in Monterrey, Mexico, August 10, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril By Nandita Bose (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions.. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group <005380.KS> said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement “continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement” between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Comments Top Stories Duluth Armory Dance Party Saturday Night Friday, January 27 Beargrease Marathon Starts Sunday Friday, January 27 Governor Signs Health Insurance Premium Relief Bill Friday, January 27 Duluth Police Investigate Shooting Incident Friday, January 27 Greater Minnesota Legislators Want Broadband Investment Thursday, January 26 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North Facebook twitter Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Wal-Mart to create 10,000 U.S. jobs in 2017 Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Jan 17th 2017 9:35AM Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) said it would create about 10,000 jobs in the United States this year, adding to its near 1.5 million workforce in the country, by opening or remodeling stores and investing in its e-commerce business. The number of jobs being created is consistent with previous years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a spokesman for Wal-Mart, the largest U.S. retailer and private employer. Several U.S. companies, particularly automakers, have announced plans to create jobs in the United States since the U.S. election victory of Donald Trump. SEE MORE: Americans have never been this conflicted about the economy's direction Trump, who takes office on Jan. 20, has repeatedly singled out and criticized companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States. General Motors Co (GM.N) will announce as early as Tuesday long-held plans to invest about $1 billion in its U.S. factories, a person briefed on the matter told Reuters. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) RELATED: See the 7 most valuable companies in the world: 5 PHOTOS 7 most valuable companies in the world See Gallery 7 most valuable companies in the world 5. Facebook, $379.8 billion (REUTERS/Stephen Lam/File Photo) 4. Amazon, $380.2 billion (REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo) 3. Microsoft, $468.7 billion (REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo) 2. Alphabet, $553.9 billion (REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE More from AOL.com: Is this really America's most hated company? (No, it's not Comcast or Wal-Mart) Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs this month Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job Career Search jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives American Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $625k A Once-In-A-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived A brilliant trick used to pay off credit card debt 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Mortgage rates hit 3.2% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Start 2017 with a new high yield savings account Personal loans: Too good to be true? CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY 10 Worst Store Credit Cards You Should Avoid at All Costs The 10 Cities With the Most Credit Card Debt Fix Your Grocery List: 10 Ways You’re Wasting Money on Food Here's the Cost of Child Care in Every State The World's 10 Least Livable Cities The 10 States Most Reliant on Federal Dollars Recommended For You 1 YELLEN: The Fed is close to its goals and expects to hike rates 'a few' times this... 2 Trump walks back 'insurance for everybody' claim, says health care is top priority 3 15 items to buy from American Apparel's closing sale 4 People in the US and Canada spent over $53 billion on marijuana in 2016 5 Nordstrom won't be closing many stores this year 6 Gas and housing prices pushed up America's cost of living in December 7 Deutsche Bank is scrapping bonuses for senior employees because of the bank's perf... 8 You need to know these 5 tips about student loan forgiveness Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,294.69-1.99-0.09% DJIA20,093.78-7.13-0.04% NASDAQ5,660.785.610.10% DAX11,814.27-34.36-0.29% HANG SENG23,360.78-13.39-0.06% NIKKEI 22519,467.4065.010.34% USD (per EUR)1.070.000.15% USD (per CHF)1.000.00-0.06% JPY (per USD)115.070.620.54% GBP (per USD)1.250.00-0.37% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners George Orwell's '1984' becomes 2017 best sellerCNNMoney New Yorkers start debate on free tuitionCNNMoney Hacker to Trump: Fix your Twitter security settingsCNNMoney Trump's HHS pick: Medicaid may not be guaranteedCNNMoney Ethics lawsuit to claim Trump is in violation of ConstitutionCNNMoney 'Saturday Night Live:' Shirtless Putin addresses AmericaCNNMoney Here's how much Obama's pension is worthCNNMoney Kawasaki wants 'Apprentice' to cut Trump tiesCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Fri, Jan 27 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2017  AOL Inc.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 Governor signs bill banning abortion procedure; measure fails to make March primary permanent Hutchinson: Trump’s protectionist talk a concern; opposes school choice bill Bill would delay medical marijuana until legal nationwide House panel advances tax break for military retirees, removes planned tax hike on manufactured housing Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth Northwest Arkansas sales tax revenue begins 2017 with an almost 11% increase Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers Arkansas tourism industry hopes to build off two-year ‘hot streak,’ may face some economic headwinds in 2017 Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Executive shuffle continues as Wal-Mart moves to be a ‘digital enterprise,’ corporate layoffs may begin this week BusinessCentral ArkansasFort SmithNortheast ArkansasNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 2 weeks ago 4,213 views  Tags: ecommerce Jet.com Wal-Mart 0 SHARES Share Tweet Executive changes continue at Wal-Mart Stores, with CEO Doug McMillon saying the world’s largest retailer requires “more speed and less bureaucracy” to better serve shoppers. The retailer has said John Furner will replace departing Sam’s Club CEO Rosalind Brewer, and Chief Information Officer Karenann Terrell will be replaced by Clay Johnson, a former executive from General Electric. Terrell exits on Feb. 24. However, Johnson’s title will be different. He will be the enterprise chief information office and will “focus on lowering our costs, getting the benefits of scale, associate experience and cyber security,” according to McMillon. “We need more speed and less bureaucracy” to better serve shoppers to save them money and time, McMillon noted in a recent memo to employees. In that same memo McMillon said in an effort “to stay lean and fast” some jobs are being eliminated, and new positions created. The goal is to become a “digital enterprise and be enabled to a greater degree by technology.” “We’re making the changes that will help us win in the short term and position us to be a winner for years to come. I know change isn’t always easy. But, I’m certain our future success is partially dependent on becoming more of a technology company in our stores and clubs and everywhere else the customer sees us,” McMillon wrote. “While it’ll be our people and our culture that will make us special and ultimately drive our success, becoming more digital to enable our company to be more effective with new ways of working and new tools will be key.” Michael Bender, chief operating officer for Wal-Mart’s Global eCommerce division, is also leaving the company after eight years. Bender was responsible for integration of digital commerce into new and existing formats. Neil Ashe, former CEO of Wal-Mart Global eCommerce, will officially leave the company Jan. 31. His departure was announced last year when Wal-Mart acquired Jet. Wal-Mart’s new e-commerce CEO Marc Lore announced in an internal memo that Jet’s chief revenue officer Scott Hilton will become the chief revenue officer for all of the Wal-Mart ecommerce operations. Lore said Jeremy King of Wal-Mart’s engineering team will become chief technology officer. Liza Landsman was promoted to president of Jet.com from her prior position as chief customer officer. Lore said Seth Beal will fill the new role of senior vice president of incubation and strategic partnerships with leadership over a team tasked with identifying new technologies to better serve Wal-Mart customers. Previously Beal held the role of senior vice president over digital store operations for Walmart.com. Jordan Sweetnam is transitioning to the retailer’s vice president of customer experience, product, focusing on products, shoppers, and faster execution. Sweetnam was formerly the vice president of global product for Wal-Mart eCommerce. Chief Marketing Officer Tony Rogers “will lead the newly unified Marketing organization,” which encompasses Wal-Mart stores, Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore said. Lore also noted in the memo that the changes were part of an effort to turn Wal-Mart into “a more customer-centric organization as the retailer is “on a mission to reshape e-commerce and create a best-in-class shopping experience.” “Our strategy is about offering more choice, competitive prices — particularly on food and consumables — and operating on the strength of the world’s most efficient ecommerce supply chain. We’ve also talked about building a simpler organization that enables us to work faster and smarter,” he added. Critical supply chain functions will be the job of Nate Faust, senior vice president for U.S. eCommerce Supply Chain. Annibal Sodero, assistant professor of supply chain excellence at the University of Arkansas, said management shifts are common after acquisitions. He said Lore is starting to put his signature on the company but only time will tell if the moves were correct. Sodero said integrating the business operations of Jet and Wal-Mart and now ShoeBuy won’t be easy given they have fundamentally different business models. “It will be interesting to see how these mergers will be integrated into Wal-Mart or left to operate autonomously,” Sodero said. Aside from shifts made in the retailer’s executive ranks, Wal-Mart plans to downsize its corporate office headcount — possibly handing out as many as 1,000 pink slips beginning this Friday (Jan. 20), according to people close to the situation. The deepest of the personnel cuts are expected to be in the human resources division, but insiders said several other divisions were also asked to streamline operations and eliminate positions. California-based Workday recently announced Wal-Mart recently purchased a subscription to its human resources platform that allows for cloud-based applications for finance and HR duties such as expense payroll and benefit management. The enterprise software company made the news public last week. On Jan. 10, Wal-Mart spokesman Greg Hitt, told Talk Business & Politics, “Like any organization, we make decisions based upon what’s best for our business and the customers we serve … “we are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively. While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements.” Comments comments Previous post Amazon 'eFairness' bill could put $100 million into 'future tax cuts' for Arkansans, says Sen. Files Next post Money Talk: Simmons First adds two outside directors to company board Newsletter Sign up to get latest from TB&P in your inbox! Talk Business & Politics Newsletter Sign Up Subscribe Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Pakko The Arkansas economy in 2017: Improving trends to continue John Burris 10 rules for legislators Kathy Deck Arkansas economic growth to continue in 2017, but pace could slow Williams Yamkam 5 questions for President Trump and his team Latisha Settlage Arkansas, national economies poised for more growth in 2017 Latest Popular Economists predict Trump bump to benefit U.S. and some metro economies 2 hours ago Arkansas State University online enrollment numbers surge during 2016-17 school year 4 hours ago U.S. economy slows to 1.9% growth in fourth quarter, yearly GDP at lowest level since 2011 8 hours ago Urban Land Institute Northwest Arkansas holds first event, seeks to be ‘thoughtful’ about growth 8 hours ago Bentonville/Bella Vista chamber rebrands with new name, logo 11 hours ago The Supply Side: Wal-Mart’s recent corporate downsizing raises questions among suppliers 2,835 views Women’s March for Arkansas draws thousands to Little Rock 2,739 views The Supply Side: Wal-Mart restructures replenishment operations 2,092 views Top management shifts at Sam’s Club to happen under incoming CEO Furner 2,056 views Brewer’s exit as CEO of Sam’s Club surprised few; likely to have many career options 1,569 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart To Add 34,000 Jobs In 2017 Following Other Major Employers Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 17, 2017 8:08am   Comments Share: Related WMT Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now? Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 25, 2017 Trump Tax Fears: Wal-Mart, Target, Macy's Hit New Lows (Investor's Business Daily) Retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) said it would add 34,000 jobs in 2017, including 10,000 retail jobs in the United States as part of its planned multi-billion dollar investment in the country. Wal-Mart is planning to invest $6.8 billion in the US in the coming fiscal year to construct and remodel stores, clubs and distribution centers, and expand new services such as Online Grocery Pickup. Wal-Mart said its investments would create about 10,000 retail jobs via the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club facilities as well as e-commerce services. The company has nearly 1.5 million associates in the US. In addition, an estimated 24,000 construction jobs supported through the opening of those facilities, plus the remodeling and improvement of existing U.S. facilities. By July, Wal-Mart will open 160 new training academies around the country, bringing the total number of Academies to 200. They would provide specialty training for up to six weeks to its 225,000 plus associates. Wal-Mart’s announcement comes as peer Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) announced it will add more than 100,000 new jobs in the US in the next 18 months. Shares of Wal-Mart closed Friday at $67.13. In the pre-market hours Tuesday, the stock is up 1 percent to $67.80. Posted-In: News © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + WMT) Here's What Alibaba's Recent Acquisitions Suggest About The Future Of The Economy Key Takeaways And Positives From PayPal's Q4 Report JJ Kinahan Walks Us Through The Most Traded Stocks Among TDA Clients In 2016: Apple, Bank of America & More PayPal's Q4: An Analyst's Likes And Dislikes PayPal CEO Divulges Partnership Talks With Amazon 3 Things To Think About Following Netflix's 'Spectacular' Q4 Earnings View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 POT, RCL: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 AAL, SMCI: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 CCJ, XOM: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off' Uranium Rally 4 FNMA, FMCC: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fannie And Freddi... 5 JBLU, T: 15 Stocks To Watch For January 26, 2017 6 RAD, WBA: To The Rescue: Cerberus Capita... 7 DLGNF, WATT: Exclusive: Energous... 1 SBUX, CVS: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 27 2 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Dr... 3 JNJ, NUE: A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council 4 Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relati... 5 USDA Cattle on Feed report 6 SBUX: A Decade Of Schultz: How Starbucks Has Fared Since He... 7 EEQ, OSIR: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rises... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Goldman Calls Disney A Buy, 2018 Film Roster 'Might Be Best Ever' USD/JPY Erases Losses
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart, GM reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 4:06am IST Wal-Mart, GM reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks By Nandita Bose Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and General Motors Co (GM.N) on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer (BAYGn.DE) and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co (MON.N) also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions.. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co (F.N) on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group (005380.KS) said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement “continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement” between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey, Mexico November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/Files Next In Money News Toshiba to sell part of chip business, puts overseas nuclear ops under review TOKYO Toshiba Corp said it will sell a minority stake in its memory chip business as it urgently seeks funds to offset an imminent multi-billion dollar writedown, adding that its overseas nuclear division - the cause of its woes - was now under review. SEBI sets listing rules for exchanges MUMBAI The Securities and Exchange Board of India announced on Friday new measures for exchanges listing on a rival bourse to resolve any potential conflicts of interest, including closer oversight from an independent panel set up by the regulator. U.S. dollar continues Trump-related broad uptrend NEW YORK The dollar rose against the yen on Friday, extending a broad trend that has been in place since U.S. President Donald Trump's election in November on expectations of more pro-growth policies to bolster an economy that has improved but sputtered at times. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Opinion Commentary Running government like a business a misguided notion Private sector interests are purely to make money and abuses are well documented. Air Force Lt. Stephanie Erdman, whose eye was injured by airbag shrapnel from her 2002 Honda Civic, is surrounded by pictures showing the accident as she testifies before a U.S. Senate committee in 2014 on the Takata airbag defects and the vehicle recall process. For "every example of government incompetence, there’s a business example that’s worse," writes Mark Bulgutch.  (JIM WATSON / AFP/GETTY IMAGES)   By Mark Bulgutch Tues., Jan. 17, 2017 We are about to watch the ultimate test of a proposition near and dear to the hearts of a good many people. That government should run like a business. Donald Trump, a billionaire business tycoon is going to be the CEO of the United States of America. He has said his country should “run like a business.” But he’s far from alone in that belief. Kevin O’Leary for example, who may or may not enter the race to be the next leader of the Conservative Party of Canada, has said he’d be a good prime minister because, “You need someone who has run a business.” It must be conceded that governments at all levels have provided too much ammunition for critics. They’ve been guilty of corrupt or bonehead practices that seem to cry out for rigid, businesslike control. The federal government rolls out a shiny new payroll system, and a year later thousands of employees still aren’t getting the right amount of dollars in their paycheque, and some aren’t getting a paycheque at all. The Ontario government’s hare-brained schemes for green energy seem to blow up as surely as a stick of dynamite in the hands of Wile E. Coyote. In Toronto, city council agrees to rebuild an expressway, but before even one construction pylon is in place, the projected cost goes up by a billion dollars. But for every example of government incompetence, there’s a business example that’s worse. Article Continued Below Volkswagen programmed its engines to control emissions only when they were being tested in labs. Once those engines hit the road, they emitted 40 times more pollution. Not to be outdone, Fiat Chrysler installed engine software to disguise the fact that illegal amounts of nitrogen oxides were getting into the air. To be clear, this wasn’t accidental. In the words of the California Air Resources Board, “A major automaker made the business decision to skirt the rules.” Takata put faulty airbags in millions of North American cars. Then it prepared falsified reports to cover it up. At least 16 people have been killed by those airbags exploding violently. The Walmart in Fort McMurray, Alta., has been hit with 174 charges of selling food unfit for human consumption after last year’s terrible wildfires. Walmart reacted to the charges with a carefully worded statement that doesn’t deny anything. It just says it worked closely with food inspectors. Those same food inspectors say they gave Walmart guidance in person and in writing and that what the store did was, “a direct and avoidable risk to the health of this community.” Of course, risking the health of its customers isn’t an uncommon business practice. Big Tobacco spent years denying that smoking caused cancer. Now it more often wraps its lethal work in the veneer of personal freedom. It argues that smoking cigarettes is simply something a grown-up should be allowed to do. Some businesses wouldn’t know a moral principle if it kicked them in the pants. Say what you like about government, but it doesn’t deliberately set out every day to provide people with the means to kill themselves. The business of sport engages in sketchy manoeuvres all the time. The National Hockey League refuses to outlaw fighting because, it says, fighting causes only about 5 to 10 per cent of concussions in the league. By that logic, there’s no need for government to worry about suicides in this country. It accounts for fewer than 2 per cent of all deaths according to Statistics Canada. FIFA, the world’s soccer authority, has decided to expand its World Cup tournament from 32 teams to 48. It acknowledges that the quality of play will deteriorate. But it will pull in an extra billion dollars in revenue. Apparently, five and a half-billion dollars wasn’t nearly enough. I suppose the notion of quality can be overrated. Money is literally the bottom line for business. There’s no such thing as too much. The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives reported this month that the 100 top CEOs in Canada made an average of $9.5 million dollars in 2015. The top earner was Michael Pearson of Valeant Pharmaceuticals. He made $182.9 million. That’s about 536 times more than our prime minister makes. Looks like the government made a good deal. Obviously, not every business is evil. But casting all business as inherently better and smarter than all government, is equally misguided. Both business and government are human enterprises. And part of the human condition is messing up. Mark Bulgutch teaches journalism at Ryerson University. He is the former senior executive producer of CBC News, and the author of That’s Why I’m a Journalist. Read more about: Walmart, Donald Trump Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Céline Dion joins ‘The Voice’ The Canadian pop star will be serving as an adviser for Gwen Stefani’s team during season 12 of the NBC singing competition. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Panama Papers Dinner Party Canada 150 Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $14,245,000 Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Owens Corning Inc (OC) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Position Increased by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Decreases Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $925,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Raised by Moors & Cabot Inc. Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Position Boosted by Capital World Investors Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Position Lowered by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 3,000,000 Shares of American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Shares Sold by Baker Avenue Asset Management LP Capital International Investors Has $151,632,000 Stake in Ctrip.com International, Ltd. (CTRP) Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Bonds Drop 0.8% During Trading RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. According to Zacks, “Though share price of Wal-Mart has been rising since past one year, the company is facing a number of headwinds currently. While Wal-Mart posted positive earnings streak for the fifth consecutive quarter, top-line remains sluggish possibly due to deflationary pressure hurting comparable store sales. We are encouraged that the company is focusing on building its e-commerce capabilities, foraying into new markets, expanding product assortments and implementing innovative ways to drive traffic. The recent acquisition of ShoeBuy is in-line with the company’s efforts to grow its online activities. However, unfavorable currency and higher investments in wages and e-commerce activities are also taking a toll on the profits. Decline in international revenues, stiff competition from both brick & mortar and online retailers also poses concern.” WMT has been the topic of several other reports. KeyCorp started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday, September 29th. They issued an overweight rating and a $90.00 target price on the stock. Credit Suisse Group started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 16th. They issued an outperform rating and a $80.00 target price on the stock. Guggenheim started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 30th. They issued a buy rating and a $82.00 target price on the stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $72.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, October 10th. Finally, Vetr cut Wal-Mart Stores from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $73.85 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $74.84. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.13 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $70.03 and its 200 day moving average is $71.24. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $206.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.56 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.03 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth about $100,000. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $104,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth about $111,000. BKS Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $110,000. Finally, Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Jan 27, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail RETAIL INDUSTRY Trade group, chains offer training for entry-level jobs ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Jan. 17, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs, nonprofit groups and chains such as Wal-Mart, Home Depot, and the Home Shopping Network are launching a program to help people develop the skills to land entry-level jobs and advance in a retail career. As more people shop online, stores say they need workers who come in with more knowledge and can offer better service. The training and credential program, led by the nonprofit arm of the National Retail Federation trade group, includes sales and inventory basics, dealing with customers, and how to use technology like kiosks. “The skill gap is a huge challenge in America broadly,” said Ellen Davis, a senior vice president at the trade group and executive director of NRF Foundation. “Talent is a significant challenge in retail at all levels.” More than 20 major retailers including Neiman Marcus and Ashley Stewart have pledged general support for the Rise Up program launched this week. It’s part of a broader credential plan that would help workers move up that may include training for store supervisors and in specific areas like retail analytics. Thirty-two percent of all first jobs in the United States are in retail, the trade group says, and stores overall have more job openings now than they did a few years ago. Rising wages have increased competition for workers as people take better-paying jobs. The average hourly pay for cashiers and low-level retail sales staff is $9.26, according to a Hay Group study — a level labor groups say still isn’t enough to live on. The retail industry says store jobs can be a starting point toward bigger things. In stores, entry-level work isn’t just about folding clothes and ringing up sales. Beyond making change, the Rise Up program includes how to balance a cash drawer and checking for counterfeit currency. Employees also need to understand how stores and online sites work together, use up-to-date handhelds to check inventory, and solve customer-service issues. “It’s crisp, clear lessons,” said James Rhee, CEO of clothing chain Ashley Stewart, which is among the retailers including HSN Inc. that will give the credential weight in their hiring. “It’s not just about buying and selling. It’s extremely service-oriented, but it’s extremely more quantitative, and it’s all about the innovation of technology.” The program offers 30 to 40 hours of classroom training or 15 hours of online training, and will be administered through nonprofit groups and public education partners. The overall cost is $50, but many students will be able to get subsidies. Related Items National Retail Federation , HSN Inc , retail , job market Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Barboursville Wal-Mart Evacuated Due to Gas Leak - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News West Virginia Floods Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Elections Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports High School Football Scores High School Sports Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports The Big Game Summer Sports Spectacular West Virginia Illustrated Video Community Coupon Bug Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Decision Makers Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Barboursville Wal-Mart Evacuated Due to Gas Leak Posted: Monday, January 16, 2017 10:59 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 12:13 PM EST By Joseph Fitzwater, Assignment Editor Email Connect jfitzwater@wowktv.com UPDATE: January 17th, 2017, 12:09 p.m. According to a manager from the Barboursville Wal-Mart, business operations have returned to normal today. Crews were unable to detect any gas leaks following a report that came in at about 10:35 p.m. last night. The store had been previously evacuated but has resumed operations. ORIGINAL: Cabell County dispatchers confirm that the Barboursville Wal-Mart on Nichols Drive next to the Barboursville Mall has been evacuated due to a gas leak. The gas leak was reported around 10:35 p.m. Dispatchers say that a gas smell was being reported at the pharmacy in that Wal-Mart. Everyone has been cleared from the scene safely, and crews are working to fix the gas leak. Barboursville Fire responded to the scene.  We'll provide more information on this story as soon as we receive it. EmergenciesMore>> Jail Stabbing Sends One to the Hospital Jail Stabbing Sends One to the Hospital Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:41 PM EST2017-01-28 00:41:11 GMT One person has been transported to the hospital after a stabbing at a Kanawha County jail. The incident occurred at South Central Regional Jail on Centre Way in Charleston. At this time, one person was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries. It is not known what may have caused the incident.  We will provide more information on this story as soon as we receive it. One person has been transported to the hospital after a stabbing at a Kanawha County jail. The incident occurred at South Central Regional Jail on Centre Way in Charleston. At this time, one person was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries. It is not known what may have caused the incident.  We will provide more information on this story as soon as we receive it. Major Vehicle Accident in Kanawha County Shuts Down Road Major Vehicle Accident in Kanawha County Shuts Down Road Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 7:20 PM EST2017-01-28 00:20:36 GMT A major crash has occurred in southwestern Kanawha County Friday evening.  A major crash has occurred in southwestern Kanawha County Friday evening.  House Fire Reported In Boone County House Fire Reported In Boone County Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:37 PM EST2017-01-27 21:37:38 GMT Boone County 911 received a call approximately 3:30 to respond to a structure fire. Fire crews reported to an address in the 5000 Block of Ashford Hill Rd in Boone County, and discovered a fully involved working house fire. Boone County dispatched reported that the fire resulted in a total loss. No injuries were reported . We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Boone County 911 received a call approximately 3:30 to respond to a structure fire. Fire crews reported to an address in the 5000 Block of Ashford Hill Rd in Boone County, and discovered a fully involved working house fire. Boone County dispatched reported that the fire resulted in a total loss. No injuries were reported . We will update with the latest information as it becomes available. Underground Mine Accident Kills One in Kentucky Underground Mine Accident Kills One in Kentucky Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 2:28 PM EST2017-01-27 19:28:29 GMT A mining accident that occurred yesterday in Pike County, KY, has resulted in one death. The accident occurred inside the mine belonging to R&C Coal LLC in Pikeville.  Ray Hatfield, 42, of Hi Hat, KY, suffered from fatal injuries while underground. The details of the accident have not been disclosed. The mine was shut down following the accident and continues to be closed while the accident is investigated. The Kentucky Department for Natural Resources, Division of Mine S... A mining accident that occurred yesterday in Pike County, KY, has resulted in one death. The accident occurred inside the mine belonging to R&C Coal LLC in Pikeville.  Ray Hatfield, 42, of Hi Hat, KY, suffered from fatal injuries while underground. The details of the accident have not been disclosed. The mine was shut down following the accident and continues to be closed while the accident is investigated. The Kentucky Department for Natural Resources, Division of Mine S... Vehicle crash shuts down U.S. Route 35 in Jackson County, Ohio Vehicle crash shuts down U.S. Route 35 in Jackson County, Ohio Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 12:17 PM EST2017-01-27 17:17:28 GMT © MGN Online According the the Ohio State Highway Patrol, the Jackson County Post is investigating a vehicle accident that occurred at approximately 5:21 a.m. this morning on Route 35 near Lick Township. A crash occurred after a tractor trailer traveled into the median and rolled onto it's side before blocking both eastbound lanes. The driver was treated at the scene for minor injuries.  U.S. 35 is closed at this time while crews remove debris from the roadway. It is unclear when eastboun... According the the Ohio State Highway Patrol, the Jackson County Post is investigating a vehicle accident that occurred at approximately 5:21 a.m. this morning on Route 35 near Lick Township. A crash occurred after a tractor trailer traveled into the median and rolled onto it's side before blocking both eastbound lanes. The driver was treated at the scene for minor injuries.  U.S. 35 is closed at this time while crews remove debris from the roadway. It is unclear when eastboun... Semi rollover stopping traffic in Jackson County, Ohio Semi rollover stopping traffic in Jackson County, Ohio Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:51 AM EST2017-01-27 11:51:37 GMT A tractor trailer rollover has stopped traffic on Route 32 East in Jackson County, Ohio. The accident is near the Jackson Furnace Exit. Law enforcement tells us traffic is backed up in the area. No word on injuries at this time. Law enforcement did not say when the lanes would be reopened. Stay with 13 News on this developing story.  A tractor trailer rollover has stopped traffic on Route 32 East in Jackson County, Ohio. The accident is near the Jackson Furnace Exit. Law enforcement tells us traffic is backed up in the area. No word on injuries at this time. Law enforcement did not say when the lanes would be reopened. Stay with 13 News on this developing story.  Pedestrian Fatally Struck by Vehicle on Corridor G Pedestrian Fatally Struck by Vehicle on Corridor G Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 8:52 PM EST2017-01-27 01:52:43 GMT A pedestrian has been struck in Kanawha County Wednesday evening. The incident occurred just before 7:30 p.m. of the Moses Automotive Factory Outlet on Corridor G. One person was transported to the hospital. The injuries of that person are unknown at this time. Two southbound lanes of Corridor G are shut down while crews assess the scene. South Charleston Police, Fire, and Kanawha County EMS responded to the scene. We'll provide more information on this story as soon as we r... A pedestrian has been struck in Kanawha County Wednesday evening. The incident occurred just before 7:30 p.m. of the Moses Automotive Factory Outlet on Corridor G. One person was transported to the hospital. The injuries of that person are unknown at this time. Two southbound lanes of Corridor G are shut down while crews assess the scene. South Charleston Police, Fire, and Kanawha County EMS responded to the scene. We'll provide more information on this story as soon as we r... Structure fire reported in Lincoln County Structure fire reported in Lincoln County Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 2:04 PM EST2017-01-26 19:04:50 GMT Lincoln County Dispatchers have confirmed that a structure fire occurred in West Hamlin shortly after noon today. Lincoln County Dispatchers have confirmed that a structure fire occurred in West Hamlin shortly after noon today. 96-Year-Old Woman Critical After 2 Pit Bulls Attack 96-Year-Old Woman Critical After 2 Pit Bulls Attack Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 10:31 AM EST2017-01-26 15:31:56 GMT Police say two pit bulls have mauled and critically injured a 96-year-old woman. Police say two pit bulls have mauled and critically injured a 96-year-old woman. Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 2:06 AM EST2017-01-26 07:06:57 GMT A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le... A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le...    Top VideoMore>> Hooked on the Outdoors - Fishing Class Hooked on the Outdoors - Fishing Class Chicken In A Sweater? We Found One! Chicken In A Sweater? We Found One! Governor Justice Owes $4.6 Million in Mine Fees Governor Justice Owes $4.6 Million in Mine Fees Restaurant Week - Aldephia Sports Bar and Grill Restaurant Week - Aldephia Sports Bar and Grill Student nearly struck by vehicle at bus stop Student nearly struck by vehicle at bus stop    SlideshowsMore>> Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop List of events at the Rod Run & Doo Wop Updated: Friday, October 7 2016 8:51 AM EDT2016-10-07 12:51:07 GMT Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Here's a list of all the events you can attend. Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Girls Night Out 2016 raises money for YWCA Resolve Family Abuse Program Updated: Sunday, August 14 2016 10:33 PM EDT2016-08-15 02:33:29 GMT About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  About 1,300 women filled the West Virginia Culture Center for Girls Night Out 2016 on August 13, 2016 raising money for the YWCA.  2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event 2016 Huntington Dress for Success and Stiletto Stroll Event Updated: Saturday, May 21 2016 11:37 AM EDT2016-05-21 15:37:56 GMT The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event. The Dress for Success River Cities hosted their 4th annual Power Walk, 5K Run, and Stiletto Stroll on Saturday, May 21, 2016 at Ritter Park in Huntington, WV. Here are some pictures from the event.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Beware New "Can You Hear Me?" Scam Beware New "Can You Hear Me?" Scam Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 8:59 PM EST2017-01-27 01:59:30 GMT It’s not a Verizon commercial: If you receive a phone call from someone asking “can you hear me,” hang up. You’re a potential victim in the latest scam circulating around the U.S.  Virginia police are now warning about the scheme, which also sparked warnings by Pennsylvania authorities late last year.  It’s not a Verizon commercial: If you receive a phone call from someone asking “can you hear me,” hang up. You’re a potential victim in the latest scam circulating around the U.S.  Virginia police are now warning about the scheme, which also sparked warnings by Pennsylvania authorities late last year.  Infants found in back of overdosed couple’s SUV, sheriff says Infants found in back of overdosed couple’s SUV, sheriff says Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 3:53 PM EST2017-01-27 20:53:22 GMT Two infants were found in the back of an SUV as two adults were found sleeping in the front after overdosing in a gas station parking lot. Two infants were found in the back of an SUV as two adults were found sleeping in the front after overdosing in a gas station parking lot. Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 8:34 AM EST2017-01-27 13:34:44 GMT CBS Boston It wasn't known if they had lawyers and phone numbers couldn't be found for them. It wasn't known if they had lawyers and phone numbers couldn't be found for them. Proposal would establish California as separate nation Proposal would establish California as separate nation Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 10:05 PM EST2017-01-27 03:05:24 GMT LOS ANGELES (AP) - Another attempt is underway that could establish California as a separate nation. A proposal has been submitted to state election officials that would ask voters to repeal part of the state constitution that declares California an inseparable part of the United States. If it qualifies for the ballot and is approved by voters, the proposal could be a step to a future vote on whether California should break away from the U.S. Supporters Thursday were cleared to beg... LOS ANGELES (AP) - Another attempt is underway that could establish California as a separate nation. A proposal has been submitted to state election officials that would ask voters to repeal part of the state constitution that declares California an inseparable part of the United States. If it qualifies for the ballot and is approved by voters, the proposal could be a step to a future vote on whether California should break away from the U.S. Supporters Thursday were cleared to beg... Police warn drivers after woman gets tricked by dummy in road Police warn drivers after woman gets tricked by dummy in road Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 1:58 PM EST2017-01-26 18:58:35 GMT What a woman believed to be a young child in the middle of a roadway may have actually been bait used by would-be carjackers. What a woman believed to be a young child in the middle of a roadway may have actually been bait used by would-be carjackers. Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Update: Arrest Made in Boone County Stabbing Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 4:20 PM EST2017-01-26 21:20:46 GMT Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Boone County dispatchers have confirmed that one person was stabbed in the Bull Creek area today, Thursday, January, 26th, 2017. Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old Ohio Mom Gets 8 Years in Prison for Heroin Death of 11-Month-Old An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. An Ohio woman whose 11-month-old son died from ingesting heroin has been sentenced to eight years in prison. President Trump Sends Note on Coal to Sen. Capito President Trump Sends Note on Coal to Sen. Capito Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 6:33 PM EST2017-01-26 23:33:26 GMT President Trump supports coal in note to Sen. Capito A handwritten note from President Trump to West Virginia Senator Shelly Moore Capito is generating a lot of buzz, especially on social media. Capito wrote asking for support on the Miner's Protection Act, stalled in Congress. The President wrote back, saying: "Shelley: Great I am all for the miners." The coal industry appreciates the response. "When you have a fellow in the White House who has a positive feeling about the coal miners, the use of coal and how significan... A handwritten note from President Trump to West Virginia Senator Shelly Moore Capito is generating a lot of buzz, especially on social media. Capito wrote asking for support on the Miner's Protection Act, stalled in Congress. The President wrote back, saying: "Shelley: Great I am all for the miners." The coal industry appreciates the response. "When you have a fellow in the White House who has a positive feeling about the coal miners, the use of coal and how significan... WV Governor's Coal Mines Owe $4.6 Million in Safety Fines, Penalties WV Governor's Coal Mines Owe $4.6 Million in Safety Fines, Penalties Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:01 AM EST2017-01-27 15:01:57 GMT West Virginia governor's coal mines owe $4.6 million in safety fines, penalties. West Virginia governor's coal mines owe $4.6 million in safety fines, penalties. Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Police Need Your Help Finding Missing Teenager Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 2:06 AM EST2017-01-26 07:06:57 GMT A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le... A female teenager is missing from the Saint Albans area. Mikaila Vargo never came home from school Wednesday. She was last seen Wednesday morning, when she was dropped off at school wearing blue jeans, a red sweater and boots. She is approx 5' 5" tall and weighs 130 pounds. She has blonde hair and green eyes.  Her hair is about half this length now. The Saint Albans Police Department is investigating. Call 9-1-1 or the department if you have any information le...    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  BREAKING NEWS: Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal problem Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling British Prime Minister's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama for refusing to pardon her father Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. - then holds hour-long phone call with Mexican president Trump doubles down on claim '3 million votes were illegal' as Pence promises Republican lawmakers 'a full evaluation'  Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Orlando police search abandoned country club for wanted man who gunned down a cop ONE WEEK ago after 'killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend' Search for suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd, 41, continued through weekend Police zeroed in on the abandoned Rosemont Country Club and a wooded area  They did not find any signs that Loyd had been there  Loyd is accused of fatally shooting Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Clayton last Monday in a Walmart parking lot Shooting happened when Clayton recognized him as being wanted in the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon  A $100,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest  Police are asking anyone who knows his location to please call 1-800-423-TIPS By Regina F. Graham For Dailymail.com Published: 09:57 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 20:35 EST, 16 January 2017 e-mail 10 shares 1 View comments Markeith Loyd (right) is a 41-year-old felon suspected of killing a police officer last week The intense manhunt for a man suspected of killing an Orlando police officer a week ago focused on an abandoned country building on Sunday.  The search for Markeith Loyd has expanded beyond Orlando since he allegedly fatally shot Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Clayton last Monday in the parking lot of a Walmart.  Clayton recognized Loyd as being the suspect wanted for the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon. Police said they searched the abandoned Rosemont Country Club and a nearby wooded area on Sunday for the 41-year-old fugitive, but did not find any signs that he had been there, WOFL reported.  That exact same area was closed off and on lock down last week when Clayton was shot and killed.   Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton (left) was shot dead outside of a Walmart last Monday allegedly by Loyd. Hours later, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis (right) was killed in a crash while searching for Loyd  Police said they searched the abandoned Rosemont Country Club and a nearby wooded area on Sunday for the 41-year-old fugitive (above on Sunday) Heavily armed officers and SWAT team members (above) did not find any signs that Loyd, who is a felon, had been there  Hundreds of law enforcement officers have been scouring the area for Loyd since the tragic shooting of Clayton, who was a mother and 17-year veteran of the force.  Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was one of the officers who was involved in the initial search for Loyd, but died when he was thrown from his patrol motorcycle hours after Clayton was killed.  On Saturday, Clayton was laid to rest on during an emotional funeral that saw hundreds of officers, friends and family members pay tribute to the fallen officer who was said to be an active member of the community and loved helping others. During the ceremony, Clayton was posthumously promoted to lieutenant, as she was remembered to be someone who made every effort to bridge the gap between law enforcement and the community.  Sade Dixon (left) was gunned down by Loyd (right) outside her home in Pine Hills, Orlando, on December 13, police say  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Body of Utah man 'lay in public park for three weeks after... California community accuses dog-hating neighbor of shooting... Share this article Share Authorities suspected that Loyd was receiving help to avoid being captured.  Police arrested three people including, one of his former supervisor's at the fried chicken restaurant where he worked, a niece and an ex-girlfriend, on charges related to helping him.   Orlando police Chief John Mina said they haven’t been cooperative. Authorities are still searching for Loyd and have increased the reward for his arrest to $100,000. He is considered to be armed and dangerous and police are asking anyone who knows his whereabouts to please call 1-800-423-TIPS.  On Saturday, Clayton was laid to rest on during an emotional funeral that saw hundreds of officers, friends and family members pay tribute to the fallen officer (above) Read more: Orlando Police, SWAT search Rosemont area for Markeith Loyd | WOFL Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat Trump calls Islamic State 'sneaky, dirty rats' during Hannity interview Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having an affair  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... 'We all know what that means': Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists,... Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling PM's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama... Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. – then... Trump hails vote fraud campaign run by Texan grandfather who boasts it has evidence of 3 million illegals... Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump says he hopes to have a 'fantastic' relationship with Putin - who he's due to talk to tomorrow - but... MORE HEADLINES Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby Theodore in his brand new bedroom at the family's Washington DC home  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Companies That Are Already Benefitting from Increased Drilling Activity Post-OPEC Cut We’re just a few days into OPEC’s production cut, and American oil companies and investors are already responding -- here's what you need to know. Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Jan 16, 2017 at 8:11AM January marks the first month of OPEC's production cut, and the oil industry is already responding. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Sean O'Reilly and Taylor Muckerman go over this week's biggest energy, materials, and industrials news. Find out how OPEC's production cut is coming along so far, and where it's likely to go from here; how the cut has indirectly affected American energy companies so far; why last year had the lowest recorded carbon emissions since 1992; a few ways investors might want to invest in the rapidly growing and evolving solar power industry; and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 5, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today is Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, so we're talking about energy, materials, and industrials. I'm joined in studio by the irreplaceable Taylor Muckerman. Happy New Year, Taylor! Taylor Muckerman: Fireworks are still going off in the studio. O'Reilly: Yeah. You know it's a fire hazard, right? You can't do that. Muckerman: Oh, really? Shoot. O'Reilly: Yeah. Muckerman: I didn't get fired yet for it. We'll change it to sparklers instead. O'Reilly: Is that a fire hazard, Austin? Sparklers? Muckerman: Nah. O'Reilly: He's shaking his head yes. That's bad. Our producer, Austin, does not approve of sparklers. Why do you have to be like that? It's Happy New Year, man, come on. He's just sitting over there with ... Austin Morgan: I don't want you guys burning down my studio. O'Reilly: Nice, OK. Doesn't he have a great radio voice, folks? Muckerman: Yeah, I think we should just give up. O'Reilly: Can you just come in here and do this and I'll just get some coffee? Morgan: I'll just take over. O'Reilly: Attaboy. You talk about hockey.  Muckerman: Well, what are we talking about? If he's talking about hockey, what are we up for today? O'Reilly: Thanks for that transition, Taylor! Look at this guy.  Muckerman: Little two-arm pass there. O'Reilly: Really quickly, I just want to mention OPEC, because it's what we do. Muckerman: Yeah. We're going to try and trim that down unless there's something major. But, new year, I feel like we have to at least briefly hit on it. O'Reilly: Well, this is the first month they're supposedly going to do the production cuts they agreed to. Muckerman: Yeah, they start the cuts. Up to 1.8 million barrels a day, including the 11 other countries that committed to -- O'Reilly: Right. The big story a couple weeks ago was that Mexico was in on it, and blah blah blah. Muckerman: And Russia, yeah. O'Reilly: I actually just saw on the wires this morning that Iraq has already cut production. They're actually doing it. Muckerman: Yeah, they're cutting medium and heavy crude, which is basically what everybody produces over there. O'Reilly: I'm mildly impressed with how everybody is actually doing what they said they would do. Muckerman: Well, we don't know the degree to the extent that they have cut. But yeah, they have started to cut, along with Oman and Kuwait as well. There's at least three out of the OPEC members. O'Reilly: We're 10% there, yay.  Muckerman: Yeah. We don't know much about the other countries. Mexico wasn't necessarily cutting; they were just expecting a natural decline of oil wells, without having the replacement there. But of those 11, all eyes are on Russia, who hasn't begun to cut or provided any guidance of when they might decide to. O'Reilly: I get the distinct impression that Russia views the world as being on a need-to-know basis. Muckerman: Yeah. I think maybe they're waiting to see what happens when everyone else cuts, and if prices rise, they're probably going to be like, "Well, you know what? Thanks, guys!" O'Reilly: Well, you know that Saudi Arabia already increased their prices -- you know how they set monthly prices to Asia and the U.S. and stuff. They already upped it a little bit because of the cut. They're like, "We cut production, so we're upping the price." Muckerman: Yeah, upping prices. But we mentioned this a couple weeks ago, straight from the mouth of the former Saudi Arabian oil minister talking about OPEC and their previous cuts, saying, "We tend to cheat." So, we'll be surprised to see 100% of that 1.8 million barrels per day cut. Analysts I've seen, a Goldman Sachs analyst says he believes around 84% of that total will be achieved. I've seen as low as 70%. O'Reilly: Well, before the holiday, you said "historically." You said, you usually get about two-thirds? Over the last 40 years or whatever. Muckerman: Yeah, I think it falls right in that 60%-75% range. O'Reilly: If we got 83%, that'd be a win. Muckerman: Yeah, historically, it would be a win. O'Reilly: Good for them. Moving on, very briefly, to our likely next Secretary of State under the Donald Trump presidential administration -- Muckerman: Still to be confirmed, but moving in that direction. O'Reilly: Likely. Muckerman: Likely. No one else has been named, not even close. O'Reilly: Plus he's a really good negotiator. I didn't know he had this much money, but I guess I should have assumed. Muckerman: Yeah, he's been there since he started his career. O'Reilly: So he's handing over control of $250 million worth of ExxonMobil shares, and his net worth is like $400 million. Cool. Muckerman: Yeah, he's disclosed about $400 million in assets. That includes pension and stock he owned and the $180 million payout he's set to receive simply for becoming the Secretary of State. O'Reilly: It's good to be the king. Muckerman: Yeah, not too shabby. But on top of that, he has holdings in several other oil companies, producers, service companies. You're looking at Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron, Schlumberger (NYSE:SLB), [General Electric]. Didn't necessarily disclose the full value of those. But yeah, guys, he's an energy man, quite clearly. O'Reilly: With a name like Rex Tillerson, how could it be otherwise? Muckerman: Yeah, that's wildcatter through and through. O'Reilly: You name a kid that because you think he's going to be an oil man. Muckerman: Yeah. It's like having a kid you want to be a wrestler and never letting him lay down on his back. That's basically what happens when you name your kid Rex Tillerson. O'Reilly: Boom. Moving on to the oil market, the OPEC cut is actually having its desired effect, at least for the price of oil. But that, of course, has side effects, like the increased drilling activity here domestically in the United States. Going to happen. Saudi knew it. It is what it is.  Muckerman: It's already happening. We saw production pick up later in the year of 2016. You'd imagine it will. O'Reilly: And refresh my memory, I think U.S. production dropped about a million barrels? We were at about 9.6 million and it dropped to 8.6 million? Muckerman: Something like that, yeah. O'Reilly: But Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) is hiring 200 workers in, unsurprisingly, the Permian Basin. I think you sent me this article? Muckerman: Yeah. That's the hotness. O'Reilly: They laid off a ton of people, though. Muckerman: Yeah. Last year, if you looked at the announced layoffs -- O'Reilly: Thousands. Tens of thousands. Muckerman: -- energy services companies were the worst by far. Schlumberger had two of the top five largest announced layoffs last year, and Halliburton was also right up there. So yeah, I don't know if here's our new jobs, but either they're shifting 200 to the Permian, or they're announcing actually hiring 200 new folks. O'Reilly: I wasn't particularly impressed with this. One, it's like, 200 guys. Who are we kidding? Hundreds of thousands of people have lost their jobs. Two, it's in the Permian. Not surprising at all, either. The other headline we were talking about before we came in here was drillers capping their record year for stock sales with a huge bump in December, which is, again, not surprising because OPEC gave the oil industry a wonderful Thanksgiving present. Muckerman: Yes, they did. O'Reilly: This seems like a slightly bigger deal. Muckerman: Yes. You're looking at these companies going out there. Mostly, these are small to mid-sized companies. You're not seeing big equity raises from the integrated, or anything like [EOG Resources] or [Pioneer Energy Services]. O'Reilly: Plus, they don't need the cash, but they have a little bit of an opening, and they need to raise money. Muckerman: Yeah. So you have [Diamondback Energy] raising money to purchase assets in West Texas. Gulfport Energy raised some money to buy assets in Oklahoma. There are a few other companies out there as well. You look at a record year for issuances by oil and gas producers: $31.3 billion in 2016, which is twice as much as you saw in 2015. O'Reilly: That is amazing. What was it in 2014? Muckerman: 2014, not off the top of my head. O'Reilly: Still, that's crazy. Muckerman: Yeah. Just in December alone, they raised about -- O'Reilly: And this was equity, not debt. Muckerman: Yeah, this was all equity. O'Reilly: That is staggering to me. Muckerman: Some were paying down debt, but most of them, I think, are just gearing up, not necessarily to immediately drill, but they think it's about time, so they're padding the wall here. O'Reilly: Yeah, that does seem to be in effect. Muckerman: And it might prove prescient, because right now, you're looking at expectations that the cost of drilling and fracking is going to rise about 20% this year, simply because companies like Halliburton and Schlumberger and Baker Hughes and [Weatherford International], the services companies, gave pricing concessions over the last couple years to help these drillers maintain a low cost per barrel to produce, so that they could actually do some drilling. They're probably going to try and claw that back. On top of that, higher demand in general, the services are going to be stretched because of the layoffs that we talked about. So you're looking at, maybe, up to a 20% increase in the price of fracking, which could add up to $10 per barrel to the base cost. O'Reilly: Yeah. Was that a month ago that you first mentioned that? We've talked about it before. Muckerman: I've had it in my mind for a little while. Yeah, those price concessions were pretty serious. O'Reilly: They've been nice, but now they want to make money, too. Muckerman: Absolutely. And these producers, they can't acquire the oil and natural gas without these companies. So they're the bottleneck, and if they don't get the prices they want, you know what? O'Reilly: Game over. So, Mr. Muckerman... Muckerman: What? O'Reilly: We're going to go from guys getting oil out of the ground to the next stage of what might be how the world is powered with energy. Carbon emissions for 2016, we just found out, are expected to be the lowest since 1992. What were you doing in 1992, Taylor? Muckerman: Well, let's see. I was 7. O'Reilly: You were playing Power Rangers. Muckerman: Probably playing outside and harnessing the power of the sun myself. Vitamin D. O'Reilly: I have to think that a lot of this is just because of way more efficient cars. Muckerman: Efficient cars, yeah, that's big. The switch from coal to natural gas to generate power in the United States. We saw, this year, for the first time ever, natural gas overtook coal as the largest provider of fuel to create electricity. So that's a big thing. And I think people drove a lot more this year because gas is so cheap. I don't have the exact specifics on me. O'Reilly: There were statistics. It's a calculation, like, do we fly or drive? Especially if you have a family of four, it's very price-dependent. And gas was cheap. Muckerman: When you start keeping Volkswagen honest, you get down to the bottom of it, and you take all those older cars off the street that were polluting more than we thought -- O'Reilly: Wait, are you implying that Volkswagen is the reason for this drop?  Muckerman: Quite possibly. Maybe they should be lauded now instead of... O'Reilly: There were a lot of Volkswagen Jettas included in this, now that you mention that. Muckerman: Yeah, millions! Globally. I don't know about how many were impacted in the U.S. But yeah. Big deal. O'Reilly: Also a part of it might be -- and we talked about this before -- but solar power is on the rise in Texas in 2016. That's, of course, the other part of this. Also, I don't know if you saw, fool.com writer Travis Hoium, he recently wrote a piece about how Las Vegas is entirely green now for their energy. Muckerman: No kidding? O'Reilly: Yeah. They're in a desert, so it's like, what are you going to do? Muckerman: So that hockey stadium is going to be completely solar powered? O'Reilly: Yeah. Isn't that nice? But, same deal in Texas. Desert land, nothing grows, let's put up some solar panels. Muckerman: They're catching up to California and Nevada in terms of solar installations. I think this was the strongest year ever for them. O'Reilly: It's also fun for them, because there's three power grids nationally in the United States. There's the Eastern grid, the Western grid, and Texas. Muckerman: I had no idea. O'Reilly: They have their own power grid. Muckerman: I wonder who negotiated that. O'Reilly: Well, think about the Texas mentality. "We could have been our own country if we wanted to." Muckerman: Could have been. They probably will one day. Who knows? But yeah, you're looking at 77% of all the solar that was installed in Q3. Q3 was twice as big as Q2 of 2016, in terms of installations, and three times as big as Q3 of 2015, so year over year, three times more in terms of solar power capacity was installed in Q3. You're looking at great expectations for Q4. We haven't seen those results out yet. But, about three-quarters of the Q3 installations were of the utility-scale variety. So that means you're looking at potential companies like First Solar or SunPower really benefiting there. O'Reilly: The price dropped this past year. A lot of the solar stocks you're talking about just now, their stocks aren't doing that great because they're having to cut prices because, at the end of the day, it's a hardware commodity. This is what happened with computers. If memory serves, the prices of these solar cells were dropping 10% to 20% last year. This isn't surprising at all. Muckerman: Yeah, they're down big, and obviously the market is responding by increasing the demand. You're seeing the parity start to creep up in terms of it costing the same or less to use solar power. O'Reilly: So I do need to ask, because it lends itself to what we were talking about before -- the switch from coal to natural gas is obviously awesome, lower emissions, etc. Should natural gas be worried now? Muckerman: Because of solar power and wind power? No, I don't think so. Right now, you're looking at natural gas being the baseload provider. O'Reilly: Because you do need it overnight. The sun sets. Muckerman: In terms of aggregate, I'm pretty sure natural gas is -- O'Reilly: Here to stay. Muckerman: -- multiples above solar and wind right now. That being said, they're catching up. You are talking about doubling and tripling growth quarter over quarter, year over year. That's pretty meaningful. And I don't really see it slowing down. If you talk about reduced costs and utility scale, that's what it's going after. O'Reilly: They're getting efficient, too. The cheap cells are, like, 19% efficient now. Which, 10 years ago, 10% efficiency was a big deal. The more expensive super-quality cells are in the 23% efficiency ranges. It's getting good, if you want to do something like this. Muckerman: And I don't know how many homes there are in the United States, but enough solar capacity was installed, supposedly, they're predicting, once they get Q4 numbers. O'Reilly: I think there's 110, 120 million households. I'm talking about census data. I could be wrong. I don't know how many houses that is, because you have single people in there, too. Muckerman: Yeah. So, arguably, you have a long way to go. But in 2016 alone, they estimate that enough was installed to power 2.3 million homes. That's a pretty decent number. O'Reilly: I was going to guess 1 million. That's high. Wow, cool. Gosh, is there any way for us to make money off of this? Muckerman: Well, I think we had a podcast sponsor a while back, I think it was something like a way to invest in -- O'Reilly: Oh, Wunder Capital. Muckerman: Wunder Capital, yeah, a way to invest in a portfolio of solar. O'Reilly: You could also say the solar yieldcos. Muckerman: Or you just look out for solar, SunPower, SolarCity -- well, I guess [Tesla Motors] (NASDAQ:TSLA) now, because SolarCity is no longer public. O'Reilly: You have these facilities, and they're used to making solar cells at certain costs, and they're the older cells now that are being outmoded, so they're currently switching over to the higher-efficiency ones. So I think the next year or two for the solar guys is going to be rough, but long-term, I think if they can keep up with the efficiencies, they'll be OK. Muckerman: Yeah. And if you want to check out that article Sean mentioned, it's by Travis Hoium, published in the middle of December, titled "U.S. Solar Record Installations: The Future Is Getting Brighter for Clean Energy," and I can't think of anybody better to read than Travis Hoium if you want to learn about solar. O'Reilly: Yeah, on fool.com, he's our solar guy right now. Muckerman: As long as I've been at the Fool, he's been covering that industry, not exclusively, but I would place that 75%-85% of his time is spent on solar. O'Reilly: Yeah, that and harking on Tesla. We love you, Travis.  Muckerman: And now Tesla's part of the solar regime with their acquisition of SolarCity, the Gigafactory is up and running, only around 15%-20% capacity. O'Reilly: Yeah, I got a push notification yesterday, I was like, "You didn't tell us, what?" Muckerman: They're producing lithium batteries, and then the Powerwall, which they're selling -- O'Reilly: That's the trick, of course, with solar and wind -- how do you store this energy, if you don't need it right then? Muckerman: Tesla might be on the way to figuring it out, at least for the residential side of the business. O'Reilly: Sweet. Well, thank you for your time, Taylor! Muckerman: Thank you! O'Reilly: See you next week! Muckerman: Yes, sir! O'Reilly: Well, that is it for us, folks. If you're a loyal listener and have questions or comments, we would love to hear from you, just email us at industryfocus@fool.com. As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks that they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against those stocks, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear on this program. For Taylor Muckerman, I am Sean O'Reilly. Thanks for listening, and Fool on! Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Halliburton and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of EOG Resources, ExxonMobil, General Electric, and Halliburton. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Follow @t_Muckerman Taylor is an Associate GM in our Fool International operations. Prior to that he covered all things Energy + Materials as an analyst. Over the years, he has built an investing skill set to rely on when evaluating companies inside and out. While at the Fool, he has made appearances on CNBC and Fox Business. In addition, he completed his MBA at the University of Maryland and will sit for the Level II CFA Exam. Article Info Jan 16, 2017 at 8:11AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA $252.95 up $0.44 (0.17%) Schlumberger NYSE:SLB $84.50 down $0.38 (-0.45%) Halliburton NYSE:HAL $58.21 up $0.15 (0.26%) Read More This Bakken Shale Oil Stock Doubled in 2016, but It Has Plenty of Fuel for Another Run in 2017 The First Signs of a Rapid Shale Recovery Showed Up in Helmerich & Payne's Earnings Report Increased Revenue for Baker Hughes Shows the First Sign of a Recovery Top Water Stocks to Buy in 2017 -- and the Ones to Avoid 3 Things Enbridge Has to Prove in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Companies That Are Already Benefitting from Increased Drilling Activity Post-OPEC Cut @themotleyfool #stocks $TSLA, $SLB, $HAL
7:43 PM Fri, Jan. 27th Weather  31.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Neighbors Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Newsletter Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submissions Subscriber Services (Start / Stop) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Chief: Prescott officers, dispatchers ‘prevented certain tragedy’ Black commends her staff for stopping a potential mass killing Photo by Cindy Barks. Prescott Police Chief Debora Black, left, presents a commendation to city police officers, detectives, and dispatchers who responded to a Dec. 3 potential active-shooter situation at the Highway 69 Wal-Mart in Prescott. Black says effective response by local police and dispatch employees prevented a mass-shooting tragedy. By Cindy Barks Originally Published: January 16, 2017 5:59 a.m. Share Tweet Cindy_Barks PRESCOTT – Prescott Police Chief Debora Black evoked images of past mass-shootings around the country this week, when she commended local police officers and dispatchers for averting a similar tragedy in Prescott. “Aurora, Columbine, Charleston, Sandy Hook, Orlando, Tucson, and just last week, Ft. Lauderdale, and so many others,” Black said during a presentation at a Prescott City Council meeting Jan. 10, for officers and dispatchers who responded to a potential active shooter at the Highway 69 Walmart on Dec. 3, 2016. Noting that “Our first thought when we hear this long list of cities … is about the common tragedy they have all experienced,” Black commended the local officers and dispatchers for ensuring that “it did not happen in Prescott.” She added that public-safety professionals have long trained for such an incident “while we pray it never happens in our city.” On Dec. 3 – the same day that the community was gearing up for Prescott’s annual Christmas Parade and Courthouse Lighting – Black said, “Due to a citizen who saw something and said something, and the immediate and effective response of the men and woman who stand here today, it did not happen in Prescott.” The commendation notes that the response began with a 911 call, reporting that a Walmart employee had left the store after becoming disgruntled, only to return later with a rifle. Dispatchers initially worked to get information from the store manager, and then kept officers up-to-date throughout the incident, Black said. When located by officers, the Wal-Mart employee (later identified as Ebonice Johnson) repeatedly said “shoot me,” and “I want to die,” and failed to obey the officers’ commands to keep her hands up, according to the commendation. Still, officers continued negotiations with Johnson, as they approached her, while keeping her “under lethal cover,” the commendation said, and ultimately placed her in handcuffs. “The suspect was taken into custody without any injury, and officers located a rifle outside the store along with a knife and instruments used to light a fire,” Black said, adding that Johnson later admitted to officers that “she intended on killing employees inside the store.” The commendation concluded: “The dispatchers, officers and detectives present on Dec. 3 performed extraordinarily and prevented certain tragedy due to their actions.” The commendation was presented to: Lead Police Officer Matt Medina; Field Training Officer Arron Jennison; Officers Troy Crawford, David Holmes, Jessica Hugus, and Andrew Thatcher; Detectives Jeremy Brazell, John Hanna, and Jack Shapiro; Dispatch Supervisor Vivian Marcott; and Dispatchers Jennifer Bass, Billie Denike, Sarah O’Brien, Desiree Ortiz y Davis, and Yasmine Sealy. Follow Cindy Barks on Twitter @Cindy_Barks. Reach her at 928-445-3333, ext. 2034. Sign in to favorite this Contact Us More like this story 100 DAYS ON THE JOB: First female chief: smooth transition from metro police force to Prescott New Prescott police chief sworn in County Attorney will not file charges in officer-involved shooting in Chino Valley Woman arrested after threatening coworkers, store with a rifle, a knife, and a torch New Prescott Police Chief to start work in July SUBMIT FEEDBACK Click Below to: File a Rant or Rave about this story Ask us a question Submit a letter to the editor Send us a news tip or story idea MOST READ 7 days 30 days Detectives find body, suspect it’s victim of a cold case The Latest: Trumps dance with military members at final ball Panhandler chokes, robs 88-year-old man Jury: Suspect not guilty in teen’s death 1,200 encircle courthouse in Prescott Womens's March (VIDEO & GALLERY) Third storm forecast to hit as early as this afternoon DPS: Don’t travel across northern Arizona today School delays Tuesday, Jan, 24 Two killed in Humboldt single-vehicle rollover Homicide trial for death of Prescott Valley teen nearing verdict Missing man found dead Body of missing Prescott Valley man found Police arrest barricaded child abuse suspect Bobcat put down after attacking four people in Sedona Unusual animals stop traffic in Williamson Valley The Latest: Trumps dance with military members at final ball Detectives find body, suspect it’s victim of a cold case Driver allegedly drags police officer, arrested for aggravated assault Looming winter storm requires prep Need 2 Know: Prescott Valley Crossroads getting two new developments; Soldi Creative Cuisine closing; Mogies reopening SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Newsletter Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Daily Courier and Western News&Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.641.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » local FBI Release Suspect Information In 1999 Child Abduction, Molestation Case Updated January 16, 2017 7:41 AM | Filed under: Crime  Print    Archive    RSS (UNDATED) - Federal authorities say a man charged in the 1999 abduction and sexual assault of a Seymour girl assumed the identity of a car crash victim as he avoided arrest until this week in Oregon. FBI agents arrested 61-year-old Charles Hollin at a Walmart Supercenter where he was working on Tuesday. Hollin is formerly of Clearsprings, Indiana. He had been living under the name of an Indiana boy who had been killed in a car accident in 1975. Hollin subsequently obtained driver's licenses in three states, a Social Security card and a U.S. passport in the dead boy's name, according to an FBI agent's affidavit. U.S. Attorney Josh Minkler says investigators tracked down Hollin, after he was identified through facial recognition software of his passport photograph. Hollin faces state charges of child molestation and confinement for the attack on the 10-year-old girl. He also faces federal charges of identity theft and fleeing prosecution. Authorities say Hollin was living in Oregon as Andrew David Hall, an 8-year-old boy who died from a 1975 crash in Fayette County, Kentucky. The crime: According to court records, the 10-year-old girl was alone January 20, 1999, waiting outside the old Girls Inc. facility on West Second Street. Hollin asked her to come to his car, where he told her he had locked his keys inside and needed her help. When they got close to the car, police say Hollin cupped his hand over the girl's mouth and showed her a knife and threatened to kill her if she didn't come with him. He then made her put a stocking mask over her head and drove away to an undisclosed location, undressed her and sexually assaulted her. He then forced the girl, who was naked, out of his car, leaving her on an isolated road as he sped off, tossing her belongings out of the car as he drove away. The girl was later picked up by a passing motorist. When police went to the scene, they found the girl's belongings, as well as a coat, which had a day planner with Charles Hollin's name on it. Hollin told police the coat had been stolen out of his vehicle. FBI Agent Todd D. Prewitt wrote in the affidavit, that DNA samples from Hollin's car and coat and from the victim's coat, showed that Hollin was a match for the sample. Fibers on both coats matched the inside of Hollin's car. The Jackson County prosecutor charged Hollin with two felony counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three felony counts of child molestation. But when investigators went to arrest him, he had disappeared. When investigators interviewed Hollin's friends and co-workers, they learned he was an avid reader of detective magazines and had claimed to have many ways to disguise his identity, including fake hair pieces and mustaches. Hollin told his co-workers he knew the victim had identified him in a police lineup. He asked others if they would "'pull a Houdini" if they were facing charges, according to police interviews. "It would be better to be alienated on some tropical island somewhere than in a 10x10 jail cell," Hollins told his co-workers, according to court documents. "If you want to, and you know how, you can become someone else just like that." Police have spent 16 years trying to find and arrest Hollin. It wasn't until late last year, on December 20, that a facial analysis comparison test confirmed a "most likely'' candidate match between Hollin and "Andrew David Hall'' via a U.S. passport application photograph. Investigators learned the original Andrew David Hall was an 8-year-old boy who had been hit by a car and killed in Kentucky in 1975. The application indicated Hall had applied for a passport on April 26, 2007, to travel to China. The application said Hall was born in Massachusetts. He was able to get the driver's licenses, Social Security number and passport using the dead boy's name because on Hall's death certificate, the box for Social Security number was never filled in, FBI agent Prewitt wrote in his affidavit. A subsequent search of Accurint, a database tool used by government, police and commercial customers, showed Hall was possibly living in Oregon. FBI agents pulled Hall's birth certificate and found he had applied for a Social Security card on Feb. 18, 1988, at age 20, which was unusual, according to the Social Security Administration. Further investigation turned up that Hall had gotten a driver's license in Indiana on April 29, 1999, four months after the abduction of the 10-year-old girl. The driver's license information matched Hollin's height and weight and hair and eye color, the federal affidavit says. Indiana couldn't locate any photographs for the driver's license, the FBI agent wrote. It appears when Hollin got the Indiana license in Hall's name that the state didn't have the capacity to keep the motor vehicle license photos and couldn't use them for future facial recognition technology, says Tim Horty, a spokesman in the U.S. Attorney's Office in Indiana. Agents suspect Hollin, using Hall's name and driver's license, moved to Minnesota and got a Minnesota driver's license there in August 2001 before moving to Oregon and getting an Oregon driver's license on March 29, 2011. "This case is a prime example of the tenacity of the FBI," W. Jay Abbott, Indianapolis FBI Special Agent in Charge, says in a press release. "The public should be assured the FBI will not stop seeking justice for innocent victims." If convicted on the federal charges, Hollin faces up to eight years imprisonment, according to Assistant United States Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. If convicted on the Jackson County charges, Hollin could face decades in prison. Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2017 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Saturday 28 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Analysis, Interviews, Opinions   » ANALYSIS Three predictions for the future of retail DAVOS, Switzerland, 11 days ago By Doug McMillon What will shopping be like in 10 years? No one knows all the details (that’s exciting!), but one thing is for sure: it will be very different than it is today. History is clear about that. In the mid-19th century, most people in the US were shopping at small markets. They would tell the manager what they wanted, and then wait for the item to be retrieved from the back or from the supplier. After that came the urban department store, supermarkets, then strip malls and discount stores. Today, the pace of change is rapid. Ten years ago most customers were reading about the original iPhone, and wondering whether it would be useful. Now they expect to order something on their mobiles, have it delivered or pick it up in store – often on the same day, in a few hours, or even in a few minutes. It’s up to retailers to adapt to these changes – and in some areas even lead the way – or they’ll fall behind and disappear. Here’s what customers can expect their shopping experiences to be like 10 years from now: 1. Customer empowerment and even greater influence Customer satisfaction has always been the number one goal for retailers, and in the future, customers will be more empowered than ever to drive the change they want, as they get more control over their shopping experience. Technology – the internet, mobile and analytics – is being used to do anything and everything a customer doesn’t want to. Customers want to explore. But they need to have easy access to items they choose to use all the time. The historic trade-off between price and service has been altered by technology and customers expect to save time and enjoy the experience while saving money. They’ll fulfil their everyday needs – items like laundry detergent, paper, light bulbs, grocery staples and shampoo – in the easiest way possible through a combination of stores, e-commerce, pick-up, delivery and supported by artificial intelligence. Customer desires – think emerging fashion, fresh produce, and items they’ve never seen before – will still be fun to explore in stores as well as with technology (think virtual reality). Retailers that provide a truly unique, enjoyable experience and prepare their associates to provide excellent service will have the advantage. At Walmart we already see the value customers place on personalization and convenience, through our success with grocery pick-up and delivery in several markets around the world. With the growth of the internet of things, customers will enjoy an increasingly connected or “smart” shopping experience through a network of connections linking the physical and digital worlds into an ecosystem of devices, including vehicles, stores and software. The internet of things, drones, delivery robots, 3D-printing and self-driving cars will allow retailers to further automate and optimize supply chains too. Both sides of the equation – demand and supply – will change dramatically. In addition, customers will continue to demand transparency around pricing and the supply chain. They’ll have less time to research the products they buy – but they’ll care even more about how they are sourced. They’ll choose to shop with retailers who provide that transparency so they can feel good about the items they purchase. This will require retailers to work with manufacturers to source items responsibly and sustainably. Retailers who do this and share the information will further earn customers’ trust. 2. I’ve seen what you have and I want it, too Customers all over the world now know, and can see, what people in other countries have, and they want access to it all. And they want it now. Chinese customers want access to Louis Vuitton bags from France and milk from Australia. Not long ago on a visit to Nigeria and Ghana, I asked one of our local store managers what his one wish would be. His answer: “I want you to put a Walmart Supercenter like the ones you have in the US right here and let me run it. My customers and my family have seen what you have and we want it, too. We want those items at those prices.” As Tom Friedman taught us, the world got flat and now it’s moving fast. The world needs inclusive growth provided in a sustainable manner. People are demanding it. 3. Shared value With all these changes, retailers will only survive if their business creates shared value that benefits shareholders and society. Social and environmental sustainability will be engineered into our systems, and that will strengthen the communities in which we operate, which will in turn appeal to customers. These changes, however, will require new levels of cooperation and collaboration between retailers and NGOs, governments and educational institutions. Basically, we’ll design retail and other businesses so that all stakeholders (as many as possible) benefit: customers, associates/employees, shareholders, the communities we serve and those in the supply chain. At Walmart, we’ve already found that investments in training, education and wages for our associates have resulted in higher customer satisfaction. Our customers want our associates to have a great life and they want to see that reflected in their attitudes and the service they provide. When it comes to environmental sustainability, retailers and policy-makers face new challenges with the increase in packaging waste and emissions that comes with the growth of e-commerce. Shipping packages one at a time is not only wasteful and environmentally unsustainable, it isn’t cost-effective. The demand for convenience will force retailers to come up with new ways to ship items – in batches vs. one at a time –that are better for business and the environment. While all these changes pose big challenges for retailers, they also represent unprecedented opportunities to innovate on behalf of customers and create new job opportunities for retail associates. I can’t think of a more exciting time to be in retail, to be at the forefront of change and part of an industry that has the potential to provide a better life for millions around the world. Doug McMillon is president and CEO of US retail chain Walmart. This article is part of the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2017. The views expressed in this article are those of the author alone and not the World Economic Forum.   Tags: retail | Davos | Walmart | More Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Stories We could have superhero vision by 2022: IBM Protectionism may lead to stronger dollar, lower oil prices Reason for optimism as Saudi deficit set to narrow Cloud adoption up, but firms not maximising value Dubai's Moral Machine throws up some surprises at Davos Mideast M&A activity set for major increase 98pc of Gen Z consumers still shop in-store Retailers ‘slow to embrace digital transformation’ 2016 marks Earth’s hottest year on record Global oil giants heading in different directions in Mena Dubai 'still hot property market for GCC investors' The future of enterprise mobility in the Middle East Building a future that is smart, clean and sustainable Everything you need to know about Davos 2017 Smart card ‘keys’ crucial to maintaining security iPhone at 10: the revolution continues 6 technology trends that could affect SMEs in 2017 Iran ‘lacking capital, technology to boost oil output’ GCC real estate sector shines amid global gloom Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Sections Home Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Experts Sign up Login About Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Experts Sign up Login About Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Facebook Twitter59.2k Pinterest152k Google Plus5.5k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Media Kit AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Family 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Log in Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out SECTIONS What would you like to know? New Hot Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: PARENTING Taking micronutrient supplements during pregnancy may lead to smarter kids PREVIOUS STORY The Obamas (adorably) visit the new home of Malia and Sasha's swing set NEXT STORY This is how I really reacted when my son told me he was gay 1 week ago by Denise Riches, SheKnows Expert If you're a girly-girl who is going along on a camping trip because everyone else is going (but your idea of camping is a 5-star hotel), I can make you look like the Queen of All Things Camping. If you're a tom-boy at heart, I can help y... View Profile Image: Braden Barwich/Getty Print My son was afraid to tell me he was gay because it was a lifestyle I didn't accept Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media From SheKnows Canada Originally written on October 7, 2015. A little over 15 years ago, our first, beautiful baby boy was born. We couldn't wait for him to talk. Then when he could talk, we couldn't wait for him to shut up (parents of talkative kids, you KNOW what I mean. I love him dearly, but omgwouldyoupleasebequietforfiveminutes instead of tellingthecashieryourlifestory.) He wasn't a sporty kid, and although I always encouraged him to give it a try, to join a team; he just wasn't interested. I was okay with that. He loved Thomas the Tank Engine, Transformers, and when he was fixated on something, he went ALL the way with it. I will never forget his obsession with weather, and how he had to set up a mini weather station out on our back deck. His grades? Never been a problem. Very responsible kid; we could trust him with a house key at 10, and watching his younger brother for maybe an hour when he was 11. Dependable, smart, trustworthy... there just aren't enough positive adjectives to describe him. He had a crush on a classmate since grade one. They became close friends, went on dates to school dances. Then when I asked him one day, he didn't like her "that way" anymore. No reason, just not interested. Then he became quiet and sullen. I tried not to look too much into it. He was 15. I was the same way in my adolescent years. I knew it couldn't be us as parents, we were always telling him how proud of him we were (and are), always asking him about his day, what's going on in his life. We have these conversations at the dinner table nearly every night as a way to stay in touch and reconnect. We've always been supportive of his interests and decisions, and encouraging him in any way possible. He was so quiet, I was getting tired of hearing myself ask him the same question over and over again, "Are you okay? Do you want to talk?" He always had plenty to Facetime his friends about, but God forbid his father or I try to make him laugh. I could not, for the life of me, figure it out. He began to wear this worried look on his face ... well, maybe worry, with a look of guilt too. Again, didn't want to pry. He's a teenager, I'm a parent. I know my place. If he needs to talk, he will. We've raised him to know that. We went on our beloved camping trip this past summer. Things became serious when he wasn't even looking forward to our trip. We were nearly there, and he asked for a big hug, in a Walmart parking lot, as we picked up a couple of things. He apologized for being depressed, and I told him that the fresh air and a week of campfires would do him good. Two days in, about to head to the beach as a family and get into our rented canoe, he asked me for another hug. He started crying into my shoulder. Wtf? I asked my husband to take our other son and go ahead, we'd meet up with them. I was bound and determined to get to the bottom of this, which was not unlike putting toothpaste back into the tube. After several minutes of tears, and hesitation, and deep breaths, and him telling me he was sure I would hate him (I even told him I had a feeling I knew what he wanted to tell me, but that he was going to have to say the words), I needed to do or say something to relieve the tension. I jokingly asked if he'd gotten a girl pregnant. I knew that was NOT it, and the look of horrified shock on his face told me I had done what needed to be done in order to move this along. "I'm gay." This was in August, and I'm still having a hard time even typing the words. Saying the words out loud is like trying to speak a foreign language, even still. God, I don't know how I pulled the strength together to be okay that day. I smiled, and hugged him, hard, and told him I loved him, no matter what. That's my job as his mother. It wasn't a lie then, and it isn't now. My husband and I spent a LOT of time talking about this, once our son told him later the same day. We went for walks, talking, discussing, asking questions of each other, sharing our dread over telling highly-religious family members. I cried when I was alone in the shower, I cried myself to sleep, I cried every single time I thought about it. I crumpled to the ground and sobbed like a baby on our favourite beach in the world, mourning the wedding dreams I had for him, mourning the "bride" I would never meet, much less go wedding dress shopping with. Mourning the biological grandchildren I will never have from him. Mourning all the dreams and hopes and wishes I've had for him since the day he was born. I couldn't catch my breath and my husband held me, and tried to comfort me the best way he could think of. He had no idea how to do this because it's not something you plan for. Even as I write this, the tears are spilling down my cheeks. More: I'm using baby dolls to teach my daughter about racial bias He was afraid to tell me, because it's never been a lifestyle I've accepted. I have had gay friends (and been deeply hurt and disappointed when it became obvious.) Sometimes you know, but don't admit it to yourself. With my son, there were always little things, but not enough to make us choose one side of the fence over the other. God works in mysterious ways, doesn't He? "You don't accept this way of life? Well, missy, let me fix your little red wagon!" That's exactly what it feels like. And my son waited six years to tell me, as he struggled to come to terms with feeling different, and really, really not understanding why. To be honest, I'm not sure if any of us, even him, understand WHY. The only solace I get from this — besides the fact that immediately after telling us he became a much happier kid, which is really the best part of all of this — is that he was honest and told us this is not something he wanted. He never wanted to be gay. He never wanted to be different. He agreed with me when I explained how I now felt about his wedding. He said he had always had the same dreams too, if he ever decided to get married. It's been three months. On the homefront, absolutely nothing has changed except my husband and I watch our comments and jokes a little more closely. He's just shared his news over Facebook. My heart breaks every time I think about how he's felt every day since he's realized it for himself, and he's had NO ONE. But it feels like it's way too soon to be sharing it. I'm still not used to the whole lifestyle switcheroo here, can I get some time to catch up? He's full steam ahead, and we're still reeling, even if it's not something we are constantly discussing. More: Yes I yell at my kids too much, but I'm working on it I can't say I understand how he's felt all of this time, while slowly making the realization, and then fearing telling his friends, and then finally, telling his immediate family. There are still many people who don't know and others who will open their mouths well before they should. But I will fiercely defend him if he needs me to, like the mama bear I am and have always been. I'm still dealing with this, but there is no way anyone, family or not, is going to make him feel like he is inferior or less of a human being. If that happens, our relationship is over with them, then and there. I'm finding it to be a very difficult place for a parent to be supportive, absolutely, but you cannot shake the lingering questions and all of the second-guessing. Did I do or say something? Did I give enough love and support? Did I give too much? What makes this happen? Will he see heaven someday? Is he doomed? Am I doomed for having these thoughts about my own son? Holy f&%#, what kind of a mom am I to think this shit? All of these equally rational and ridiculous questions make my head spin and this might be why I don't dwell on it for too long, if I can help it. I don't have any of the answers. And no matter how bad the questions we have, my fantastic kid just smiles and says, "I know, Mom. I have felt the exact same way you feel." More: My 8-year old downloaded porn — here's how we handled it But I am thankful for that vacation we spent together as a family. Even with as much crying as I did. We became closer to each other than we ever have been before. My son is a young man, and that camping trip literally made him grow up before my eyes. He is more and more like an adult every day, and it is so hard to let go of the little boy he once was. He still pulls the teenager stuff that all other teenagers pull: trying to get away with things and be sneaky about other things, but for the most part, we talk as adults now. It's refreshing and scary and new, all at the same time. To friends of mine who may have gay children, or be gay themselves, please forgive me for my ignorance. I don't know if I'll ever be "okay" with the gay lifestyle, but right now, I am okay with my son being gay, and right now, that is all that matters. As supportive as we are, it would still be nice to discuss this with someone who's been there. What would you do if your child told you they were gay? Originally posted on BlogHer. Tagged in experts among us parenting Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter59.2k Pinterest152k Google Plus5.5k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Family Slideshows 29 printable Valentine's Day coloring pages 20 gifts for Baby's first Valentine's Day 25 apps no busy mom should go without Everything the pregnant woman on bed rest needs Subscribe to SheKnows Parenting Get our best mom advice and ideas. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles Teaching Your Kids Kindness Under a Trump Administration by Meredith Bland 5 hours ago The rise of solo travel is redefining what it means to be a woman alone by The Katie Show Blog, SheKnows Expert 6 hours ago Why you should talk to yourself during your workout by Karena Dawn and Katrina Scott, SheKnows Expert 8 hours ago Today's Big Stories Robin Thicke Hit with Restraining Order in Custody Battle with Paula Patton 10 Funniest Tweets from Parents This Week Best apps for reproductive health now that we're basically on our own Hot New in Parenting Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes!
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 8,463 303 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Crime-courts Vacaville police search for woman after sexual assault reports By Ian Thompson From page A5 | January 18, 2017 Vacaville Police released this photo of a person they say groped an employee at the Walmart on Helen Power Drive, on Sunday. (Vacaville Police Department courtesy photo) VACAVILLE — Police are looking for the woman who allegedly groped two female employees and a male customer at the Walmart on Helen Power Drive during the holiday weekend. The first incident happened at 11:30 a.m. Sunday when police said the woman groped a female sales associate and left the store before police arrived. The suspect returned at about 10:30 a.m. Monday and allegedly groped another female sales associate before leaving. She allegedly groped a man in the parking lot after leaving the store. The parking lot incident was reported to store employees. Police are asking the male victim to come forward and contact them. Both times, the woman was last seen walking toward the rear of the old Sports Authority building. She is described as a white woman, about 45 years old, 5 feet 5 inches tall, weighing about 160 pounds with a medium build. She has brown hair and brown eyes, according to police. Any other victims or anyone with information should call Special Victims Unit Detective Don McCoy at 469-6611. Reach Ian Thompson at 427-6976 or [email protected] . Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ithompsondr. Ian Thompson Ian Thompson has worked for the Daily Republic longer than he cares to remember. A native of Oregon and a graduate of the University of Oregon, he pines for the motherland still. He covers Vacaville and Travis Air Force Base for the Daily Republic. He is an avid military history buff, wargamer and loves the great outdoors. Story Archive @ithompsondr on Twitter LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Discussion | 2 comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. 2realJanuary 18, 2017 - 6:19 am LMFAOReply | Report abusive comment HahaJanuary 18, 2017 - 9:04 am I would have knocked her ass outReply | Report abusive comment Recent Articles Sports on TV/Local sports for Saturday-Sunday, Jan. 28-29, 2017 This date in sports history for Jan. 28 Ski report for Saturday, Jan. 28, 2017 Ralph Bernis Cope Three-year, voter-backed mental health budget plan approved Corey to attend Monterey conference Fairfield-Suisun schools face more than $7M in cuts Fairfield police log: Jan. 26, 2017 Suisun City police log: Jan. 26, 2017 Photos: Kelly Campbell, horse photographer Prosecutors won’t pursue misconduct charge against Christie Official: Sacramento police legally killed mentally ill man Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department City should block westside tower plan The senior fool from Kentucky US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Some common sense Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Some of the best, worst American leaders Trump signs ‘new vetting measures’ to guard against terror Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 01-26-2017 Home Seller 01-21-2017 Coupons and More: January 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Readers’ Choice 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
MI News 26 Northern Michigan's 24/7 Local News Channel Watch What’s On 26.1 | MI News 26 26.2 | Antenna TV 26 26.3 | Laff 26 26.4 | Escape 26 26.5 | Grit 26 26.6 | Buzzr 26 How to Receive MI News 26 Request MI News 26 News Special Sections CherryT Ball Drop Dancing with the Y Stars Event of the Week Person of the Week Victorian Sleighbell Parade Zoo De Mack Featured Local News Events National & World Health News Legal News Transportation News GasWatch Cadillac Area Manistee Area Petoskey Area Traverse City Area News Archives 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Weather Local Weather Overview Local Radar 7-Day Forecast Day Planner Lower County Temps Upper County Temps Sports Broadcast Schedule Shop miLocalShops Contact Us News Team Bios Advertise on MI News 26 Antenna TV 26 Police Say They ID Retail Fraud Suspects in Isabella County POSTED January 17, 2017 BY Jacob Owens We have an update to the retail fraud case out of Isabella County. Police now say that they’ve identified the men seen in the photos. On Monday the Isabella County Sheriff had asked for the public’s help in identifying two men who allegedly stole several items from the Walmart store located just south of Mount Pleasant in Union Township. According to the sheriff’s office, two men were seen leaving the store with multiple items in a shopping cart that they had not paid for. Store personnel watched them load the items in the trunk of a black or dark green Pontiac Grand Prix. One of the men saw the store personnel watching them and quickly closed the trunk.  The men got into the car and took off, leaving several items in the cart. Police say the tips form the public led them to the identities of both men and that the investigation is ongoing.  Reports are being filed with the county prosecutor requesting warrants for retail fraud. According to Sheriff Michael Mann, the items that could be seen in the cart and that were left behind were worth about $200, but at this time they have no idea how many more items were taken from the store. 7-Day Forecast Around our Area Kids Have A Messy Science Day Bringing Art and Music Together Gear Up for Learning Friends helping friends “The Fiber of the Gods” The Rising Tide In Harrison State News Over 170 Students Graduate from Michigan Career and Technical Institute Art Van Announces Sale to Equity Firm Increase in Whooping Cough Cases has MDHHS Urging Residents to Make Sure They’re Up-to-Date on Vaccinations Chronic Wasting Disease Found in Two Mecosta County Deer Communities Encouraged to Apply for Fluoridation Grants DNR Announces Search for Innovative Solutions to Prevent Spread of Asian Carp into Lake Michigan World News Scientists Move Doomsday Clock to Two and Half Minutes Until Midnight Actress Mary Tyler Moore Passes Away RECALL – HP Expands Battery Recall for Safety Concerns Arctic Cat Acquired by Global Manufacturer Textron Minnesota Governor Collapses During State of the State Address Monday Night RECALL – Sierra Nevada Brewing Recalls Select Bottles Over Concerns of Broken Glass Events 2017 AlpenFrost Guns N Hoses Hockey Alden Library Bingo Manistee Ghost Ship Fall Color Walk Kampout for KAIR © 2007-2017 Freelancer Television Broadcasting, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Find us on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter
Home Kenya 2017 KENYA ELECTIONS Africa County News World Blogs Focus on China All Sites Capital Home News Business Lifestyle Sports Radio Tv Campus Skip to content CFM Home News Business Lifestyle Sports Radio Tv Campus Toggle navigation Brand Home Kenya 2017 KENYA ELECTIONS Africa County News World Blogs Focus on China Trump to take office with dismal ratings – except on jobs January 18, 2017 (2 weeks ago) 1:18 am Shares A CNN/ORC poll shows Donald Trump’s approval rating ahead of his inauguration is 44 points below that of President Obama as he prepared to take office © AFP / Dominick Reuter By AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE, Washington, United States, Jan 17 – Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition, Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: jobs. Since the real estate developer’s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan’s SoftBank, Ford and Fiat Chrysler. Tech giant Amazon has promised 100,000 new jobs. Another major automaker, General Motors, pledged Tuesday to invest $1 billion in US manufacturing and create up to 5,000 jobs in coming years. The same day, Walmart announced it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs. Trump — who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda — has been quick to take credit. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,'” he tweeted on Tuesday. His message appears to be resonating. Sixty-one percent of Americans believe it’s likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll also out Tuesday. But this confidence in Trump’s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Barack Obama’s successor. – ‘Phony election polls’ – Trump is half as popular as Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming US president of the past four decades, going back to Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Sixty-one percent of Americans believe it’s likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday © AFP/File / Don EMMERT Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his November 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. “The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before,” he said on Twitter. In fact, national polls conducted before the election were within the margin of error, with Clinton ending up winning the popular vote by 2.1 percentage points compared with a projected 3.3 point edge. But polls projecting the winners by state were wrong. – Democrats boycott – Trump will leave his eponymous skyscraper in New York for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are well underway. On Sunday, organizers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on Washington, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with George W. Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. US President-elect Donald Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticizing the district of Rep. John Lewis, seen January 11, 2017, as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was “all talk talk talk – no actions or results” © AFP/File / Tasos Katopodis Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticizing Lewis’s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was “all talk talk talk – no actions or results.” The busy week in Washington also includes Senate confirmation hearings for eight of Trump’s cabinet nominees. Behind the scenes, the transfer of power has shown signs of disorganization. Trump has yet to appoint a secretary of agriculture, and the number two role in most federal departments remain empty. Shares Tweet Share this article | Read later AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE Agence France-Presse is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs Other articles from AGENCE FRANCE PRESSE Related Articles Trump: Celebrity billionaire, next US president? US House Speaker deals major blow to Trump unity efforts Trump lashes out at ‘disloyal’ Republicans Trump, Obama disputes spill into the open Clinton, Trump begin final pitch for American votes Trump targets Democratic states after shock poll boost Clinton, back on trail, looks to break Trump momentum Trump vows to begin deportations immediately if sworn in Latest Articles Trump hosts first foreign leader as May visits White House Washington, United States, Jan 27 - President Donald Trump made his debut as a statesman Friday, welcoming… Trump to speak Saturday with Putin, Merkel and Hollande: W.House Washington, United States, Jan 27 - US President Donald Trump will hold telephone talks Saturday with… IEBC to register prisoners February 20-27 NAIROBI, Kenya, Jan 27 - All eligible voters in prisons will have a chance to vote during this year's… Uhuru suspends Jubilee recruitment to give priority to voter listing KIAMBU, Kenya, Jan 27 - President Uhuru Kenyatta has announced the suspension of Jubilee membership… Kenya leads pack for realisation of a self-sustaining AU ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia, Jan 27 - It’s been said that when the great US of A sneezes, the rest of the… More Stories Opinion Leaders Why Kenya must create a million new jobs annually By V. Ronneberg & S. Chatterjee 0 comments | 0 views CS Amina’s business-first approach key to Africa renaissance By Kiprono Kittony 0 comments | 0 views For a better Kenya, register to vote By CHRIS KIRUBI 0 comments | 0 views Most Viewed Somalis, Kenyans deported from US amid Trump vow NAIROBI, Kenya Jan 25 - 90 Somalis and two Kenyans landed at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport… KDF repulse Shabaab during dawn attack on Somalia camp NAIROBI, Kenya, Jan 27- Kenya Defence Forces Spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Paul Njuguna says KDF soldiers… Nursing Council investigating ‘nurses from hell’ NAIROBI, Kenya, Jan 26- The Nursing Council of Kenya (NCK) is investigating alleged misconduct of nurses… Uhuru prayed in Nyeri it rained, will it shower votes in August? NAIROBI, Kenya, Jan 21 - He prayed and it rained. It was President Uhuru Kenyatta’s prayer in Nyeri… Central, Northeastern top as over 800,000 voters listed so far NAIROBI, Kenya, Jan 24 - The Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) says 825,145 voters… News Kenya Africa World Focus on China Blogs Business Technology Ask Kirubi The Whiteboard Infographics Enterprise Campus Lifestyle Career Money Sports Resources Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion & Beauty Health The Good Life Relationships & Sex Radio Presenters Djs Mixes Stories Tv Shows Our 2 Cents Ask Kirubi The Chop Up The Grill Capital Sound Check The Scoop Apps Android Social Media Facebook Twitter Google + YouTube Partners Privacy Policy Advertise with us About Us Contact Us © 2017 Capital Digital Media. Capital Group Limited. All Rights Reserved
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space Eugene Kim Jan. 17, 2017, 5:26 PM 7,181 facebook linkedin twitter email print Amazon CEO Jeff BezosAP Photo/Ted S. Warren Amazon is already the largest online shopping site in the world, but it's also showing signs of dominating the next most important shopping platform: mobile shopping. According to a new note published by Oppenheimer this week, Amazon's lead in the mobile shopping space is growing by a wide margin, tripling the number of US unique visitors to its mobile app over the past two years. Meanwhile, its biggest competitors like Walmart, eBay, and Target saw almost no growth in the same time span. On top of that, Amazon's mobile app is increasing its penetration rate in the US, with 50% of US online shoppers now on its app. "At the end of 2014, Amazon had roughly the same number of mobile unique visitors as Walmart and eBay, in the US. As of December 2016, Amazon has more unique visitors than the apps of those two companies’ combined," Oppenheimer wrote in the note. "Amazon is well positioned to benefit from the shift to mobile shopping," it added. Oppenheimer These changes are particularly important for Amazon as more online shopping is expected to move from desktop PCs to mobile devices (typically smartphones or tablets) in the near future. BI Intelligence forecasts mobile commerce sales will reach $284 billion, or 45% of the total US e-commerce market, by 2020 — up from $33 billion, or 11% of the total US e-commerce market in 2014. SEE ALSO: Amazon has a clever idea to put itself in the middle of the self driving car market NOW WATCH: This woman is making a fortune selling $900 blankets she knits without needles Loading video... More: Amazon Jeff Bezos Mobile Commerce facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space Amazon is crushing Walmart, eBay, and Target in the growing mobile shopping space Amazon is already the largest online shopping... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bayer-Monsanto Pledge Investment, Jobs After Trump Meeting by Justin Sink @justinsink More stories by Justin Sink and Mario Parker @MarioDParker More stories by Mario Parker January 17, 2017, 12:06 PM EST January 18, 2017, 12:00 AM EST Both companies’ CEOs met with president-elect last week Trump team says Bayer promised to add 3,000 jobs at Monsanto Bayer AG and Monsanto Co. promised President-elect Donald Trump $8 billion of investment in the U.S. and thousands of new jobs should the companies’ planned merger, the biggest-ever in agriculture, clear regulatory approvals. Bayer Chief Executive Officer Werner Baumann promised to add 3,000 jobs at Monsanto while keeping its headquarters in St. Louis after the deal is completed, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday. Both companies had previously announced their intention to keep the location of the Monsanto offices, but the commitment on jobs is new, and follows a visit last week by both Baumann and Monsanto CEO Hugh Grant to Trump and his aides in New York. The CEOs said in a joint statement that "several thousand new high-tech well-paying jobs" will be added after the integration of the two companies. U.S. businesses are facing more pressure to show that they’re creating American jobs ahead of Friday’s scheduled inauguration of Trump, who made the issue a signature of his campaign. Earlier on Tuesday, he praised General Motors Co. for a $1 billion American investment plan, having criticized the company earlier in January for importing some models from Mexico. On Tuesday, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. also boasted about job growth. Ford Motor Co. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV announced spending plans last week that Trump lauded. Job Pressure Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The proposed $66 billion takeover of Monsanto by Germany’s Bayer would create the world’s largest producer of pesticides and genetically modified seeds. The merged company expects to spend about $16 billion in research and development in agriculture in the next six years, with at least half of the investment made in the U.S., Bayer and Monsanto said in their statement Tuesday. The two companies spent about $5.9 billion combined on R&D in 2015, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Trump rode to his election victory partly on strong backing from rural voters, which could increase the President-elect’s desire to bring an economic turnaround for those supporters. A year ago, Monsanto announced that it would shed 3,600 jobs, or about 16 percent of its global workforce, in a bid to lower costs. The company is already the world’s biggest seed producer. Agricultural companies could also come under increased scrutiny as a wave of mega-deals announced in the past year has the potential to transform the industry. Critics have raised antitrust concerns about Bayer-Monsanto, but the companies have argued the merger will speed innovation and help farmers increase their yields. ‘Deeply Disturbing’ The National Farmers Union, the second-biggest U.S. farm group, is among those that oppose the deal. In a statement Tuesday, it said the meeting between the CEOs and president-elect “is deeply disturbing if it leads to an approval of the Bayer-Monsanto acquisition by the incoming Trump Administration.” Still, the meeting is “positive” for getting U.S. approval, though the merger still needs regulatory approval in other countries, Chris Shaw, an analyst at Monness Crespi Hardt & Co. in New York, said by phone. Bayer and Monsanto’s plan to stay and invest in the U.S. Midwest is key to its business, since it would market to farmers, but also lines up with Trump’s rhetoric, said Jason Miner, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence in Skillman, New Jersey. “It’s good politics and good business strategy at once,” Miner said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 43° F Overcast Hi: 45° F Lo: 30° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Inauguration Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines Ohio mom gets 8 years in prison for heroin death of 11-month-old Updated: 41 mins ago Dickinson, who’s now 33, entered her guilty plea and was sentenced Friday. Runner going across U.S. following Forrest Gump’s route 5:21 pm Rob Pope began running across the country last fall starting in Alabama and is headed to the California coast. ‘Dangerous’ fugitive arrested on kidnapping, assault charges 5:18 pm WATCH: Immunization expert sheds light on mumps across US 7:13 pm Columbia police search for missing man 5:31 pm Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 43° F Overcast Feels Like: 37° F Wind: W 12 Humidity: 40% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:08 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Todd Helton joins Tennessee baseball 5:09 pm Helton is the first player from the Colorado Rockies to have his jersey No. 17 retired at Coors Field. Motocross racing comes to Nashville this weekend 4:30 pm AMSOIL Arenacross, the official feeder system for Monster Energy Supercross, is hosting the event at the Bridgestone Arena. Nashville Predators raise awareness about domestic violence January 26, 2017 Mayor supports bringing MLS to Nashville, says fairgrounds good for stadium January 26, 2017 Brent Musburger is retiring from sportscasting at age 77 January 25, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 43° F Overcast Hi: 45° F Lo: 30° F Man accused of claiming to be Metro officer, shoplifting in Ashland City By Andy Cordan Published: January 17, 2017, 3:25 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 7:13 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: Ashland City Police Department ASHLAND CITY, Tenn. (WKRN) – A man who claimed to be an undercover police officer is now wanted for shoplifting in Ashland City. The unidentified man was caught on surveillance at Walmart on Saturday night. The video shows him paying for groceries at the self-checkout, but police say he did not pay for a $218 sound bar speaker that was also in his shopping cart. According to Ashland City Police Chief Mark Coulon, the man claimed he had paid for it in another department, but store security said they checked and there was no record of him paying. “He paid for groceries, not sure how much, then he walked off with the sound bar,” Chief Coulon said. Even though he was asked twice to show the receipt for the sound bar, he left the store without paying. In surveillance video, the man can be seen wearing a semi-automatic pistol on his right hip. He was also allegedly wearing an ear piece, according to the loss prevention officer who filed the report with police. Store security said the man reportedly said he was a plain-clothed detective working for the Metro Nashville Police Department. He added he has also worked for several other departments. “He may have a permit to carry a sidearm, that is fine with us. My main concern is that he told the security guard that he is a Metro police officer undercover detective,” Coulon said. “To my knowledge, he never did show a badge or ID that he is a police officer.” Police say the man is now wanted for shoplifting and if he can’t prove he is a police officer, he will also be charged with impersonating an officer. He’ll also have to show proper firework that the gun is registered appropriately. “We are going to try to identify him for one thing and if we do, he will be charged for shoplifting and if he is not a police officer, we will charge him for impersonating a police officer.” Ashland City is checking with Metro police to see if anyone can identify the man. So far, there’s no word that he has ever worked for Metro police. Anyone with information on the man’s identity or whereabouts is urged to call Ashland City Police at 615-792-5618. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Fake motion picture money back again in Middle Tennessee Cheatham County man found dead inside home; TBI investigates Video shows man believed to be nightclub attacker in Turkey Istanbul gunman captured after more than 2 weeks on run Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis report to air on Feb. 2 Click here for details. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Alphabet Delivers Another 'Exceptional' Quarter Alphabet investors have much to be pleased with Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Ways to Prevent a Tax Audit How to minimize the risk of an audit My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Dow Jones Industrial Average Down as Trump Drops Dollar, Bank Stocks Struggle January 17, 2017, 04:24:25 PM EDT By Celeste Taylor, Schaeffer's Research Shutterstock photo The Dow Jones Industrial Average was staring at a triple-digit deficit earlier, as President-elect Donald Trump's less-than-encouraging comments on the U.S. dollar sent the greenback tumbling, and the increased likelihood of a "hard Brexit" stoked geopolitical uncertainty. Floundering financial stocks only added more pressure ahead of a busy week of bank earnings. And while the Dow managed to pare some of these losses by the close, it still logged a third straight daily decline, while the Nasdaq Composite (COMP) retreated from record-high territory . Continue reading for more on today's market, including: The tough technical resistance SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust ( SPY ) can't seem to topple , courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior V.P. of Research Todd Salamone. Option players are taking different sides on these 2 swinging retail stocks . This hospital stock rallied on Trump's "insurance for everybody" promise . Plus ... The 4 events stoking accelerated VIX call buying, 2 bank earnings to watch tomorrow, and the drugmaker that surged 50% on a $1.3 billion deal. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA - 19,826.77) ended the day down 59 points, or 0.3%. Wal-Mart Stores Inc ( WMT ) led the 14 Dow winners , with a gain of 1.9%, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS ) fell the most of the 16 Dow losers, dropping 3.5%. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX - 2,267.89) also fell, shedding 6.8 points, or 0.3%, while the Nasdaq Composite (COMP - 5,537.76)  slipped 36.4 points, or 0.7%. The  CBOE Volatility Index (VIX - 11.87) rose 0.6 point, or 5.7%. 5 Items on Our Radar Today Monsanto Company ( MON ) and German-owned Bayer AG announced they will spend at least half of their $16 billion agriculture research and development budget in the U.S. over the next six years, following a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump. The two companies also promised to add 3,000 new jobs to their U.S. workforce, once their $66 billion merger -- which is waiting approval from Trump's administration -- is complete. (Reuters) Deutsche Bank AG (USA) ( DB ) has agreed to a $7.2 billion settlement for its part in the 2008 mortgage-backed securities housing crisis. The fine includes a $3.1 billion civil penalty, as well as $4.1 billion in funds to be provided as relief to struggling homeowners, borrowers, and other communities negatively affected by DB's misleading lending practices. (CNBC) The 4 events stoking accelerated call buying on the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX).  2 big banks to add to the earnings watch list . The  $1.3 billion deal that helped this biotech surge 50% today. Data courtesy of Trade-Alert Commodities: February-dated crude futures rose 11 cents, or 0.2%, to end the day at $52.48 per barrel. Signs that Saudi Arabia is adhering to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' (OPEC) output deal and a falling dollar boosted black gold, although the commodity pared earlier gains on expectations of increased shale-oil production next month. Gold prices gained ground, after the greenback retreated in the wake of Trump's comments. At the close, February-dated gold futures were up $16.70, or 1.4%, to finish at $1,212.90 per ounce. Stay on top of overnight news & big morning movers. Sign up now for Schaeffer's Opening View. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Options Referenced Symbols: WMT , GS , MON , DB , SPY More from Schaeffer's Research Subscribe Dow Jones Industrial Average Down as Trump Drops Dollar, Bank Stocks Struggle Nasdaq Hits New High as Dow Jones Industrial Average Lags Dow Jones Industrial Average Slumps Ahead of Trump; Nasdaq Keeps Tapping New Highs Related Options Articles Subscribe Dow Jones Industrial Average Snags First Weekly Finish Above 20K 1/27/2017 04:23 PM Relative Strength Alert For First Industrial Realty Trust 1/27/2017 04:01 PM Prologis is Oversold 1/27/2017 04:00 PM Contributor: Schaeffer's Research Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Microsoft Corporation Q2 Earnings Climb 6% Whole Foods Market To Close Three Commercial Kitchens BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Arctic Cat, Halcon Resources, Bob Evans BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Arctic Cat, Freeport, Horizon Global WestRock To Acquire Multi Packaging Solutions For $18.00/shr - Quick Atos integrates heartbeat identification into its unique... 3 Tips For Finding Your First ETF ZipBooks Awarded $100K from Utah Governor’s Office of Economic... Better Buy: The Coca-Cola Co. vs. International Business Machines... View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced WMT 71% Rate It GS 61% Rate It MON 69% Rate It DB 65% Rate It SPY 59% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
null
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Amazon to begin accepting food stamps for USDA pilot program By Doug G. Ware   |   Jan. 17, 2017 at 4:34 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo Jan. 17 (UPI) -- This summer, Amazon.com will begin accepting food stamps for online grocery orders to help the U.S. Department of Agriculture launch a pilot program aimed at making fresh food more available to low-income Americans in rural areas. The planned two-year USDA Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) online program will feature Amazon as one of seven online grocers to test the project -- specifically regarding web ordering and online payments. "Amazon is excited to participate in the USDA SNAP online purchasing pilot," the Washington-based company said in a statement to CBS MoneyWatch. "We are committed to making food accessible through online grocery shopping, offering all customers the lowest prices possible." RELATEDDecember: Amazon planning smart app-based 'Go' stores in U.S. next year Amazon first branched out into the grocery market a decade ago but has never before catered to the low-income demographic. Its move to accept electronic benefit transfer (EBT) government assistance is expected by analysts to have an impact on Walmart, which has long been a major player in that corner of the market. The Arkansas-based super chain, though, is not presently set to be part of the USDA's program. "We look forward to working with [USDA] as they continue to explore this opportunity," Walmart said. "We've expanded our highly popular online grocery service from 5 markets to more than 100 markets over the past 18 months." The Agriculture Department has previously flirted with similar ideas, but one stumbling block has always been customers' inability to pay for groceries online with food stamps. That will change when the new program launches this summer. RECOMMENDEDDecember: Amazon completes its first commercial drone delivery National grocers set to participate are FreshDirect (New York), Safeway (Maryland, Oregon, Washington), ShopRite (Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania), and Hy-Vee (Iowa). Two local companies, Hart's Local Grocers and Dash's Market, both in New York, are also involved in the project. The online pilot program represents Amazon's latest effort to become a larger presence in the online grocery market. Last month, it introduced Amazon Go, an application-based service that enables shoppers to buy food on their smartphones and pick it up in-store without the checkout process. Amazon expects Go stores to open sometime early this year. Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Amazon to hire additional 100,000 workers over 18 months Alibaba founder Jack Ma pledges to create 1M U.S. jobs after meeting Trump News anchors set off Amazon Echo while reporting child's accidental order Comments Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Latest Headlines Trump, Nieto talk by phone, agree to keep talks of wall payment private 58 minutes ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Less than 48 hours after President Trump ordered a new wall for the U.S.-Mexico border, he spoke to Mexico's leader by phone Friday and smoothed out the edges. President Trump: What the new White House has done so far 1 hour ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- In his first days in office, President Donald Trump has taken action on issues including healthcare, abortion, trade and oil pipelines. Trump signs orders to beef-up military, toughen visa checks for refugees 4 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump made good on two more campaign promises Friday -- to strengthen the military and ramp up vetting of foreign nationals seeking a U.S. visa. Trump, British PM May tout cooperation, shared vision at White House meeting 6 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump began showing his diplomatic side during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May at the White House. Full text, video of VP Mike Pence's March for Life remarks 7 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Vice President Mike Pence told thousands of abortion opponents gathered in Washington, D.C., that "life is winning again in America." UPI Latest Trending Stories Duterte apologizes for police killing of South Korean businessman China displays new version of bomber ahead of national holiday Watch live: Theresa May, Donald Trump hold press conference Terry Edwards executed in Texas for 2002 double murder Fugitive on FBI 'most wanted' list for '83 Texas murder surrenders More Collections Dow breaks 20,000 for the first time in history Activists protest oil pipelines after President Trump's executive orders Trump administration's first days Inauguration Day in America Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Woods’ return to PGA Tour lasts 2 days after missing cut The archbishop of San Francisco leads vigil at Tenderloin bus Judge William Norris, author of milestone ruling on gays in Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Sex offender out of Oregon State Hospital after decades 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Steve Kerr to ‘absolutely’ play all 4 Warriors in All-Star Success for A’s Sonny Gray could hasten trade Jed Lowrie, Josh Phegley back healthy for A’s this spring All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Morgan-Stanley-and-Alliance-Data-skid-Reynolds-10863249.php Morgan Stanley and Alliance Data skid; Reynolds jumps Updated 1:27 pm, Tuesday, January 17, 2017 NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday: Reynolds American Inc., up $1.71 to $57.68 British American Tobacco said it will buy the rest of the cigarette maker for about $49 billion in cash and stock. Morgan Stanley, down $1.66 to $42.15 Banks traded lower after Britain's government said it plans to make a clean break with the European Union. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., up $1.29 to $68.42 The retailer said it will add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. NRG Energy Inc., up 74 cents to $15.34 Elliott Associates, the firm of activist investor Paul Singer, disclosed a 9.4 percent stake in the natural gas company. Forward Pharma A/S, up $8.85 to $27.20 The company said Biogen will pay it $1.25 billion along with royalties on sales of some multiple sclerosis drugs. Clayton Williams Energy Inc., up $41.27 to $145.25 The energy company said it will be acquired by Noble Energy for $2.7 billion in cash and stock. Procter & Gamble Co., up $1.20 to $85.21 Household goods companies and other big dividend payers climbed Tuesday as bond yields fell. Alliance Data Systems Corp., down $7.55 to $230 The manager of loyalty and rewards programs said card delinquencies grew in December. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BREAKING NEWS Person taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump signs 'new vetting measures' for refugees Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop Zuckerberg to drop suits seeking to buy Hawaii land 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Woods’ return to PGA Tour lasts 2 days after missing cut Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup SF supervisor offers Trump a room on Alcatraz Burglary suspect steals biker clothing, gets caught Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Hacker impersonates local CEO, steals W-2 tax forms 42% of Trump voters approve of prez using private email Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 3 Poll: 42 percent of Trump voters say it's OK for Trump to use... 4 Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms 5 Ex-NC State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead 6 CalExit Measure Gets OK to Collect State Ballot Signatures 7 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 8 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 9 This way to the resistance: Your guide to defying the... 10 Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall that could take... THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Save-A-Lot Carves Niche Serving Communities That Publix And Others Overlook by Justine Griffin, Tampa Bay Times Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 at 3:38PM EST GULFPORT — Betty Duffey has a half-dozen grocery stores vying for her business near her neighborhood in southern Pinellas County. Publix Supermarkets is 2.5 miles down the road and she'll pass by a Winn-Dixie and a Walmart Neighborhood Market on the way there. Two miles in the other direction is an Aldi and a Walmart Supercenter. But Duffey, 63, does most of her grocery shopping at Save-A-Lot. It's the closest grocery store to her house, but it's also the cheapest. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Tampa Bay Times Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Morgan Stanley and Alliance… Morgan Stanley and Alliance Data skid; Reynolds jumps By The Associated Press January 17, 2017 4:24 pm Share NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday: Reynolds American Inc., up $1.71 to $57.68 British American Tobacco said it will buy the rest of the cigarette maker for about $49 billion in cash and stock. Federal News Radio conducted an exclusive data center survey to assess how agencies are storing data. Download the results. Morgan Stanley, down $1.66 to $42.15 Advertisement Banks traded lower after Britain’s government said it plans to make a clean break with the European Union. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., up $1.29 to $68.42 The retailer said it will add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. NRG Energy Inc., up 74 cents to $15.34 Elliott Associates, the firm of activist investor Paul Singer, disclosed a 9.4 percent stake in the natural gas company. Forward Pharma A/S, up $8.85 to $27.20 The company said Biogen will pay it $1.25 billion along with royalties on sales of some multiple sclerosis drugs. Clayton Williams Energy Inc., up $41.27 to $145.25 The energy company said it will be acquired by Noble Energy for $2.7 billion in cash and stock. Procter & Gamble Co., up $1.20 to $85.21 Household goods companies and other big dividend payers climbed Tuesday as bond yields fell. Alliance Data Systems Corp., down $7.55 to $230 The manager of loyalty and rewards programs said card delinquencies grew in December. Topics: Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Morgan Stanley and Alliance… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Morgan Stanley and Alliance Data skid; Reynolds jumps By Associated Press Published: 16:26 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 16:26 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday: Reynolds American Inc., up $1.71 to $57.68 British American Tobacco said it will buy the rest of the cigarette maker for about $49 billion in cash and stock. Morgan Stanley, down $1.66 to $42.15 Banks traded lower after Britain's government said it plans to make a clean break with the European Union. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., up $1.29 to $68.42 The retailer said it will add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. NRG Energy Inc., up 74 cents to $15.34 Elliott Associates, the firm of activist investor Paul Singer, disclosed a 9.4 percent stake in the natural gas company. Forward Pharma A/S, up $8.85 to $27.20 The company said Biogen will pay it $1.25 billion along with royalties on sales of some multiple sclerosis drugs. Clayton Williams Energy Inc., up $41.27 to $145.25 The energy company said it will be acquired by Noble Energy for $2.7 billion in cash and stock. Procter & Gamble Co., up $1.20 to $85.21 Household goods companies and other big dividend payers climbed Tuesday as bond yields fell. Alliance Data Systems Corp., down $7.55 to $230 The manager of loyalty and rewards programs said card delinquencies grew in December. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Date set for Raising Cane's grand opening - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Texas News Now News Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Weather Weather Main StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Sports Galleries Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2015-2016 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons Date set for Raising Cane's grand opening 2017-01-17T20:24:42Z2017-01-17T20:25:37Z By Mary Coleman, Reporter Email Connect mcoleman@newschannel10.com Follow @Mary_reports Source:KFDA AMARILLO, TX (KFDA) - Raising Cane's recently broke ground on its first restaurant in Amarillo. When it opens on April 25, the 2,700-square-foot restaurant will begin serving up its "ONE LOVE® – quality chicken finger meals" – to “Caniacs” old and new at 4700 S. Coulter St., in front of Walmart. The company will be hiring roughly 65 crewmembers for multiple positions at the new restaurant in the weeks ahead. “I can’t tell you how excited we all are to finally be coming to Amarillo,” said Area Director Mike Spano. “We’ve been searching for the perfect location for a long time, and now that we’ve found it, we can’t wait to start serving our quality chicken finger meals and getting actively involved with the local schools and other organizations that make Amarillo such a great place to live, work, eat and play.” Founded by Todd Graves in 1996 and named for his yellow Labrador, Raising Cane, the rapidly growing company recently earned the distinction of being among the Top 10 quick service restaurant chains in the nation for 2015, according to the authoritative Sandelman & Associates Quick-Track study, based on food quality, customer service, cleanliness and other important factors. The Amarillo restaurant will be the 111th Raising Cane’s in the Lone Star State and among more than 320 in the company’s nationwide system. Copyright 2017 KFDA. All rights reserved. HeadlinesMore>> Home Home Today's Local News HeadlinesToday's Local NewsMore>> Changes in trade agreements could cause serious harm to agriculture industry Changes in trade agreements could cause serious harm to agriculture industry Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-27 21:26:51 GMT As trade agreements in Washington continue to be restructured, farmers in the panhandle could be the ones to pay. As trade agreements in Washington continue to be restructured, farmers in the panhandle could be the ones to pay. Don Harrington Discovery Center to showcase three new exhibits Don Harrington Discovery Center to showcase three new exhibits KFDA The Don Harrington Discovery Center has partnered with local organizations to bring more fun and active learning opportunities to both children and adults.  The Don Harrington Discovery Center has partnered with local organizations to bring more fun and active learning opportunities to both children and adults.  Clovis man found guilty of first-degree murder Clovis man found guilty of first-degree murder Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 3:10 PM EST2017-01-27 20:10:23 GMT David Gutierrez/ Source: Ninth Judicial District Attorney's Office After 15 years of investigating, the murder of Jose Valverde has been solved.  After 15 years of investigating, the murder of Jose Valverde has been solved.  Cold air moves through the area, high temps in the low 40s Cold air moves through the area, high temps in the low 40s Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 6:15 AM EST2017-01-27 11:15:55 GMT Weather Outlook for Friday, Jan. 27 Weather Outlook for Friday, Jan. 27 Highland Park Choir chosen to perform with Foreigner Highland Park Choir chosen to perform with Foreigner Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 11:01 AM EST2017-01-27 16:01:48 GMT The band Foreigner is heading to Amarillo and one local high school is getting the chance to hit the stage with the band. The band Foreigner is heading to Amarillo and one local high school is getting the chance to hit the stage with the band.    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Trump bars Syrian refugees, halts entry of citizens from some Muslim states Republican split on Obamacare strategy evident during private meeting McConnell warns Trump to back off on killing filibuster Anti-abortion marchers celebrate a new era under Trump Trump order sets military buildup in motion How Trump's attack on Mexico could hurt border security Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print Donald Trump is complaining that a GOP plan to create what experts call a 'border adjustable' business tax is too complicated. | Getty Trump's criticism of GOP tax plan threatens to upend reform bid By Brian Faler 01/17/17 03:01 PM EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter President-elect Donald Trump is on a collision course with House Republicans over a key part of their plans to remake the international tax code, in a dispute that threatens to blow up their entire bid for a sweeping tax reform. Trump is complaining that a GOP plan to create what experts call a "border adjustable" business tax is too complicated. But the proposal, which would essentially tax imports but not exports, is fundamental to Republicans' tax plans. Projected to raise more than $1 trillion, it's one of the main ways they intend to finance an overhaul, so dropping the plan would send them back to the drawing board. Story Continued Below “It leaves them in a real jam,” said Howard Gleckman, a senior fellow at the Washington-based Tax Policy Center. “It leaves them with a giant hole in their plan, and no obvious way to close it.” But House Republican leaders signaled they have no plans to back down, leaving the two sides at loggerheads over one of the top items on their agenda. “Speaker [Paul] Ryan is in frequent communication with the president-elect and his team about reforming our tax code,” said spokeswoman AshLee Strong. “Changing the way we tax imports and exports is a big part of that, and we’re very confident we’ll get it done.” Trump’s comments belie assumptions that he does not care about the details of policymaking, and they come even as he threw his fellow Republicans another curveball, on health care, promising the Obamacare replacement will offer insurance for everyone. That goes well beyond what congressional Republicans have been contemplating. Trump’s criticism of the border-adjustment plan may embolden rank-and-file Republicans in the House who also don’t like the proposal but have held their tongues out of deference to party leaders. It could also provide an opening for tax writers in the Senate, who have been mostly mum on the House plan and may use the opportunity to push alternative tax-reform ideas. Trump’s comments were good news to opponents of the proposal, including retailers like Wal-Mart and Target as well as auto dealers, oil refiners, toy manufacturers, apparel companies and big importers who fear it will mean big tax increases. "I think he's right — it is complicated, and it's an area with a lot of uncertainties," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation. "We're encouraged that he's taking a skeptical look at this." House leaders may take solace in the fact that Trump did not explicitly rule out the idea — he said, “I don’t love the plan.” What’s more, Trump frequently changed his mind on taxes during the campaign, repeatedly rewriting his own tax-reform plan. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal published Sunday evening, Trump said: “Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don’t love it.” “It’s too complicated,” he said. “I just want it nice and simple.” House Speaker Ryan has been quietly battling with Trump aides over the proposal, with some in Team Trump complaining the border adjustment plan is too convoluted to explain to voters and pushing instead for old-fashioned tariffs. Trump has frequently, and vaguely, spoken of imposing a “border tax,” leaving observers wondering if he means a tariff or something along the lines of what House Republicans are pushing. Their plan would impose a 20 percent tax on imports while allowing exports to be sold tax free. The plan is designed to charge all companies, regardless of where they are based, a 20 percent tax on things they sell to Americans. The idea is that, at a time when companies can skip around the globe in search of lower taxes, one thing that is not mobile is their customers. Many tax experts love the House plan because they say it would give companies a big reason to remain in the U.S. while going a long way toward quashing inversions and other types of international tax avoidance. That’s because it would present companies with the choice of either basing themselves in the U.S., where they’d only be subject to that 20 percent levy, or going elsewhere and still be subject to that 20 percent tax along with local foreign taxes. The proposal is key to House Republican plans not only because it would raise an estimated $1.1 trillion — enough to make it the third-largest pay-for in the entire proposal. It also spares Republicans from having to devise complicated “anti-base erosion rules” designed to prevent companies from using accounting gimmicks to squirrel profits in overseas tax havens, out of the reach of the tax man. In a statement, House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady said: "Unfortunately our current tax code is not only complex, it favors Chinese steel over American steel, Mexican beef and autos over American beef and autos, and foreign oil over American oil. It's time to tax imports and exports equally in America, and end the 'Made in America' tax." It's possible the crisis will blow over. During his presidential campaign, Trump repeatedly rewrote his tax-reform plans, sometimes killing entire sections while seeming to add new ideas on the fly. Over the course of those rewrites, Trump moved much closer to House Republicans’ plans. At one point, he briefly included the border-adjustment proposal in his own plan, before dropping it, said economist Steve Moore, who helped write the plan. “When we were devising the tax plan back many months ago, there was some disagreement whether it made sense,” he said. “Because it was controversial, it was taken out.” “There was a concern that it was going to raise prices and hurt companies that import.” Alan Cole, an economist at the conservative-leaning Tax Foundation, scoffed at Trump's suggestion that an international tax proposal should be easy to understand. "All tax systems are complex in some way" and "if some parts of your tax proposal can't be explained in stump speeches, that's fine," he said. "International corporate taxes aren't ever going to be a dinner table topic." Rachael Bade contributed to this report. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: Brian Faler bfaler@politico.com @Brian_Faler This story tagged under: GOP Donald Trump Finance & Tax Tax President Donald Trump Donald Trump Presidency Donald Trump Cabinet Listen to today's flash briefing POLITICO Playbook's must-listen rundown on what's driving the day in Washington. Hosted by Jake Sherman and Anna Palmer. Play | Read | Sign Up Now Show Comments Politico Magazine The Disastrous Consequences of Trump’s New Immigration Rules By Daniel Benjamin Trump Backs Mexico into a Corner By John M. Ackerman Trade Is More Powerful Than Donald Trump By Zachary Karabell How Trump Could Shrink the Government (While Still Keeping the Good Stuff) By Michael Grunwald More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise India’s top court says no to national ban on cow slaughter Israeli police quiz Netanyahu ‘for a third time’ Trump to speak Saturday with Putin, Merkel and Hollande: W.House India Culture Center Houston’s I-Fair celebrates India’s 68th Republic Day Home » News » National » Trump to take office with dismal ratings — except on jobs Trump to take office with dismal ratings — except on jobs Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition, Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: jobs. Since the real estate developer’s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan’s SoftBank, Ford and Fiat Chrysler. Tech giant Amazon has promised 100,000 new jobs. Another major automaker, General Motors, pledged Tuesday to invest $1 billion in US manufacturing and create up to 5,000 jobs in coming years. The same day, Walmart announced it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs. Trump — who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda — has been quick to take credit. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,'” he tweeted on Tuesday. His message appears to be resonating. Sixty-one percent of Americans believe it’s likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll also out Tuesday. But this confidence in Trump’s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Barack Obama’s successor. – ‘Phony election polls’ – Trump is half as popular as Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming US president of the past four decades, going back to Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his November 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. “The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before,” he said on Twitter. In fact, national polls conducted before the election were within the margin of error, with Clinton ending up winning the popular vote by 2.1 percentage points compared with a projected 3.3 point edge. But polls projecting the winners by state were wrong. – Democrats boycott – Trump will leave his eponymous skyscraper in New York for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are well underway. On Sunday, organizers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on Washington, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with George W. Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticizing Lewis’s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was “all talk talk talk – no actions or results.” The busy week in Washington also includes Senate confirmation hearings for eight of Trump’s cabinet nominees. Behind the scenes, the transfer of power has shown signs of disorganization. Trump has yet to appoint a secretary of agriculture, and the number two role in most federal departments remain empty. Donald Trump George W. Bush Hillary Clinton More news Handling Harassment at Work in Trump Nation » 26 January, 2017 // Columnists, Legal ‘Communism never happened,’ says young Chinese designer » 26 January, 2017 // Young Life Enroll Now, Few Days Left – President Trump Has Signed an Executive Order for Obamacare » 26 January, 2017 // Columnists, Health US faces stiff China pushback in S. China Sea: experts » 25 January, 2017 // National Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories India’s top court says no to national ban on cow slaughter Israeli police quiz Netanyahu ‘for a third time’ Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice Voice of Asia Promo Video Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingTrump: Week One | Canadian dollar | Family Finance | Taxes | Oil Prices GM announces $1 billion investment that will create or save 1,500 U.S. jobs amid Trump pressure David Welch and Sohee Kim, Bloomberg News | January 17, 2017 10:08 AM ET More from Bloomberg News Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon General Motors Co. announced a $1 billion U.S. investment plan, joining Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. as the latest automaker to outline spending on factories amid pressure from President-elect Donald Trump to create jobs. The nation’s largest automaker will invest in domestic plants over the course of the year and add or retain 1,500 workers, according to a statement. The announcement was accelerated after pressure from Trump and is related to building products that were in the works and approved before he won the election in November, a person familiar with the matter said earlier, asking not to be identified because the matter was private. Earlier Tuesday, South Korea’s two largest automakers said they will increase investment in the U.S. over the next five years and consider building a new plant in the country. Trump praised Ford Motor Co. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV last week for plans to spend on U.S. factories after Trump threatened for months to slap Mexico-built vehicles with a 35 per cent import tax. Carmakers are eager to cooperate with the incoming administration as they prepare to ask for favours including weaker fuel economy rules and lower corporate taxes. Related Donald Trump expands attack on auto sector with Magna and Linamar taking the hit “This is the normal course of business,” Maryann Keller, an independent auto industry consultant in Stamford, Connecticut, said of GM. “All they’re doing is announcing investments that they would have made anyway.” The auto industry isn’t alone. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will create about 10,000 retail jobs, the country’s largest private employer said in a statement Tuesday. Less than two minutes into his first formal press conference since the election, Trump highlighted Ford’s decision to cancel a US$1.6 billion factory in Mexico and expand an existing plant in Michigan. Fiat Chrysler committed US$1 billion toward making three new Jeeps in the U.S. and enabling a Michigan facility to manufacture a Ram pickup now produced in Mexico. “I hope that General Motors will be following and I think they will be,” Trump said Wednesday at Trump Tower in Manhattan. “I think a lot of people will be following. I think a lot of industries are going to be coming back.” GM will begin to bring axle production for its next-generation full-size pickups to operations in Michigan, including work previously done in Mexico, creating 450 U.S. jobs, the company said Tuesday. The automaker budgets about US$9 billion a year toward capital expenditures, including for new models and factory upgrades. The U.S. is no longer the biggest market in the world for the Detroit-based company — that title goes to China, were it plans to introduce 18 new or refreshed vehicles this year. The automaker announced at least $2.9 billion in U.S. investment for future production of engines and autos in 2016. Mexico Presence Trump targeted GM earlier this month for importing a small number of Chevrolet Cruze hatchback models from Mexico to the U.S. The company has made separate recent announcements that it would permanently cut 3,300 jobs at three passenger-car plants and temporarily slow production at five factories in states including Michigan and Ohio, due to slack demand. GM also continues to invest in Mexico. In late 2014, the company said it would spend $5 billion on new plants in the country by 2018, creating 5,600 jobs. Facilities making the Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain, shown last week at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, account for about $1 billion of those outlays. The auto industry has been in Trump’s cross hairs. He has threatened Japan’s Toyota Motor Corp. and BMW AG in Germany with tariffs on their Mexico-made cars. BMW sees “no reason” to change plans, Peter Schwarzenbauer, who heads the automaker’s Mini and Rolls-Royce brands and its car-sharing business, told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Munich. Hyundai Investment Hyundai and its affiliate Kia said on Tuesday they plan to invest $3.1 billion in the U.S. over the next five years, compared with the $2.1 billion they spent in the five years through 2016. The South Korean group may produce Hyundai Motor’s upscale Genesis vehicles and a U.S.-specific SUV in the country, said Hyundai Motor President Chung Jin-haeng, who also oversees strategic planning for Kia. “We expect a boost in the U.S. economy and increased demand for various models as President-elect Trump follows through on his promise to create 1 million jobs in five years,” Chung said. “We will actively consider introducing new models that have increasing demand and profits.” Hyundai has been considering expanding its plant in Montgomery, Alabama, which produces the Sonata and Elantra sedans and Santa Fe crossover. The factory is running at its top capacity of 370,000 cars a year. Kia’s factory in West Point, Georgia is also at full tilt, producing 360,000 units of the Optima sedan and Sorento SUV a year. ‘Who’s Next?’ Hyundai and Kia have no additional plans to invest in Mexico and won’t transfer production or jobs from the U.S. to Mexico, according to a Hyundai spokesman. Kia opened a new $3 billion, 200,000 unit-a-year production line in Mexico two months before the U.S. presidential election. The company plans to increase capacity there to 300,000 units this year and to 400,000 vehicles by the end of 2018. “When automakers such as Toyota announced their new strategies in response to the so-called Trump risk, the industry was nervous and asked ‘Who’s next?’,” said Kim Jin-woo, an analyst at Korea Investment & Securities Co. in Seoul. “This is positive news that came at the right time as the automakers were facing capacity constraints in the U.S.” Bloomberg.com Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, Transportation, Donald Trump, General Motors Corporation Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks Hackers are bombarding the Bank of Canada with cyber attacks and the crack in the bank’s armour is its employees Most of the millions of cyber attacks directed at the bank are blocked, but every year since 2012, employees have clicked on and downloaded tainted links that breach the BoC's defences Top 10 absurd bureaucratic policies win 2017’s Paperweight Awards Canadian Federation of Independent Business hopes to cut some silly red tape that's onerous on small businesses Lawrence Solomon: Donald Trump did Canada (and millions of others) a huge favour by killing the Trans-Pacific Partnership The deal created openings for more attacks on oilsands and pipeline projects Dodging rumour and insurgency: the hunt for Burmese amber goes to the heart of Myanmar’s turbulent north Anyone with the guts to travel to Kachin State in Myanmar can score top quality amber peppered with trapped flora and fauna from a market estimated at $1 billion a year William Watson: The Don sending his consigliere to tell Canada not to worry ought to make us bigly, yugely worried If you’re not enormously worried — bigly, yugely, fantastically worried — you haven’t been paying attention Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 51° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 38° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Latest Headlines Many are not taking advantage of important tax break Updated: 12 mins ago The mayor points out the credit mainly helps low-income families pay their groceries and other bills, putting money back in our local econom… Austin to consider safety, labor requirements for faster permits Updated: 34 mins ago The Austin City Council will be weighing whether to tie access to a faster permitting process to building and labor standards. Suspect in bank robbery attempts caught by Austin police Updated: 41 mins ago Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 5 mins ago As Year of the Rooster dawns, ‘phoenix claws’ grace the menu Updated: 45 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 51° F Overcast Feels Like: 51° F Wind: NNE 3 Humidity: 33% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:24 AM Sunset: 6:03 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Investigations David Barer Brian Collister Josh Hinkle Robert Maxwell Kylie McGivern Kevin Schwaller Latest Headlines Austin ISD getting a better handle on payroll problems January 23, 2017 Chief financial officer says the data doesn’t add up after employee said she was evicted and lost her car over payroll issues. Austin police monitor wants more done to prevent racial profiling January 19, 2017 In 2015, 1,134 people contacted the OPM or the Austin Police Department’s Internal Affairs Department wishing to file a complaint. Now hiring: Ag Commissioner Sid Miller needs a wheelman January 13, 2017 Lawmaker responds to questions about DPS border arrests January 11, 2017 Dental Board proposes improvements in sedation safety January 6, 2017 Sports Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Complimentary Small Laser Treatment for First Time Clients 4:27 pm spa810 is located at 2009 main street in Lakeway. Call 512-524-9602 or go to spa810.com for more details. A Healthy Recipe to Keep Your New Year’s Resolutions Going 4:22 pm Look for Honeysuckle White turkey products at your local H-E-B grocery store and visit HoneysuckleWhite.com for even more recipe ideas for a… Tips for Must-Have Metallic Lips 3:58 pm A Positive Way to Stop Bullying 3:50 pm A Tasty Way to Make Gluten-Free Pancakes 3:45 pm Search for: Search the site 51° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 38° F Round Rock wants to add fixed bus routes to Austin By Lauren Kravets Published: January 17, 2017, 2:11 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 6:53 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) The City of Round Rock is proposing four fixed bus routes that would all stop at the Round Rock Transit Center downtown. (KXAN PhotoLauren Kravets) Related Coverage Round Rock mayor won’t run for a 4th term ROUND ROCK, Texas (KXAN) — One of the fastest growing cities in Central Texas is looking at options on how and where they would implement mass transit. The city of Round Rock wants residents to weigh in on four proposed fixed bus routes. One route would travel to the Capital Metro MetroRail Howard Station with several stops along the way, including the Premium Outlet Mall. A second route would circulate to St. David’s Round Rock Hospital and the Walmart at Interstate 35 and SH 45. A third proposed bus route would take riders to Downtown Austin and the University of Texas at Austin. The reverse commute back to Round Rock would include a stop at the Tech Ridge Park-and-Ride station. The main hub for the routes will be located at the Round Rock Transit Center, at 300 W. Bagdad Ave., across the street from the Allen R. Baca Senior Center. With the new routes, the city will reduce its Demand Response Bus Service to riders with disabilities only. Currently, anyone can request a shuttle ride for the door-to-door service. Some people are worried this change will force other elderly people to go to bus stops. “It’s not going to work too good because see, they would be in the weather and some of them have too far to go, it depends on where the bus stop is going to be,” explains Evelyn Burkhalter who takes a shuttle to the Allen R. Baca Senior Center. Demand Response Bus Service started June 1, 2012. From that day through Dec. 31, 2016, there have been 95,099 requests for rides. The public is invited to two open houses to learn about the routes and to give feedback. The first meeting will be held Wednesday, Jan. 18 at Round Rock High School’s Student Center, Bldg. 100. The open house is from 5 – 7:30 p.m. A second open house is scheduled for Monday, Jan. 23 at Stony Point High School from 5 – 7:30 p.m. The city anticipates launching the fixed bus route service by this summer. Route 50: Howard (City of Round Rock) Route 980: Express (City of Round Rock) Route 52: Reverse (City of Round Rock) Route 51: Circulator (City of Round Rock)       Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Round Rock dedicates bridge to Baylor’s ‘Immortal Ten’ Rainey St. to West Sixth St. trial shuttle route starts Friday How Inauguration Day protests will impact Austin traffic Protesters march through downtown as President Trump takes office Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Suspect arrested in deadly Georgetown hit-and-run Travis County sheriff embroiled in immigration debate speaks for the first time Austin to consider safety, labor requirements for faster permits Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Women’s March on Austin PHOTOS: Inauguration Day protests in Austin Protesters march through Austin as President Trump takes office PHOTOS: Donald Trump sworn in as 45th President of the United States PHOTOS: Fiery sunrise over Austin, surrounding areas Gorgeous Central Texas January sunset Military aircraft crashes into water near La Porte PHOTOS: Holiday therapy dogs spreading cheer for Austin rehab patients Holiday therapy dogs offering help for rehab patients PHOTOS: Happy Holidays from the KXAN team Happy Holidays from the KXAN team PHOTOS: ‘Baby it’s cold outside,’ freezing temperatures in Austin-area ‘Baby it’s cold outside’ PHOTOS: Dogs vetted through training now part of Texas DPS Survivor recalls fear, anger on day of Pearl Harbor attack 36 dead in warehouse party blaze ‘Fire everywhere,’ guests trapped inside Gatlinburg Park Vista hotel PHOTOS: Strong’s last game as a Longhorn PHOTOS: Fidel Castro, 1926-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Columbia Co Sheriff's Office searching for Grovetown Walmart sho - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps Contests NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News National News Crime News Education News Military News Health News Tech Elections WEATHER Hurricane season 2016 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Entertainment CSRA Entertainment Entertainment News Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Community Calendar Angel Tree ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Columbia Co Sheriff's Office searching for Grovetown Walmart shoplifting suspect 2017-01-17T19:52:25Z2017-01-17T19:52:25Z By J. Bryan Randall, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jrandall@wfxg.com Follow @JBRandallWFXG Grovetown Walmart shoplifting suspect 12/28/16 (source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office) GROVETOWN, GA (WFXG) - The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help identifying this shoplifting suspect. According to the sheriff's office, the man pictured in this article entered the Grovetown Walmart on Dec. 28, placed a plastic tote with an air mattress and bed sheets in his cart and left the store without paying. He reportedly loaded the items into a maroon car and re-entered the store. He then got a coffee maker and blender and left the store again without paying. The items are valued at $423.73. If you have any information on this suspect, please contact the Columbia County Sheriff's Office. Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> 7th annual Dog Gone Cold 5K in Augusta on Saturday 7th annual Dog Gone Cold 5K in Augusta on Saturday Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 4:49 PM EST2017-01-27 21:49:03 GMT (Source: WFXG) The 7th Annual Dog Gone Cold 5K will be held in Augusta on Saturday. The 5K benefits Hopeful Hounds, Inc., a non-profit group made of volunteers who are dedicated to improving the lives of animals. More >> The 7th Annual Dog Gone Cold 5K will be held in Augusta on Saturday. The 5K benefits Hopeful Hounds, Inc., a non-profit group made of volunteers who are dedicated to improving the lives of animals.More >> Monster Truck Destruction Tour comes to the James Brown Arena Monster Truck Destruction Tour comes to the James Brown Arena Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 2:26 PM EST2017-01-27 19:26:26 GMT Monster trucks at the Monster Truck Destruction Tour (WFXG) The Monster Truck Destruction Tour has made it's way to the CSRA once again. Friday night's the first night folks were able to go out to watch the monster trucks crush each other. More >> The Monster Truck Destruction Tour has made it's way to the CSRA once again. Friday night's the first night folks were able to go out to watch the monster trucks crush each other.More >> 1 killed in Edgefield Hwy collision 1 killed in Edgefield Hwy collision Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 12:02 PM EST2017-01-27 17:02:16 GMT Accident involving dump truck on Edgefield Hwy 1/27/17 (WFXG) One person is dead after an accident on Edgefield Highway in Aiken County. According to Aiken County Deputy Coroner Darryl Ables, the crash happened just before 8:00 a.m. on the 2100 block of Edgefield Highway. More >> One person is dead after an accident on Edgefield Highway in Aiken County. According to Aiken County Deputy Coroner Darryl Ables, the crash happened just before 8:00 a.m. on the 2100 block of Edgefield Highway.More >> Student brings knife to Murphy Middle School Student brings knife to Murphy Middle School Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:55 AM EST2017-01-27 15:55:23 GMT Letter to Murphy Middle School parents 1/26/17 (source: Facebook) In a letter sent home to parents, Principal D'Andrea Jackson informs parents that on Thursday, Jan. 26, a student brought a knife to Murphy Middle School. The letter says that once the knife was discovered, the student was taken in for discipline. More >> In a letter sent home to parents, Principal D'Andrea Jackson informs parents that on Thursday, Jan. 26, a student brought a knife to Murphy Middle School. The letter says that once the knife was discovered, the student was taken in for discipline.More >> Accident on S Belair Rd Accident on S Belair Rd Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:14 AM EST2017-01-27 14:14:29 GMT S. Belair Rd. accident 1/27/17 (WFXG) Officials have cleared an accident on S. Belair Road in Columbia County. Two cars were involved, including a Jeep Wrangler that was turned upside down. There is no word if anyone was injured in the accident. More >> Officials have cleared an accident on S. Belair Road in Columbia County. Two cars were involved, including a Jeep Wrangler that was turned upside down. There is no word if anyone was injured in the accident.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
GoSearch Watch Now: Channel 2 News at 7 p.m. FOX31 & Channel 2 TV Schedule Search Contact Us FOX31 Denver Menu News Traffic On FOX31 On Channel 2 CO Best Contests Community Sports Weather 27° 27° Low 14° High 39° Sat 16° 46° Sun 23° 53° Mon 27° 57° See complete forecast Watch live: Channel 2 News at 7 p.m. GM to invest $1 billion in U.S. plants, add or keep 7,000 jobs Posted 12:47 pm, January 17, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email DETROIT — Under attack from President-elect Donald Trump for its investment in Mexican plants, General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest at least $1 billion in U.S. factories and committed to creating or retaining about 7,000 U.S. jobs in the coming years. The company will move 450 jobs from GM supplier plants in Mexico back to the U.S. and will keep another 1,500 factory jobs in the U.S. that were at risk of moving to Mexico. In addition, GM is adding 5,000 jobs to its finance and technology operations. “As the U.S. manufacturing base increases its competitiveness, we are able to further increase our investment, resulting in more jobs for America and better results for our owners,” GM CEO Mary Barra said. “The U.S. is our home market and we are committed to growth that is good for our employees, dealers, and suppliers and supports our continued effort to drive shareholder value.” All of these plans have been in the works for some time, according to a company executive, and aren’t part of any deal with Trump. Tuesday’s news release made no mention of the president-elect. But the company joins a number of major employers eager to demonstrate a commitment to U.S. jobs ahead of Friday’s inauguration. Earlier Tuesday, Wal-Mart said it would add 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. Last week, Amazon, a frequent target of Trump criticism, announced it will add 100,000 U.S. jobs. Trump took to Twitter to thank GM and Wal-Mart. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 Ford scrapped plans for a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico two weeks ago and said it would expand a Michigan plant, adding 700 jobs there. Lockheed Martin, which, like Ford, had been criticized by Trump, announced Friday it would add 1,800 jobs to its F-35 fighter program. And Sprint said it is bringing 5,000 jobs back to the US. Trump has threatened to impose a 35 percent tax on cars imported from plants in Mexico. At his first post-election news conference last week, Trump predicted GM would be making this kind of U.S. investment announcement. “I hope that General Motors will be following, and I think they will be,” he said. “I think a lot of people will be following. I think a lot of industries are going to be coming back.” Details of the investments and jobs were not revealed, and will be rolled out later this year, the company said. The company recently announced layoffs at three U.S. plants, eliminating three shifts and about 3,300 jobs, because of slowing sales. But in its 2015 labor deal with the United Auto Workers union, GM committed to $1.9 billion in additional investment in U.S. plants as a form of job protection for the union’s membership. And even with the recent layoffs, the company has added 25,000 jobs to its U.S. work force since its 2009 bankruptcy and federal bailout, despite investment in Mexico and China plants. Filed in: Money Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Have a news tip? Do you have a story you want FOX31 Denver or Channel 2 to check out? Email us. Popular Body found in car in canal identified as man missing since Christmas Contagious virus that affects young children reaches epidemic levels in Colorado Missing Denver woman who recently moved to Los Angeles found alive Boulder man captures ‘once-in-a-lifetime’ shot of mountain lion cubs on deck Latest News John Hurt dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ actor was 77 Meet Gerber’s new spokesbaby, 7-month-old Riley Shines Disturbing video shows student stabbing classmate in head with pen during brawl Woman tells Problem Solvers mold, lack of heat plague her apartment Money Fiat Chrysler to expand factories in Ohio and Michigan, create 2,000 jobs National/World News Ford cancels plans for Mexico plant, will add 700 U.S. jobs in ‘vote of confidence’ in Trump National/World News Trump says Sprint will bring back 5,000 jobs to U.S. Money Politics Trump, Pence reach deal to keep majority of Carrier jobs from moving to Mexico Money China giant buys U.S. firm that handles money transfers to Mexico National/World News Trump unleashes tweets on Carrier union boss who blasted him Money Technology Ford is bringing back the Bronco in 2018 and it will be built in Michigan National/World News Mexico’s president vows his country ‘will not pay for any wall’ Money News Amazon says it will create 100,000 jobs across the U.S. Politics World reacts as Donald Trump takes power News Trump’s proposed import tax on Mexico would impact Colorado News Denver Sheriff’s Department ordered pay $10,000 fine for discriminating against applicants who aren’t U.S. citizens Politics Trump’s stunning victory shocks world Mobile Apps iPhone: KDVR & KWGN App Android: KDVR & KWGN App iPhone: Pinpoint Weather App Android: Pinpoint Weather App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KDVR Online Public File • KWGN Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 100 East Speer Blvd. Denver, Colorado 80203 • Copyright © 2017, KDVR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street falls with financials, other post-election gainers Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 6:53am IST Wall Street falls with financials, other post-election gainers left right Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson 1/3 left right A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson 2/3 left right Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson 3/3 By Caroline Valetkevitch | NEW YORK NEW YORK U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday, with financials, transports and other big post-election gainers losing ground as earnings season kicked into gear. Also weighing on stocks were concerns about protectionist trade policies planned by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. The concerns pushed the dollar to its lowest in more than a month and bond yields down as investors cut risk. The S&P 500 financial index .SPSY, which has rallied since the election on expectations of higher interest rates and reduced regulation under Trump, had its worst day since June 27 and led sector losses. It fell 2.3 percent. Morgan Stanley (MS.N) shares slid 3.8 percent even after its profit doubled in the fourth quarter. The bank's finance chief, Jonathan Pruzan, said Morgan Stanley will not increase its quarterly target for the business until it is clear that recent revenue trends were sustainable. "We continue to see a rally in the 10-year bond, so as we see that yield curve shift lower, that is a potential headwind for financials," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. "The flatter the yield curve, the less implicit net interest margin there is. How that plays out, I don't know if anybody knows ... but it's usually not a positive for the financials." Biotech and pharma stocks declined after Trump said in a Washington Post interview he would target companies over drug pricing and that he was ready to unveil a plan to replace Obamacare. The Nasdaq biotech index .NBI was down 2 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI ended down 58.96 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,826.77, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 6.75 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,267.89 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 35.39 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,538.73. U.S. stocks have mostly surged since Trump's election on bets that he would usher in an era of economic growth through fiscal stimulus. "You're getting some give-back to the areas that have really done well with the Trump election. Some of that is a feeling he's starting to take on a lot of targets," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management. Worries over Trump's economic policies and the potential for U.S. policy errors rose sharply this month, according to a survey of fund managers. Investors awaited more quarterly earnings reports from companies. Other major banks are due to report this week along with some transportation companies. The Dow Transportation Average .DJT, which shot up after the Nov. 8 election, closed down 1.1 percent. Shares of railroad CSX (CSX.O) fell 3.4 percent after the bell following its results, while CSX ended the regular session down 1.8 percent. Still, on the whole, S&P 500 companies are set to report their strongest profit growth in two years. A 1.4-percent rise in consumer staples .SPLRCS offset some of the losses in the regular session. About 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 6.3 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.23-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.41-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted nine new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq recorded 57 new highs and 20 lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Sinead Carew in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Next In Business News S&P revises Turkey's outlook to negative Ratings agency S&P revised its outlook for Turkey to 'negative' from 'stable', citing rising constraints on policy makers' ability to tame inflationary and currency pressures. Wait-and-see central banks to play second fiddle to Trump LONDON U.S. President Donald Trump will again be center of attention in the coming week with any policy statements, having helped put the Federal Reserve, Bank of England and other central banks in wait-and-see mode. U.S. auto sales expected to hit record 17.6 million in 2017: JD Power, LMC Automotive DETROIT U.S. auto sales are expected to remain robust and scale a record high of 17.6 million vehicles in 2017, lifted by expected fiscal stimulus and deregulatory policies of President Donald Trump, consultancies J.D. Power and LMC Automotive said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Amazon Will Soon Begin Accepting Food Stamps For Grocery Purchases January 17, 2017 1:22pm NASDAQ:AMZN ShareTweet From StockNews.com: There are over 43 million Americans on food stamps, and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) wants to become the place where they go grocery shopping. The company, along with six others, is participating in a new government pilot program from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) that’s intent on bringing fresh groceries to poverty-stricken Americans that don’t have access to grocery stores in their area: The two-year program by the U.S. Department of Agriculture could help to alleviate what are known as food deserts, areas where residents have little access to fresh food and groceries, while also relieving some of the stigma of using food aid. This could be a breakthrough of sorts for Amazon, which to this point has lost out to Walmart in terms of low-income grocery shopping. If the poor can simply log onto Amazon and order groceries using food stamps, that gap would likely narrow very quickly. It’s worth noting that Walmart is the nation’s largest seller of groceries, so the opportunity is huge. According to the USDA, the SNAP program distributes $66 billion in food aid to 43 million Americans per year. Amazon.com, Inc. shares were trading at $808.94 per share on Tuesday afternoon, down $8.20 (-1.00%). Year-to-date, AMZN has gained 7.88%, versus a 1.36% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. AMZN currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #3 of 44 stocks in the Internet category. This article is brought to you courtesy of StockNews.com. Tags: Amazon Equity groceries NASDAQ:AMZN retail technology Categories: NASDAQ:AMZN Read Next Amazon’s New Prime Credit Card Offers 5% Cashback On All Prime Purchases Amazon Unveils House Brand “Wickedly Prime” Snack Products Amazon Wants To Become The World’s Largest Grocery Chain Amazon Is Taking On Wal-Mart With New Grocery Business Report: Amazon to Open Small Brick-and-Mortar Grocery Stores Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular BlackRock: Inflation Is Surging, So Buy Some Gold So, The Dow Hit 20K For The First Time In History — Now What? These Two Gold Ratios Could Determine Where Prices Are Headed This Year Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street falls with financials, other post-election gainers News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street falls with financials, other post-election gainers U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday, with financials, transports and other big post-election gainers losing ground as earnings season kicked into gear. Posted 17 Jan 2017 20:35 Updated 18 Jan 2017 06:40 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday, with financials, transports and other big post-election gainers losing ground as earnings season kicked into gear. Also weighing on stocks were concerns about protectionist trade policies planned by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. The concerns pushed the dollar to its lowest in more than a month and bond yields down as investors cut risk. The S&P 500 financial index , which has rallied since the election on expectations of higher interest rates and reduced regulation under Trump, had its worst day since June 27 and led sector losses. It fell 2.3 percent. Morgan Stanley shares slid 3.8 percent even after its profit doubled in the fourth quarter. The bank's finance chief, Jonathan Pruzan, said Morgan Stanley will not increase its quarterly target for the business until it is clear that recent revenue trends were sustainable. "We continue to see a rally in the 10-year bond, so as we see that yield curve shift lower, that is a potential headwind for financials," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. "The flatter the yield curve, the less implicit net interest margin there is. How that plays out, I don't know if anybody knows ... but it's usually not a positive for the financials." Biotech and pharma stocks declined after Trump said in a Washington Post interview he would target companies over drug pricing and that he was ready to unveil a plan to replace Obamacare. The Nasdaq biotech index was down 2 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 58.96 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,826.77, the S&P 500 lost 6.75 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,267.89 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.39 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,538.73. U.S. stocks have mostly surged since Trump's election on bets that he would usher in an era of economic growth through fiscal stimulus. "You're getting some give-back to the areas that have really done well with the Trump election. Some of that is a feeling he's starting to take on a lot of targets," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management. Worries over Trump's economic policies and the potential for U.S. policy errors rose sharply this month, according to a survey of fund managers. Investors awaited more quarterly earnings reports from companies. Other major banks are due to report this week along with some transportation companies. The Dow Transportation Average , which shot up after the Nov. 8 election, closed down 1.1 percent. Shares of railroad CSX fell 3.4 percent after the bell following its results, while CSX ended the regular session down 1.8 percent. Still, on the whole, S&P 500 companies are set to report their strongest profit growth in two years. A 1.4-percent rise in consumer staples offset some of the losses in the regular session. About 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 6.3 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.23-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.41-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted nine new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq recorded 57 new highs and 20 lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Sinead Carew in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Midday Market Update Markets Slump to Commence Inauguration Week PrintCommentRecommend (-) By Milad Nourmohammadi | 01-17-17 | 10:30 AM | Email Article U.S. Markets The post-election rally that has occurred since November seems to be slowing down as President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration approaches. About the Author Milad Nourmohammadi is an associate data analyst for Morningstar. Contact Author | Meet other investing specialists All three of the primary U.S. benchmarks were down after Tuesday's opening bell as financials and healthcare stocks led losses for the S&P 500, and falling biotechnology stocks contributed to the slumps seen in the Nasdaq Composite. The U.S. dollar also dropped sharply after The Wall Street Journal published an interview on Friday in which Trump stated that the currency was "too strong." Analysts worry that investors may be focusing more on political news during the weeks that follow the new presidency rather than earnings releases--as a result, markets may face more volatility than previously anticipated. With Inauguration Day on Friday, the markets could experience many swings this week alone. Stocks on the Move Shares of  UnitedHealth Group  were down on Tuesday despite the company's increase in profits and revenue during the latest quarter. The largest U.S. healthcare insurer topped analysts' forecasts with a reported net income and revenue of $1.90 billion and $47.52 billion, respectively. UnitedHealth also confirmed its outlook for earnings this year, estimating a range of $9.30 to $9.60 a share.  Wal-Mart  saw its shares rise after the country's largest private employer announced that it would be adding 10,000 U.S. jobs this year. The new jobs will come from planned store openings, store expansions, and new e-commerce services. Furthermore, according to Wal-Mart, thousands of construction jobs will be created as a result of these efforts. Emphasis on U.S. job growth seems to have been added to many major companies' agendas, as  Amazon  announced last week that it would be adding 100,000 full-time jobs in the United States in the next 18 months. Foreign Markets Asian markets finished down on Tuesday prior to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May's speech addressing the break from the European Union. The Nikkei Stock Average closed down 1.48%, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 dropped 0.85%. Chinese markets looked to rebound after significant drops in share prices on Monday, which was led by a sell-off in the technology sector. The Shenzhen Composite Index closed up 1.17% as the Shanghai Composite Index also finished up at 0.17%. The anxiety seen ahead of May's speech, as well as the upcoming inauguration of Trump as U.S. president, has led to mixed reactions thus far across Asian markets. U.K. stocks were heading toward their largest one-day fall since Dec. 12 after May's announcement that Britain will "not seek membership of the single market but the greatest possible access to it." The FTSE 100 was on track to break its 14-day winning streak, while the Stoxx Europe 600 was also on pace to end Tuesday's trading session in the red. Return to Discuss Securities mentioned in this article Ticker Price($) Change(%) Morningstar Rating Morningstar Analyst Report With Morningstar Analyst reports you can get our expert Buy/Sell opinions on over 3,900 Stock and Funds Milad Nourmohammadi does not own shares in any of the securities mentioned above. Find out about Morningstar's editorial policies. Video Reports Weekly Wrap: Dow Hits 20,000,... More Videos... Most Popular Related News Also in Midday Market Update Investors Turn Their Attention to Earnings Reports U.S. Markets Look to Rebound From Recent LossesInvestor Caution Continues Under New PresidentInvestors Seek Clues in the Inauguration SpeechEconomic Data Remains Strong as Markets Struggle Sponsored Links Sponsor Center Please Wait... 788564 MARKETS USA_AMZN,USA_UNH,USA_WMT E0_USA_AMZN E0_USA_UNH E0_USA_WMT &primaryKeyword=MARKETS 2 {CommentWebService} Content Partners Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Best and Worst of 2016  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Pop Culture Pop Culture Gigi Hadid's Mysterious Gold Ring Stirs Up Zayn Malik Engagement Rumors Share Tweet Gigi Hadid's Mysterious Gold Ring Stirs Up Zayn Malik Engagement Rumors By Trace William Cowen happy to waste more of your time here: @tracecowen Jan 17, 2017 Share Tweet 0 Image via @GigiHadid People are still getting engaged? Well, at least two people are, if the rumors are to be believed. Photos of a certain ring on a certain finger have revived rumors surrounding the engagement of Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid: Is Gigi Hadid engaged? 🤔💕 pic.twitter.com/9u0mo2Cng5 — Amor Magazine UK (@amormagazineUK) January 17, 2017 Hadid was spotted rocking a mysterious ring by the usual sources of such information in New York City Monday, the New York Daily News reported. Though no official statements from any of the involved parties have been released, Hadid's possession of a gold ring has quickly evolved into full-blown engagement hysteria: Zayn Malik is engaged — Reasons to Cry (@WhyDoUCry) January 17, 2017 Damn. Others, however, are more concerned with conspiracy theories and/or general disinterest: Lmao Gigi's "engagement" ring is worse than Perrie's Walmart ring 😂😂🙊#zigiisfake pic.twitter.com/DNCfxKjfqX — #LoveFeelsBest ❤💛 (@ziamstan_) January 17, 2017 The Sun: Gigi with an engagement ring Us, Zayn, Liam, the whole World, alliens : pic.twitter.com/9ud38E34Bo — lynda (@lylouhazzalou) January 17, 2017 Zayn would give Gigi anything tf he wants and y'all got mad that he gave her a damn ring lmao y'all can't relate — ⚡ Mei (@zainstiIes) January 17, 2017 AMAZING work, internet.  Related Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik Make Out All Over Italy for 'Vogue' Zayn Malik Shares Intimate Instagram Selfie With Rumored Model Girlfriend Gigi Hadid Zayn Malik Confirms He's Dating Model Gigi Hadid and Talks About His New Album True scholars of such concerns will recall that, thanks to a report from the esteemed Life & Style magazine back in December, fans previously had to battle engagement rumors of a much different nature. Gigi Hadid reportedly turned down a proposal from Zayn Malik last year, citing age. "She's only 21 and doesn't feel ready to tie the knot, so she turned him down," a supposed "source" said at the time. During his cover story chat with Complex last year, Zayn said he was still working to keep his personal and private lives as distinguishable as possible. "I try to keep the two very separate," he told Complex. "I try to, as much as I can. But there's only so much you can do." Indeed. Tags: News, Dating, Relationships, Rumors, Gigi Hadid, Zayn Malik  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments 0 Lateststories Mischa Barton Hospitalized for Mental Evaluation After Exhibiting Bizarre Behavior BY Aaron Mansfield 1 hour ago It Looks Like Corinne Olympios From 'The Bachelor' Appeared in a 2 Chainz Video in 2011 BY Gavin Evans 3 hours ago Music Robin Thicke Slapped With Restraining Order After Paula Patton Alleges Abuse BY Trace Cowen 4 hours ago Mia Khalifa Says Only 1 Guy Has Successfully Slid Into Her DMs BY Chris Yuscavage 5 hours ago The 25 Best Comedies On Netflix Right Now BY Matt Barone 9 hours ago Jessica Williams on Leaving 'The Daily Show' and Crushing on Keith Stanfield BY Meredith Alloway 11 hours ago Watch Samuel L. Jackson Get Quizzed by Old People on His Classic Movie Lines BY Trace Cowen 12 hours ago Jerry Seinfeld Shares Misguided Black Lives Matter Pun, Twitter Promptly Goes In BY Trace Cowen Jan 26, 2017 NYPD Will Help Protect Shia LaBeouf's 'He Will Not Divide Us' Livestream From Hate Speech BY Trace Cowen Jan 26, 2017 Rob Kardashian Celebrates 1 Year With Blac Chyna, Conveniently Forgets All the Times They Broke Up BY Trace Cowen Jan 26, 2017 NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map Feeds MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
January 28, 2017 0243 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:175938 Publish Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2017 21:04:28 GMT Service: Iran GM to invest additional $1bn in US manufacturing operations General Motors has decided to invest an additional $1 billion in the US manufacturing operations and create up to 5,000 jobs in the coming years. The car manufacturer said in a statement that the investments in new vehicle and advanced technology are connected with 1,500 new and retained jobs, while 450 will be returned to the US from Mexico. According to the statement, those and other moves are expected to total 5,000 new US jobs over the next few years. The company also noted that the latest investments follow $2.9 billion announced in 2016 and more than $21 billion invested in its US operations since 2009. GM is among many other companies including Amazon, Ford and WalMart to announce plans to create jobs in the US. The American companies are under continued pressure from the US President-elect Trump, who has threatened stiff penalties on companies that import products manufactured overseas.   Immediately after the GM and Walmart announcements on Tuesday, Trump took credit for the new jobs in a pair of tweets. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing big stuff.” He tweeted. GM Chair and CEO Mary Barra said: "As the US manufacturing base increases its competitiveness, we are able to further increase our investment, resulting in more jobs for America and better results for our owners." "The US is our home market and we are committed to growth that is good for our employees, dealers and suppliers and supports our continued effort to drive shareholder value," she added in a statement.     KeyWords GM US manufacturing   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News All JCPOA parties must fulfill commitments: IAEA’s Amano Iranian keeper Makani joins Norway’s Stromsgodset Debris removal operations end at site of Tehran tower collapse Tehran, Damascus say successful truce will lead to peace in Syria Indian ambassador hails improved Iran trade in post-JCPOA era Interior minister: Electrical short-circuit, main cause of Plasco blaze Floods hit southeast Iran AEOI: Iran will be fourth stable isotope producer in world UK premier defends Iran nuclear deal Syria, Iran call for nationwide truce consolidation Most Visited Trump fires foreign ambassadors with no replacements Trump protesters facing 10 years in prison, heavy fine Trump admin vows to prevent Beijing's island building in South China Sea www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/4126 sec
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls as bank, healthcare shares weigh By Reuters Published: 13:09 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 13:09 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 17 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday, weighed down by financial and healthcare stocks, as investors turned skittish following President-elect Donald Trump's remarks on the dollar and drug pricing. Biotech and pharma stocks declined after Trump told the Washington Post that he would target companies over drug pricing and that he was ready to unveil a plan to replace Obamacare. The S&P 500 healthcare sector fell 0.7 percent, while Nasdaq biotech index slipped 1.8 percent. Investors maybe concerned that Trump is "going after the Affordable Care Act and is burning a little political capital that might otherwise have been used for business friendly matters," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist of Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. The dollar index fell by 0.7 percent to a near six-week low of 100.46 after Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the strength of the currency was hurting competitiveness of U.S. companies. However, a 1.2 percent rise in consumer staples offset some of the losses. Wal-Mart rose 2.5 percent and gave the biggest boost to the Dow after the retailer said it would create 10,000 jobs in the United States this year. U.S. stocks and the dollar have surged since Trump's election on bets that he would usher in an era of economic growth through fiscal stimulus. However, the rally has hit a speed bump ahead of the Jan. 20 Inauguration Day as investors are increasingly nervous of what his policies could mean to world trade. A trade war between the U.S. and China and a strengthening dollar are among the biggest threats to a brightening global economic outlook, leading economists at the World Economic Forum in Davos felt. At 12:30 a.m. ET (1730 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 42 points, or 0.21 percent, at 19,843.73. The S&P 500 was down 4.42 points, or 0.19 percent, at 2,270.22, while the Nasdaq Composite was down 26.94 points, or 0.48 percent, at 5,547.18. Financial stocks, which have benefited the most in the post-election rally, dropped 1.7 percent and were the biggest losers among the 11 major S&P 500 sectors. "The group is up 17 percent since the election, and they've all had at least one thing against them in the reports so far. So it's not surprising to see some profit-taking," Hogan said. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,498 to 1,415. On the Nasdaq, 1,921 issues fell and 900 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed seven new 52-week highs and one new low, while the Nasdaq recorded 42 new highs and 14 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
