Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart shareholders approve directors, compensation June 5, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Walmart shared the results of its 47th annual shareholders meeting held June 2.   The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 92.7% or more of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The approved directors are James I. Cash Jr., Timothy P. Flynn, Carla A. Harris, Thomas W. Horton, Marissa A. Mayer, C. Douglas McMillion, Gregory B. Penner, Steven S. Reinemund, Kevin Y. Systrom, S. Robson Walton, and Steuart L. Walton.    Shareholders voted to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74% of the shares voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The board of directors had recommended a frequency of one year, the company reported.   Shares also approved the compensation of the chain’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14% of eligible shareholders voting in favor of this proposal. The board of directors had recommended a vote for this. proposal.   The group also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants. Approximately 99.23% of eligible shares voted in favor.   The board of directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares and, accordingly, they did not pass. These were a request to adopt an independent chairman policy (approximately 15.15% of the shares voted in favor); shareholder proxy access (although the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting 26.24% of the shares voted in support of this proposal); request for independent director with environmental expertise (approximately 2.13% voted in favor), and request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S. (less than 0.01% of the shares were in favor).   The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to Walmart.  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented BJ's adds former Belk and Dick's Sporting Goods execs to its leadership team Five in-store amenities helping to drive traffic and engagement And the Store of the Year is... Walmart leverages ‘employees’ for last-mile delivery initiative Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Whole Foods Market disappoints Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/wal-mart-color-me-impressed-1496672344 Stocks to Watch Wal-Mart: Color Me Impressed? Analysts weigh in on Wal-Mart's investor day. One comes away "impressed;" another worries about valuation. By Ben Levisohn June 5, 2017 10:18 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Wal-Mart (WMT) held its annual investor day on Friday, and while it didn't do anything to move big-box retailer's stock, it left many analysts impressed with Wal-Mart's strategy for taking on Amazon.com (AMZN) and other online retailers. Illustration: Getty Images In fact, that was the exact word that Cowen's Oliver Chen and team used to describe the company's presentation. They explain why: We came away from WMT's shareholder meeting impressed with management's desire and understanding of how to transition WMT to a leading 21st century retailer. WMT is creating innovative ways to leverage its massive store footprint (3,534 Superceneters and 698 Neighborhood Markets and 90% of the U.S. population is within 10 miles of a WMT store) as it continues to build out its e-comm platform to become a leader in omni-channel retailing. WMT provided further details into its recently implemented initiative to provide discounts on items ordered online and picked up in store - this has been resonating very well with customers and has led to a noticeable uptick in orders. The program is a win for both the retailer and its customers as WMT is able to significantly lower shipping expenses given 70% to 80% of total shipping costs are incurred in the "last mile" and pass on the savings to customers. WMT currently offers discounts on approximately 700,000 items with plans to increase SKUs over time. Furthermore, WMT continues to leverage its stores through curbside pick-up which is now available in 670 locations with plans to almost double by year-end. Management noted customers seem to be very happy with the service with MPS scores in the 80s, and is helping drive strong e-comm sales growth. Furthermore, management is happy with results of recently introduced free two-day shipping on orders of $35+ on 2 million items and plans to continue adding SKUs, although noted getting right mix is important given top 1 million items generally drive 2/3 of sales. Wells Fargo's Zachary Fadem and team note that Wal-Mart's "evolution appears to have legs" but they worry about the stock's recent gains: WMT’s 47th annual shareholder meeting featured celebrity guests, associates from around the world and time with senior management. WMT’s message highlighted ecommerce momentum (reinforcing 63% Q1 growth) and on-going store initiatives (associate training, inventory management, pricing, etc.) but work remains to improve cost controls and build out ecommerce scale. While WMT’s evolution appears to have legs, shares have rallied on solid brick-and-mortar share gains along with improving long-term ecommerce potential. Given these positives, we believe a premium multiple makes sense, but at 18x NTM P/E and likely bumps along the way, we await a better entry point. Reiterate Market Perform. Shares of Wal-Mart is little changed at $79.65 at 10:13 a.m. today, while Amazon.com has ticked up 0.1% to $1,007.44. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Under Armour: Hooray for the Curry 4? NEXT Halliburton: Heads I Win, Tails You Lose Most Popular What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony 5 Tech Stocks for the Long Run Why Pandora Tanked Today Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism U.S. manufacturing industry lost 1,000 jobs in May, ending five-month growth streak EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Fort Smith’s Brick City Emporium wins Ozark SBA InnovateHER challenge TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Ethics attorney for Wal-Mart a name submitted for U.S. Attorney for western Arkansas Fort Smith attorney to seek House District 76 seat; Rep. Douglas to not seek re-election District 75 seat Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates Fort Smith’s Brick City Emporium wins Ozark SBA InnovateHER challenge TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 Phat Tire Bike Shop expanding with downtown Siloam Springs location Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Used vehicle price index hits record high Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart execs Foran and Lore discuss integration of e-commerce and physical stores BusinessLatest NewsRetail by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 3 days ago 344 views  Tags: Wal-Mart e-commerce 0 SHARES Share Tweet Two of Wal-Mart’s top executives say they don’t have a crystal ball to predict how retail will look in five years but they are committed to testing new processes and new digital applications that enhance everything from store operations to customer home delivery. Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran and Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore spoke to the media Thursday (June 1) during the Wal-Mart shareholders’ meeting. Reporters were not given the opportunity to ask questions but Jane Ewing, senior vice president of digital acceleration at Walmart, interviewed them for the media. Lore said some of the mindset around the new home delivery facilitated by Wal-Mart employees came from the retailer’s mission to try to take costs of out the supply chain. He said store pick-up is the most cost-effective for the retailer, but home delivery that uses Wal-Mart trucks to bring online orders from fulfillment centers to stores has the cost built in and the stipend paid to employees is still making the best use of Wal-Mart’s resources. He said this is different from crowd-sourced delivery like the tests with Uber and Lyft to deliver groceries in about 12 markets. These drivers go to the store and pick up the order, where the Wal-Mart employee is already at the store saving one leg on that transportation route. He said this pulls time out of the last mile and therefore reduces costs. “This is very exciting news and another way we are leveraging our unique set of assets,” Lore said. Lore said the 63% uptick in online sales for the first quarter was a result of more consumers ordering online and perhaps picking up in store for a discount. He said as the online inventory has increased to more than 50 million products and and more than 1 million items can be delivered in two days for free if the total order is above $35, consumers are recognizing the value. When asked about Amazon’s recent move to lower the order total to $25 for Prime Members, Lore said it’s apple and oranges when you consider that Walmart.com does not require a membership. Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran (left) and Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore are interviewed by Jane Ewing, senior vice president of digital acceleration at Wal-Mart for the media Thursday in Bentonville. “We feel good about the proposition we are offering,” Lore said. He also said the strategy is now focused on driving the e-commerce business by delivering on what he calls the Consumer Value Index or CVI. He said there are five metrics that Walmart.com must do right to be successful with its CVI index and that involves: • Having what the customer wants; • Having it easy for customers to find it; • Displaying all the information about the product customers want; • Pricing it right; and • Delivering it the way a customer prefers. “If we can get all those right, we can have offer a great customer experience,” Lore said. Ewing asked Foran to talk about the better-than-expected first quarter financial results recently reported. “One of the metrics that sticks out to me is the improved traffic. That is the result of us putting together the right plan two years ago and executing against that plan. … But the secret sauce in all of this has been our associates and the training we have been doing with them,” Foran said. He said the improved traffic for 10 consecutive quarters indicates the changes are working. He said the work to revamp store operations and improved training for employees are making a difference. “It’s been an enormous challenge circa 2015 and we are about one-third of the where we want to get to. There is lots more to do. It’s hard and grinding work,” Foran said. Ewing asked Foran to discuss how digital is impacting store operations. He said technology is facilitating some of the changes. For instance, he said apps that are accessible by store management on their smart phones or hand-held devices in stores offer employees ways to hone their skills and also measure their departments against the retailer’s one best way. Foran said technology is playing a larger role in store operations by employees and customers. He said Scan & Go has been around for 10 to 15 years in the United Kingdom and a few years in the U.S., but it’s just now starting to gain momentum on this side of the pond. “Today I routinely see people using their phones to check online prices and inventory against the store display while in store. This (technology) is a moving beast here and it’s happening very quickly and we see the customer putting it all together. It’s happening in just about every part of the store,” Foran said. He said in-store pick-up that’s available in about 600 stores and being expanded all the time puts a lot of pressure on Wal-Mart because it can be a good experience or a bad one. He said it’s really hard to do “fresh” right and grocery pick-up lifts the bar for the whole store. “If I can get in there and it’s less than a minute or two that’s fantastic and maybe I will pick up a gallon of milk and something else when I come to the store. But there’s a lot we could get wrong,” he said. “If we can perfect the pick up experience, it could be a saving grace.” Foran said the retailer is still testing the tall tower vending machine-type dispenser in Store No. 1 in Rogers. The retailer installed a shipping container in Oklahoma City as a drive by pick-up center that Foran said is working well. He said the shopping experience will continue to be as “frictionless as possible.” “If you asked me to write down in the next five or 10 years what retail would entail, most of it would be wrong. I am just not that smart to know what all will stick and what won’t. You need to have a few things in the hopper and then get after what works,” Foran added. “We must all keep our minds as open as we can to what the future might look like.” Lore said the e-commerce business would continue to expand by building on its trajectory amid growing inventory on Jet.com and Walmart.com with category leadership coming out of the three recent acquisitions. “We are pretty happy about the way things are going,” he said. Lore added that a major reason the retailer launched Store No. 8 – the investment innovation arm of the business – was because running the day-to-day business gives little time for innovating for the future. He expects artificial intelligence and virtual reality will continue to have retail applications. Comments comments Previous post State’s expanding labor pool still has room to grow, experts say Next post New jobs records set in Northwest Arkansas, Jonesboro metro in April Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Elder Law and why is it important to you Justin Allen Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, non-berries, and stuff that doesn’t make America great again Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Latest Popular Elder Law and why is it important to you 1 min ago U.S. manufacturing industry lost 1,000 jobs in May, ending five-month growth streak 1 hour ago Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates 11 hours ago EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo 12 hours ago Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ 15 hours ago Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,505 views Late Fort Smith City Administrator Ray Gosack gifts $750,000 to universities 1,502 views Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 1,083 views First District Democrat eyeing challenge to Rep. Crawford 1,015 views Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ 875 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Interview: Jana Kramer talks fitness, acting, family and music Special Listen | Print By Markos Papadatos     Jun 5, 2017 in Music Actress ("One Tree Hill") and country music star Jana Kramer chatted with Digital Journal about her future plans and partnership with U by Kotex Fitness at Walmart. Kramer teamed up with U by Kotex Fitness at Walmart to help consumers make sure nothing gets in the way of exercising, including self-doubt, or fear, or being on her period. "I am so excited. It is committed to making things when it comes to periods and period experiences," she said. "I love, love working out and it's always been hard when I was on my period, cause I never felt like I was secure in that department, but U by Kotex Fitness flexes with you. It's affordable and it is really neat. It's a game changer, and I never want my period to hold me back." The actress and songstress opened up about how she fitness into her busy routine, in an effort to feel confident on the red carpet and beyond. Kramer noted that her gym bag is made up of water, boxing gloves, resistance bands, a protein bar, and an apple or a banana. "I also have a little piece of chocolate, since I have a sweet tooth," she said. "I don't really carry clutches because I will usually lose them since they are so small. I'm used to big, over-sized bags." Her favorite on-the-go workouts include kickboxing, hiking and a ton of lunges. "I just love being outside. I grew up in Michigan, so we lived outside in my childhood," she said. Each day, Kramer is motivated by her daughter, Jolie. "She is definitely the reason I work as I hard as I do. I want to be able to provide for her and support her. I love to work hard for her, and for her future," she said. When asked how she balances a family life and a music career, she said, "It's very hard to juggle it all, but I've gotten the hang of it now. I'm moving back to Los Angeles, and I'm getting more into acting. I'm still doing music, but I'm doing it more my way now." Her single "I Got The Boy" was a smash hit for Kramer, and it was certified platinum. "That was a big song for me. It was about my high school sweetheart. It ended up becoming a lot of other people's stories. I was very happy about that one." She listed "Circles" as her personal favorite song of hers. "I love that song," she admitted, prior to listing Adam Levine from Maroon 5 as her dream male duet choice in music. For her fans, Kramer concluded, "Thank you for being there with me through all the ups and downs and for always being so supportive." To learn more about actress and singer Jana Kramer, check out her official website and Instagram page. More about Jana Kramer, Actress, Country, i got the boy   Jana Kramer Actress Country i got the boy Latest News Top News Op-Ed: Libyan commander Haftar wages successful military campaign An increasingly isolated Trump joins the battle of his life When IS group reign ends, who will rule Syria's Raqa? Hooray for... Kumawood! Ghana's fastest filmmakers Cuba drills for own oil as Venezuelan flow falters Lithuania warns Russian drill may mask troop build-up Iran says Tehran attackers had been to IS bastions Mosul, Raqa Fossils shaking up our understanding of human origins Clark Hill talks new single 'Perfect to Me' and Miranda Lambert Special Soros's baby, Orban's enemy: the Central European University Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
'Serial shoplifter' faces up to 7 years in Red Bull ripoff - The Buffalo News Niagara County Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Colleges Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Bandits Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Death Submissions Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout 'Serial shoplifter' faces up to 7 years in Red Bull ripoff By Thomas J. Prohaska Published Mon, Jun 5, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL Tracy R. Maracle, who was banned from all Walmarts after being caught shoplifting at the chain's Springville location in May 2015, faces up to seven years in prison after admitting Monday that he tried to wheel a cart full of Red Bull energy drinks out of the North Tonawanda Walmart last year. Maracle, 46, of Empire Street, Franklinville, pleaded guilty to third-degree burglary. He was arrested on May 12, 2016. The plea settled an indictment that also accused him of returning to the North Tonawanda Walmart Aug. 13 and trying to steal a television. "He's a serial shoplifter," Niagara County Assistant District Attorney Kevin D. Canali said. Maracle's cart included mostly Red Bull but also contained some pop, toilet paper and a laundry hamper, with a total price of $280. Maracle, who was brought to court in a wheelchair because of a lower back injury, is to be sentenced July 21 by Niagara County Judge Matthew J. Murphy III. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
MENU GO 68 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Community Calendar FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card Best Of The Class CIRCA more... News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Community Calendar FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card Best Of The Class CIRCA Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Community Calendar FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card Best Of The Class Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Community Calendar FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card Best Of The Class Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox State Budget Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Community Calendar FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Partner Spotlight Fox 11 Golf Card Best Of The Class CIRCA component-ddb-728x90-v1-01-desktop Tracy Morgan refuses to testify in accident payout dispute by World Entertainment News Network Tracy Morgan arrives at the FX Networks Upfront Screening Of 'The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story' at AMC Empire 25 theater in New York March 30, 2016. (Michael Carpenter/WENN.com) AA Comedian Tracy Morgan is refusing to testify in an insurance dispute challenging the multimillion-dollar payout he received after a serious car accident. In 2014, the "30 Rock" star was a passenger in a limousine struck by a truck owned by retailer Walmart. Morgan's friend and fellow comedian Jimmy Mack died in the accident; the 48-year-old broke his legs and ribs and suffered a brain injury. Morgan and other survivors of the accident sued the company, and bosses agreed to a mammoth settlement deal, reported to be worth $90 million to Morgan and fellow comedian Ardie Fuqua, in May 2015. Lawyers for Walmart's insurer Ohio Casualty are suing the retailer to challenge the undisclosed payout, and want Morgan to testify under oath in a 7-hour deposition to probe his post-settlement spending and answer to claims he exaggerated his injuries. The comedian's lawyer Benedict Morelli has said Morgan will refuse to appear unless ordered, and called the attempt to depose his client, "harassment." "Deposing Tracy Morgan will lead to nothing. We are opposing it," Morelli told The New York Post. "The people I represented were all in comas for more than a week. They were devastatingly injured." He added, "It's all about harassment. They're making my clients victims again so that they could save their insurance company some money." Morgan, Fuqua, Mack and a friend were returning home from a stand-up comedy gig at a Delaware casino when the Walmart truck crashed into their vehicle while they were traveling on the New Jersey Turnpike. The truck's driver Kevin Roper had allegedly not slept for more than 24 hours before the accident and pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and aggravated assault. Morelli said the severe injuries had harmed Morgan's career, as he struggled to remember his stand-up routines. "When he does stand-up comedy now, he has a stool and he keeps sitting down because he can't stand," Morelli said. "He now needs notes when he does stand-up because he doesn't have the same memory." He also denied his clients received $90 million in the settlement. A judge will rule on whether Morgan must be deposed in Ohio Casualty's New Jersey federal lawsuit on June 19. close Trending 1   18-year-old arrested for drunk driving twice in a few hours 2   Oshkosh police search for escaped prisoner 3   Popular restaurant in the U.P. closes 4   'Disgruntled' former employee shoots, kills 5 at workplace before committing suicide 5   Oshkosh Correctional Institution on lockdown DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLUK Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO News In Pictures Gallery: Ariana Grande, Katy Perry, others show love to Manchester at 'One Love' concert Photos: 2017 Jordy Nelson Charity Softball Game NEW Zoo Director Neil Anderson talks about Belize accident 'Disgruntled' former employee shoots, kills 5 at workplace before committing suicide ShareTweet × Trending 1 18-year-old arrested for drunk driving twice in a few hours 2 Oshkosh police search for escaped prisoner 3 Popular restaurant in the U.P. closes 4 'Disgruntled' former employee shoots, kills 5 at workplace before committing suicide 5 Oshkosh Correctional Institution on lockdown 6 Botanical garden holds annual garden fair 7 Little Chute celebrates National Cheese Day at annual Cheese Fest 8 Green Bay Metro Fire: Stranded boaters rescued on Cat Island 9 Four Oshkosh teens arrested, accused of stealing two vehicles 10 London terror incidents: What we know and what we don't know so far
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Lisenbee: Snakes are plentiful, but worries needn't be Sunday May 21, 2017 at 7:00 AM Reason vary for the reported increase in the reptiles, but using common sense during an encounter is the best course of action Len Lisenbee A recent newspaper headline was certainly eye-catching, to say the least: “Dozens of snakes dumped in an Arkansas Walmart parking lot.”  And that story went on to say that “shoppers at a Walmart in Arkansas got an unwanted surprised over the weekend when they found dozens of snakes in the parking lot, according to police.” Yes, the police were called and quickly responded to the scene of that “crime.” Then the rumors began. The snakes were water moccasins or copperheads. Someone dumped them there in the parking lot. A suspicious-looking pick-up truck was seen leaving the area just before the snakes were discovered. And on and on, the rumors flew. It took a police officer with a little knowledge of local snakes to set the record straight. They were “garden” snakes. What a mystery! But what is the truth concerning this matter? First, they were garter snakes, not “garden” snakes. And while they do not like to be caught by humans, once they are in hand they are usually one of the gentlest snakes and rarely bite. So what is the most likely answer to the numerous (“several dozen”) snakes in that parking lot? Blame everything on the male garter snakes. You see, when a female leaves her den and she is in a breeding mode, she leaves an intense and constant trail of female “pheromones” (as a family paper I cannot use more descriptive terms) as she slitters along. Every male that crosses her trail will instantly turn and follow it.  What happened in that Arkansas parking lot actually occurs tens of thousands of times all across the extensive range of the garter snake (although it is rarely observed). Multiple male snakes caught up to her and attempted to mate with her at the same time. They formed a snake breeding “ball.” And one or more males got lucky and passed on its DNA to the offspring she will bear in around two to three months.  Snakes have been in the news a lot lately. The Center for Disease Control (CDC) reports that snakebites by poisonous snakes are up 40 percent so far this year over last. And I am not referring to idiots like Michael Larneard, 27, of Staten Island, who was bitten on March 11 by his illegal “pet” Gaboon viper while he was cleaning its cage. That species is considered one of the world's deadliest snakes. But this yahoo got lucky because he only suffered a “dry” bite where no venom is injected. However, snakebites by species native to North America are up substantially so far this year. It appears that Georgia is one of several states that are reporting elevated numbers of bites by people who are just minding their own business.  Michael Jeffords, a young Georgia resident, met a copperhead up close and personal. He was at a friend’s lake house recently when the snake struck him on the foot. Fortunately his buddy knew exactly what to do. He got his car keys and put his friend in his car and drove to a nearby hospital for proper treatment of the bite. This situation has been and is being repeated in many areas across the southern U.S. Officials at the Georgia Poison Control Center in Atlanta with knowledge about local snake habits and bites in other states are chalking up the increase to a shorter and milder than normal winter. And their advice for the best antidote for anyone that suffers from any poisonous snake bite is to get to the nearest emergency room for an evaluation and the appropriate treatment if necessary. What about New York? Do we need to worry about poisonous snakes? I would comment on the two legged variety that inhabit the state’s legislature, but everyone already knows the dangers they pose. So I will instead limit my remarks to the legless critters that slither hither and yon.  Does NY have any poisonous snakes? Yes, there is a substantial population of timber rattlesnakes scattered across the state, with most inhabiting hilly or mountainous dens in extremely rugged rural areas.  There also are several marshy areas where you might find an endangered eastern massasauga rattlesnake. And there is an exceedingly limited population of copperheads in the extreme southeastern part of this state. Therefore the obvious conclusion must be stated. If you see a snake and you are not near the southern Catskill mountains, or Letchworth State Park, or the Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Massachusetts or Vermont borders, or Clay Marsh (near Syracuse) or the Tonawanda Wildlife Management Area (near Batavia), that snake is most likely to be non-poisonous. What about poisonous snakes like water moccasins and coral snakes, as well as the better known eastern and western diamond-backed rattlesnakes? None of these critters live anywhere near NY. The only way any of them might show up around here is if they are kept as pets and one escapes or is released by the owner. And both of those scenarios have been known to happen here in this state. As a side note, during my time as a Special Agent for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service I had to investigate numerous “tips” of individuals who were suspected of being in possession of exotic or protected native species of snakes. And my most common take-away from those contacts was that many of those individuals were nut-cases and accidents just waiting to happen. And believe me when I state that I saw just about everything imaginable. Cobras are very popular, both the well-known spectacled species as well as the African spitters and the king cobras. And every species of African poisonous snake including Gaboon vipers was observed. Australian snakes were also well-represented. The list is simply too long to revisit here. But I still occasionally wake up in a cold sweat with those bad memories. So what is the bottom line for us New Yorkers? Simply this. If you see a snake, walk away from it and leave it alone. It is probably a “friend” that eats garden pests and does nothing but good for humans. There is little or no danger that it will cause harm to us or our pets. Len Lisenbee is the Daily Messenger’s Outdoor Columnist. Contact him at lisenbee@frontiernet.net. About Us Site Services My Profile Contact Us Subscriptions Commercial Printing E-Edition Local Yellow Pages Archive Market Place Advertise With Us Coupons Real Estate Classifieds Local Ads Circulars Communities Brighton Fairport Gates-Chili Greece Henrietta Irondequoit Penfield Webster Multimedia Photo Galleries Blogs Facebook Twitter Bob Chavez: @MPN_bchavez Aaron Curtis: @mpn_ascurtis Julie Sherwood: @MPN_JSherwood Jack Haley: @jackhaley42 Sean McCrory: @MPN_Editor Mike Murphy: @MPN_MikeMurphy Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Monroe County Post ~ 73 Buffalo St., Canandaigua, NY 14424 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home Your Community Brighton Fairport Greece Gates-Chili Henrietta Irondequoit Penfield Webster News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Shareable Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Calendar Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Blogs Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business CBD June 5 2017 Save Print License article Pnina Feldman's cannabis stock Queensland Bauxite clears the air on Andrew 'Dr Pot' Katelaris confusion Colin Kruger, CBD Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A bit of notoriety is good for a medicinal cannabis start-up, but obviously not too much. Pnina "Diamond Rose" Feldman's well known pot stock, Queensland Bauxite Ltd, had to clear the air on Monday as to the status of an employee at its 55 per cent owned Medical Cannabis Ltd (MCL) – company founder and secretary of the Hemp Party, Andrew Kavasilas.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 07:04 Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with ... Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 Video duration 00:46 What is the LET? What is the LET? The latest idea to curb greenhouse gases is a low emissions target, but what does that actually mean? Up Next Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:45 Video duration 00:45 Australia's first capsule hotel opens in ... Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Originating in Japan in the late 1970s, the capsule hotel has finally arrived in Australia. Up Next Hanson's call for internment Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:22 Video duration 02:22 Hanson's call for internment Hanson's call for internment Calls from One Nation leader Pauline Hanson to "intern" those on the terror watch list invoke a dark history of detainment that stretches back to World War Two. Up Next New vision of Bolt attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:26 Video duration 00:26 New vision of Bolt attack New vision of Bolt attack New vision has emerged up on Twitter of conservative commentator Andrew Bolt being attacked in Melbourne, shot by the attackers. Up Next London attacks: Australian families in mourning Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:28 Video duration 03:28 London attacks: Australian families in ... London attacks: Australian families in mourning The families of Kirsty Boden and Sara Zelenak are in mourning following confirmation of their deaths in the London Bridge terror attack. Up Next How we can stop copycat killers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:53 Video duration 00:53 How we can stop copycat killers How we can stop copycat killers Crime writer John Silvester says there's a fairly simple way we can discourage the kind of ISIS-inspired murder we saw in Brighton on Monday. Up Next Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump The infamous Watergate scandal that undid President Richard Nixon "pales" in comparison to President Donald Trump's links to Russia, says former US intelligence chief James Clapper. More videos Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed "It has come to our attention that there has been some confusion between Andrew Kavasilas of (MCL) and Andrew Katelaris," said the ASX release.   Katelaris is the controversial deregistered doctor, known as Dr Pot, who was arrested recently and will face court in a few weeks after being charged with some cannabis-related offences.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Pnina Feldman has sought to clear up confusion about the two Andrews. Photo: Ben Rushton "This is not the first time that there has been confusion between Andrew Katelaris and Andrew Kavasilas ... Australia's much-respected authority on medical cannabis," said the statement from Feldman.  Not that either Andrew would want to cast any stones when it comes to behaviour that might not meet the strict letter of the law.  Advertisement MCL's Kavasilas was recently quoted in Dope Magazine in his role as one of the organisers of Nimbin's annual MardiGrass festival.  When asked what he's most looking forward to this year, he mentioned "the joint rolling competition", where previous champion, Bob the Builder, would take on last year's winner, Luke Summ.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Dr Andrew Katelaris is one of Australia's biggest medicinal cannabis suppliers.  Photo: Rohan Thomson And do the competitors take the event seriously? "Oh yeah, Luke trains all year. Full hemp diet. He's a true athlete. You can pick any drug test you like, he'd fail them all," Kavasilas told the paper.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Illustration: John Shakespeare  Amazonian  As our local retailers wait for the great Amazon tsunami to hit our shores, some might be wondering what former Woolworths exec, Greg Foran, has done about the behemoth. After all, he has been fighting Amazon in its own backyard for the past three years as the CEO of Walmart's US supermarket business.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Walmart US CEO Greg Foran used to be a top Woolworths executive. Photo: Jim Rice "Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce," Foran told employees and investors at the week-long party that preceded last Friday's shareholder meeting. "But we have an advantage that no one else has: all of you, our associates." He meant this quite literally, given Walmart is now trialling a service where employees are given incentives to deliver packages on their way home from work.  Keep in mind that Walmart claims to employ 1.5 million "associates" in the US alone.   And the incentives might work given the report a few years back stating Walmart's lowly paid workers cost US taxpayers $US6.2 billion in assistance including food stamps. One of Foran's early initiatives was to spend billions giving his employees a pay rise and billions more on the retailer's e-commerce efforts.  This includes a five-metre high tower, nicknamed Rapunzel, which acts as a vending machine for online purchases.  But for the most part, Foran has relied on very familiar sounding strategies like fresh food – wonder where he got that one from? – and cutting prices to narrow the gap with Aldi.  Online sales have grown strongly and earnings are actually heading in the right direction. So, what has that done for investors?  Walmart shares are now worth slightly more than when Foran joined in 2014, while Amazon shares have nearly tripled in value over the past two years to the point it is now worth double Walmart's market cap.  That's Gould  Before pharmaceutical group Cyclopharm announced its $7 million capital raising on Monday, one of its directors was pulled up by the ASX cops for some untidy paperwork.  It's the sort of thing that can happen to any director of a listed entity. You've got shares in all sorts of corporate vehicles, and it can get really hard to keep track of. Especially when you have to account for an interest in Cyclopharm stock, which you don't actually own, due to the fact that you act as an advisor to the entities, which hold the stock.  And then they sell their shares, and it's not like you will get informed in a timely manner.  Which is why the ASX cops pinged the rather unfortunate Vanda Russell Gould last week for his tardy change of director's interest notice.  The former high-flying Sydney accountant has a lot on his plate after he was found by the High Court last November to have avoided paying tax in a case the Tax Office described as "blatant tax evasion".   Follow CBD on Twitter. Got a tip? ckruger@fairfaxmedia.com.au Originally published on smh.com.au as 'Pnina Feldman's cannabis stock Queensland Bauxite clears the air on Andrew 'Dr Pot' Katelaris confusion'. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas 'This is in effect wage theft': The problem of working at Aldi WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada FirstGroup plc (FGP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Investec Bacanora Minerals Ltd Com’s (BCN) “not rated” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Xcerra Corp (XCRA) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.44 Per Share De La Rue plc’s (DLAR) Hold Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Informa Plc (INF) Earns Hold Rating from Liberum Capital Gemfields PLC (GEM) Earns not rated Rating from Shore Capital BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Hold Rating for Express, Inc. (EXPR) Workday Inc (WDAY) PT Lowered to $96.00 Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Downgraded to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Smart Sand Inc (SND) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Frontline Ltd. (FRO) Raised to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Earns “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Sell ValuEngine Downgrades Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) to Buy Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Earns “Buy” Rating from Rosenblatt Securities Westminster Group PLC (WSG) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Anglo American plc (AAL) Earns Sell Rating from Liberum Capital RPC Group PLC (RPC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG Liberum Capital Reaffirms Sell Rating for easyJet plc (EZJ) Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Buys 9,167 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 1,586.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 9,745 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 9,167 shares during the period. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $702,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $262,122,000. Two Sigma Advisers LP bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $237,230,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $210,414,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.62 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a PE ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $65.28 and a 1-year high of $79.93. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $76.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.98 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Buys 9,167 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/independent-portfolio-consultants-inc-buys-9167-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on WMT. Vetr lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.17 target price for the company. in a research report on Thursday. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Sunday. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $88.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $78.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $78.41. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 1,455,636 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.34, for a total transaction of $114,034,524.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,224 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $823,135,928.16. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total value of $408,069.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 13,259,726 shares of company stock valued at $1,016,472,206 in the last ninety days. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Walmart Restocked Nintendo Switch And NES Classic On Friday Posted: Jun 5 2017, 5:24am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   The Nintendo Switch was back in stock at Walmart after a week break. There was a surprise on Friday, June 2nd, for those who still track the availability of the Nintendo NES Classic. Our The Tracker app spotted the NES Classic in stock online at walmart.com. Also on Friday, Walmart again sold the Nintendo Switch at 5pm ET online. The retailer took a break last Friday, because of unfilled orders from the May 19. Download: The Tracker App Notifies You when a Hot Product is in Stock We could not yet verify if anybody was able to purchase the $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic our scanners and other inventory tracking service spotted. The NES has not been available since early May when sporadic inventory showed up at retailer. The Nintendo Switch inventory on Friday is confirmed. Ordering a Switch at Walmart in these Friday sales that have been going since two months requires a lot of patience. Walmart takes its time with fulfillment if you actually get an order through that is not cancelled right away. We finally received the Switch we ordered on May 19 and are giving it away for free in the just launched Nintendo Switch Summer Giveaway. Walmart only has limited inventory available on Friday that lasted only minutes again. The reason for the low supply is the likely upcoming E3 2017 video game conference and the release of Arms on June 16. Nintendo will want to have the Switch in stock for the video game show when the buzz hits a new high. GameStop had a limited number of Switch consoles in stock as part of 5 bundles last week. Over the weekend these bundles with shipping date of June 16 have sold out. This week will likely not have a lot of new Switch stock. Next week should be a great time to also find the Nintendo Switch in stock for the regular $299.99 at retail locations and even online at amazon.com. The only way to get a Nintendo Switch online now is at reseller market places like Amazon. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. Get our online inventory tracking app The Tracker to not miss an online sale of the Nintendo Switch. The app automatically will send a notification when the Nintendo Switch is in stock on Amazon or other major retailers. This Summer brings already two blockbuster Nintendo Switch games. Besides Arms in June, Splatoon 2 will be released on July 21. Amazon offers ARMS on sale for $50.99 for everyone and Prime members pay $47.99. Updated: 2017-06-08 08:30:14am Offers Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Best Buy Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Target Price: $0 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Gamestop Price: $299.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch to Get LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Deluxe Edition 2 hours ago Playtonic Teases New Yooka-Laylee for Nintendo Switch 4 hours ago Atlus Announces Three Nintendo 3DS RPGs for North America 4 hours ago Target Restocks Nintendo Switch on Sunday with Gift Card Bundle Deal 21 hours ago, 11:00am CDT Pokémon Gold and Pokémon Silver Returning to 3DS 1 day ago, 7:54am CDT Watch E3 2017 Trailer of V! No Heroes Allowed R! 40 minutes ago Death Stranding won't Appear at E3 2017 43 minutes ago E3 2017: Microsoft’s Xbox E3 Teasers Reveal Project Scorpio Release Date 53 minutes ago Bright Areas on Moon are Actually Ice, NASA Says 1 hour ago macOS High Sierra Improves Storage, Video, and Graphics 1 hour ago Apple watchOS 4 Brings Fitness Features and More 2 hours ago Strawberry Moon is Coming, What Exactly Does that Mean? 5 hours ago Milky Way Exists in an Enormous Hole, Study Reveals 17 hours ago, 3:13pm CDT Super Nintendo World First Images at Universal Studios Japan 1 day ago, 7:44am CDT Pokemon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon Coming to Nintendo 3DS on November 17 1 day ago, 7:25am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Win a Free Nintendo Switch Console in The Tracker by I4U News Summer Giveaway WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch to Get LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Deluxe Edition 2 hours ago Playtonic Teases New Yooka-Laylee for Nintendo Switch 4 hours ago Atlus Announces Three Nintendo 3DS RPGs for North America 4 hours ago Target Restocks Nintendo Switch on Sunday with Gift Card Bundle Deal 21 hours ago, 11:00am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Watch E3 2017 Trailer of V! No Heroes Allowed R! 40 minutes ago Death Stranding won't Appear at E3 2017 43 minutes ago E3 2017: Microsoft’s Xbox E3 Teasers Reveal Project Scorpio Release Date 53 minutes ago Bright Areas on Moon are Actually Ice, NASA Says 1 hour ago More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tracy Morgan refuses to testify under oath in Walmart insurance dispute By Julia Marsh View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 5, 2017 | 4:08am Modal Trigger Tracy Morgan GC Images FOLLOW THE STORY Tracy Morgan refuses to testify under oath in Walmart insurance dispute Walmart's insurer wants Tracy Morgan to testify under oath Tracy Morgan ready to recount accident with Netflix special How Tracy Morgan's near-fatal accident made him work harder Tracy Morgan gushes about his kids to random strangers Tracy Morgan makes light of car accident in stand-up SEE ALL 65 STORIES Although known for his profanity-laced jokes, Tracy Morgan is passing up one opportunity for “swearing.” The “30 Rock” star is refusing to testify under oath in an insurance dispute against Walmart’s multimillion-dollar payout to the comedian over the 2014 truck accident that left him clinging to life and killed his comedian pal Jimmy Mack. “Deposing Tracy Morgan will lead to nothing. We are opposing it,” his attorney, Benedict Morelli, told The Post. Walmart’s insurer, Ohio Casualty, is demanding Morgan, 48, sit for a seven-hour deposition to prove its claims that he exaggerated his injuries to get the payout, reported to be about $90 million. “The people I represented were all in comas for more than a week. They were devastatingly injured,” said Morelli, referring to Morgan and fellow comic Ardie Fuqua. Morgan, Fuqua, Mack and a friend were coming home from a stand-up gig at a Delaware casino in June 2014 when a Walmart tractor-trailer crashed into their limo on the New Jersey Turnpike. Mack, 62, born James McNair, was killed. Fuqua’s leg was broken in five places. Morgan suffered a brain injury and broke his leg and ribs. The truck driver, Kevin Roper, had allegedly been awake for more than 24 hours at the time. He pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and aggravated assault. Morgan and the other passengers sued Walmart and reached the deal in May 2015. Morgan is “trying his best to make a comeback,” but the accident has changed him, Morelli said. “When he does stand-up comedy now, he has a stool and he keeps sitting down because he can’t stand. He now needs notes when he does stand-up because he doesn’t have the same memory,” he said. Morelli said the $90 million settlement figure is “absolutely inaccurate” but refused to disclose the true amount, citing a confidentiality agreement. Ohio Casualty is seeking to depose Morgan in a New Jersey federal lawsuit against Walmart. It is also probing Morgan’s post-settlement purchases, including a $440,000 Lamborghini. Morelli scoffed at the probe. “To try to say that Tracy Morgan is not allowed to have a fancy car? Oh, maybe he should drive a Honda?” he said, incredulously. Morelli also accused Ohio Casualty’s lawyers of “playing fast and loose with the facts” when they claimed Morgan never handed over the proper paperwork to Walmart to prove it was liable for the crash. “That’s untrue,” Morelli said. “They had multiple years of Tracy Morgan’s tax returns. They had all, I repeat, all of Tracy Morgan’s medical records from the accident.” “It’s all about harassment. They’re making my clients victims again so that they could save their insurance company some money,” he said. Ohio Casualty attorney Eduardo DeMarco said he and the rest of the insurer’s legal team stand by their recent filing arguing that the depositions of Morgan, as well as Fuqua, are “relevant and necessary” for their case against Walmart. Morgan’s and Fuqua’s “depositions were never taken nor were they served with any formal discovery in the Morgan action,” the filing says, “and Walmart has relied on the claims of Morgan and Fuqua as the principal reason in contending that the settlement of the Morgan action was reasonable.” A judge will rule June 19 on whether Morgan must be deposed. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under car accidents ,  celebrity injuries ,  lawsuits ,  tracy morgan ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Ariana Grande rocks 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert Read Next Ariana Grande rocks 'One Love Manchester' benefit concert Most Popular This Week 1 Kathy Griffin feels 'betrayed' by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing 2 How Sarah Silverman realized her relationship with Kimmel was over 3 Harrowing opening statements kick off Cosby trial 4 Tracy Morgan refuses to testify under oath in Walmart insurance dispute 5 Jim Carrey likely to face trial in ex-girlfriend's death 6 A-Rod allegedly sexted another woman while dating J.Lo Share Selection Now On Phil Collins gets stitches after nasty fall Mexico and DiCaprio team up to help endangered porpoise Chris Cornell honored with empty spotlight Producer and manager Susan Landau dies at 65 Prince's advisers demand to keep fees from failing UMG deal 'Power' actor on steamy love scenes with La La Anthony Salma Hayek: America's political climate is like a 'dark comedy' Ian Schrager's hotel launch turns into VIP rooftop after-party Ashton Kutcher brings a dead fish to the CMT Awards Oliver Stone: 'Beautiful' Megyn Kelly was 'not prepared' for Putin interview Katherine Heigl: Making a music video is like giving birth Blade probes theft of VIP gift bags being sold on eBay Heiress believed to be owner of foreclosed Billionaires' Row condo Hoda Kotb raises a glass to baby girl at CMT Awards Scott Disick is no Orlando Bloom Bruce Springsteen surprises hometown fans A-Rod's 'other woman' may just be after his money Courtney Love slams civil rights activist on Twitter Bethenny Frankel spotted with new man in the Hamptons Kate Mara's dogs are going to be in her wedding SEE ALL Sightings Hilary Duff and her “Younger” co-star Molly Bernard enjoying a glass of wine at the bar at Tribeca’s Gran Morsi . . . SEE ALL Video 1:54 'Stranger Things' stars are tight-lipped about everything except Leonardo DiCaprio Trending Now 25,570 A-Rod's 'other woman' may just be after his money 23,408 Heiress believed to be owner of foreclosed Billionaires' Row condo 11,722 Oliver Stone: 'Beautiful' Megyn Kelly was 'not prepared' for Putin interview 9,582 Bethenny Frankel spotted with new man in the Hamptons 4,168 Howard Stern: Yes, I know I look like Cosby accuser Now On James Comey Testimony Live Stream: How To Watch The Former FBI Director’s Hearing For Free SEE ALL More Stories nypost Dramatic video captures robbery suspect's deadly shootout with cops Now On Decider Norm Macdonald Explains Exactly Why Kathy Griffin’s Trump Beheading Stunt Was Such A Terrible Idea page six A-Rod's 'other woman' may just be after his money New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Page Six Daily Get the latest gossip and celebrity news delivered to your inbox. Page Six Daily Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Thanks for subscribing! Sign up for these newsletters from New York Post Morning ReportOur top stories to start your day News AlertsBreaking news and exclusives Evening UpdateCatch up on the day's news Subscribe X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
null
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. الأرشيف 8 يونيو 2017 الخميس / 13 / رمضان / 1438 هـ Toggle Navigation الرئيسية محليات السياسة اقتصاد كتاب ومقالات ثقافة رياضة أحوال الناس محطة أخيرة صوت المواطن عكاظ بلس الملاحق ملحق المرأة ملحق الشباب ملحق إعلام التحقيقات English المزيد الرئيسية محليات السياسة اقتصاد كتاب ومقالات ثقافة رياضة أحوال الناس محطة أخيرة صوت المواطن عكاظ بلس الملاحق English Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages 3 days ago A A   FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering - part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting - comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future -robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest News أمن الرياض يتفاعل مع "تغريدة" ويوقع بباكستاني تحرش بمواطنتين القوات البحرية الملكية السعودية تعلن فتح باب القبول تشاد تستدعي سفيرها من قطر "الأحواز": نقف بجانب الدول العربيّة في تصدّيها للإرهاب الإيراني جمرك مطار الأمير نايف يحبط تهريب 58 ألف حبة كبتاجون 8 تغريدات حول "الإسلام السياسي.. الاختطاف والتحريف" الأكثر قراءة الأكثر تعليقا هوساوي: نملك الدافع للفوز منعطف التأهل نادي الظفرة: الأحد.. آخر موعد لـ«مزاد خربين» الهلال يمدد عقد «عبدالصمد القرشي».. عامين «عمومية» اللجنة الأوليمبية تزكي آل الشيخ رئيساً.. اليوم ورش عمل لتنمية القطاع السياحي بالعلا أهالي «العكرة» ينظمون إفطاراً صدقة عن المتوفين «تنمية ينبع» تطلق «وقف مودة» 17 حافظاً يتنافسون على مسابقة «مياه جازان» جوالة «طيبة» تفوز بـ 3 جوائز للتميز في حج 37 العزلة تكبُر.. وقطر تواجه المجهول ولي ولي العهد يتبرع بـ 4 ملايين ريال للجنة رعاية السجناء بمنطقة الحدود الشمالية الأرصاد: سحب ممطرة على جازان وعسير وطقس حار شرق المملكة انفجار "عبوة ناسفة" في "حرم" السفارة الأمريكية بكييف ولا ضحايا بريطانيا "تصوت" لمستقبل الانفصال وسط قلق الهواجس الأمنية الذهب يستقر مع بدء الانتخابات البريطانية والأنظار على اجتماع الأوروبي المؤسسة العامة للحبوب تطرح مناقصة لاستيراد 770 ألف طن قمح البلوي ورط باعشن.. وهرب الحملة السعودية توزع السلال الرمضانية على أكثر من 12 ألف سوري في مخيم الأزرق  منظمة الصحة: 100 ألف حالة كوليرا باليمن ووفاة 798 مصابا أمير الرياض يكرم مواطن تعاون مع رجال الأمن جامعة الملك سعود تدعو المرشحات للوظائف لاستكمال إجراءات تعيينهن "السعودية" تضاعف محتوى الترفيه الجوي وتطلق مكتبة إلكترونية على متن طائراتها ديوان المظالم يصدر مجموعتي المبادئ والأحكام لعام 1433 و 1434هـ وزير الصحة اليمني: مركز الملك سلمان ساعد في تجاوز تفشي الكوليرا الطائف: إزالة البسطات العشوائية من الردف والهدا والشفا الحكومة اليمنية تحث المنظمات الأممية على استخدام موانئ عدن لاستقبال ‏المساعدات حكومة جيبوتي تقرر تخفيض المستوى الدبلوماسي مع قطر المبتعث الرشيدي أول طالب عربي يحصل على جائزة جامعة واشنطن الأخضر يخسر بأخطاء فردية من نظيره الأسترالي تعرف على عقوبات المتعاطفين مع قطر «خاشقجي».. الملياردير المفلس ورحلة السقوط من القمة تكــــــه القوارير يستعيدون بناء القرية العتيقة لمسجدهم أردوغان تحت «المجهر».. قوات تركية في قطر المستنقعات.. مشكلة أزلية في القنفذة فدعق لـ«عكاظ»: يجب استنطاق الصامتين عن «الإخوان» في تصريحات متناقضة.. وزير خارجية قطر ينفي سحب سفراء دولته بعد دقائق من الإعلان باب يأتي منه الريح.. ولي ولي العهد يتبرع بـ 4 ملايين ريال للجنة رعاية السجناء بمنطقة الحدود الشمالية تنظيف مجرى «الرحمانية» من «الراكدة» لمواجهة «الضنك» امرأة وسبعة رجال! مصادر لـ "عكاظ": مخطط إخواني مشبوه برعاية تركية لدعم قطر نادي الظفرة: الأحد.. آخر موعد لـ«مزاد خربين» «عكاظ» تكشف حقيقة خطاب تميم.. أرشيفي أذيع قبل عام! Authors إخوان لندن وغيرهم.. بداية النهاية يوسف بن أحمد العثيمين قناة الجزيرة فأر لا يأكل الجبن عبد الرزاق بن عبد العزيز المرجان امرأة وسبعة رجال! عزيزة المانع الدسائس القطرية محمد الجهني Today Newspaper المزيد من English × أقسام الموقع الرئيسية محليات السياسة إقتصاد كتاب ومقالات ثقافة رياضة أحوال الناس محطة أخيرة الملاحق عكاظ بلس خدمات عكاظ الإدارة والتحرير الإعلانات الاشتراكات RSS الأرشيف مسابقات اتصل بنا البريد الالكتروني جميع الحقوق محفوظة لمؤسسة عكاظ للصحافة والنشر © جدة: 6760000
Sheila E., Gogol Bordello to headline Artscape 2017 News Maryland Baltimore County Woman injured after struck by car at Owings Mills Walmart Carrie WellsContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun A woman was seriously injured Sunday evening after being struck by a car in front of a Walmart in Owings Mills, Baltimore County police said. A Chevrolet Cruze was in the parking lot of the Walmart at 9750 Reisterstown Road around 6:15 p.m. when it struck another car, causing some minor damage, police said. The car then struck the woman and threw her several feet. The Cruze then struck the Walmart at a high rate of speed, police said. The driver was taken to a hospital and may have been experiencing a medical emergency, police said. The woman who was injured was taken to University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center for treatment. cwells@baltsun.com Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Baltimore County Police Department R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center Maryland video Towson Barnes & Noble to mark closing with 'Last Day Party' on Saturday Relay for Life returns to Catonsville to help cancer research Police kill robbery suspect in Dundalk, officer in serious condition, bystander wounded Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 66°
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Blockchain Food Industry is testing Blockchain to ensure safety of the food Kik Interactive is planning to launch digital currency called 'Kin' Ethereum explained: An emerging blockchain based application platform used by tech giants Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Food Industry is testing Blockchain to ensure safety of the food   05 Jun 2017 , 07:23 #Blockchain Image Credits: REUTERS 0 The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. “I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system,” said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. “The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information,” said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain “reduces tracing from days to seconds,” Yiannas said. “The more accurately you can track food, the better.” Demand for transparency The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called “conflict diamonds,” which come from war-torn regions. “Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond’s journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally,” said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. AFP Publish date: June 5, 2017 7:23 am| Modified date: June 5, 2017 7:23 am Tags: Bill Fearnley, Bitcoin, Blockchain, food, food industry, Frank Yiannas, IBM, IDC, Jr., virtual currency, Wal-Mart Also read How blockchain technology could change our lives Ethereum explained: An emerging blockchain based application platform used by tech giants X Recommended For You Kik Interactive is planning to launch digital currency called ‘Kin’ Ethereum explained: An emerging blockchain based application platform used by tech giants 31 May is the deadline for suggesting policy on virtual currencies, including Bitcoin, to the Indian Government Bitcoin has hit a record high at $2,400 Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #net neutrality Jun 8, 2017 Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality #Facebook Jun 8, 2017 Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon #NASA Jun 8, 2017 NASA picks 12 astronauts from 18,300 applicants, the first new class of space fliers in five years SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to main content Thu, Jun 08, 2017 Consumer » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Consumer Blockchain seen as tool in food safety Monday, June 5, 2017 - 06:47 [NEW YORK] The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. "I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system," said Wal-Mart food safety vice-president Frank Yiannas. sentifi.com Market voices on: The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. SEE ALSO: Bitcoin mania infects Japan stock market's smaller listings Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. "The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information," said Bill Fearnley, Jr an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Mr Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain "reduces tracing from days to seconds," Mr Yiannas said. "The more accurately you can track food, the better." DEMAND FOR TRANSPARENCY The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called "conflict diamonds," which come from war-torn regions. "Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond's journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally," said Leanne Kemp, chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Mr Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. AFP blockchain bitcoin food safety Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Consumer Amazon's lending business for online merchants gains momentum 6:45 PM Hong Kong jeweller Chow Tai Fook says FY profit rises 3.9% 5:19 PM Chinese Apple staff suspected of selling private data 1:44 PM Amazon lent US$1b to merchants to boost sales on its marketplace 12:50 PM Hutchison's fixed-line biz draws interest from PEs, Hong Kong's HKBN - sources 12:02 PM Kinnevik sells final 227m euro stake in Rocket Internet 10:40 AM Breaking News 9:23 pm Developer behind Pokemon Go backs Apple's push into AR 9:21 pm Trump in hot seat as Comey to testify at Russia hearing 7:40 pm German industrial production rises in sign of strong recovery 7:20 pm Wealth management data startup Addepar raises US$140m 7:04 pm Ex-HSBC banker Scott arrested in UK in American FX case 6:45 pm Amazon's lending business for online merchants gains momentum 6:33 pm Boustead Projects to build its first hazardous waste treatment plant 6:30 pm Daily Debrief: What Happened Today 6:19 pm EU to tackle airline competition with new rules 6:16 pm Death for nine Filipinos over 2013 Malaysia invasion Most Read 1 20 listed companies on SGX watch-list 2 Charles & Keith family buys another GCB; total of 15 sold from Jan-May 3 3 collective deals in a week; is enbloc fever back in Singapore? 4 HSBC rolls out digital platform to connect buyers and sellers 5 New six-year Australia visa for Singaporeans by Jan 1 Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH Daily Sabah > Business > Tech Close Digital system 'Blockchain' seen as tool in food safety FRENCH PRESS AGENCY - AFP NEW YORK Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Seven children from northern France were hospitalized on June 16, 2011, with E. coli infections after eating meat made by SEB that manufacturers said could come from Germany, where an outbreak of the bacteria has killed 37 people. The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. "I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system," said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. "The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information," said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain "reduces tracing from days to seconds," Yiannas said. "The more accurately you can track food, the better." The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called "conflict diamonds," which come from war-torn regions. "Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond's journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally," said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said.Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Tech Facebook officials have said that the site wants to make its social... Next in Tech Ethereum, an alternative cryptocurrency to bitcoin, hit its all-time... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Facebook to become ‘hostile environment’ for terrorists Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Markets End Day Higher Oregon Approves Nation's First All-Wood High Rise Internet Doesn't Approve of Popeyes' Cookie-Coated Chicken Uber Fires 20 Employees Amid Law Firm's Misconduct Probe Slumping Retailers Lead US Stocks Lower Just One of 10 Most Valuable Brands Isn't American Mom Spends $25K on Son's Prom, Complete With Camel Campaign Travels Inspired New Trump Hotel Chain Apple Releasing 1st New Product Since Apple Watch Markets End the Day Lower His $1K Investment Became $2M. Then He Gave It All Away This Mansion Is Expensive Even for Billionaires Money / Walmart Go to Grid|Next Story Walmart Takes on Amazon With New Delivery Scheme Company tests plan in which employees drop off orders on their way home By Elizabeth Armstrong Moore,  Newser Staff Posted Jun 4, 2017 3:00 PM CDT 42 comments Comments In this file photo, a sign is displayed at a Walmart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark.   (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File)In this file photo, a sign is displayed at a Walmart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark.   (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) (Newser) – Walmart is now fully in the e-commerce ring with Amazon in a fight that is decidedly giant versus giant. And to try to gain an edge, the retailer behemoth is testing a new scheme: having employees drop off packages to customers on their way home, reports Quartz. The idea is to save money on the dreaded "last mile" of the order-and-delivery process, which can be the most expensive part of the chain. "It just makes sense," Walmart exec Marc Lore writes in a blog post. "Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home." Workers will get paid extra for their trouble, but Walmart didn't disclose details on that, notes CNBC. Lore calls it "creating efficiencies in our business," and he clearly hopes that by having employees deliver shipments straight to the doors of customers, shipping costs will be cut as deliveries are more streamlined and speedy. The pilot project is starting in three cities in New Jersey and Arkansas, and Lore notes that Walmart "associates" can choose to participate or not. Walmart has developed an app just for this pilot test, and Quartz speculates that this test may be an early sign that the company's experiment hiring Lyft and Uber drivers as couriers is coming to an end. (See why Run-DMC sued both Walmart and Amazon for $50 million.)   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   8% Hilarious 30% Intriguing 4% Depressing 17% Brilliant 2% Scary 37% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 42 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Lawyer Guilty in $600M Scam Is Suddenly Missing Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 42 comments Mark Jun 5, 2017 2:41 PM CDT Wouldn't this be more expensive for Walmart if they have to pay their employees for that time spent delivering. If they pay $10/hour, then one delivery will handle that. Because you KNOW they would at least have to pay the employee for time spent and mileage. ILJAG Jun 5, 2017 4:55 AM CDT Put yourself in the employees shoes...you just worked your shift and you can't wait to head for home. Just as you are making your exit, a manager hands you a delivery for "on your way home". GodSAveAmerica Jun 5, 2017 2:25 AM CDT The thing about the bogus "free" two days shipping claimed by Walwort is not "free to a friend I know in Hawaii. They tried to order something and Walwort demanded $43.00 in shipping for four shirts, three slacks and one pair of shoes.. View all 42 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Kidnappers Find Out It's Unwise to Mess With Sharpshooter 1 Family Says Girl, 2, Died After Tick Bite 2 MTV Reality Star Found Dead 3 Mom Charged After Boy's Teeth Pulled in Walmart Restroom 4 Comey's Released Testimony Is 'Equivalent of the Nixon Tapes' 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Teacher Is Accused of Video-Taping Students in Disgusting Acts of Perversion The Weather Channel Trolls Trump's Decision to Pull Out of Climate Agreement Enter to Win a Trip to LA! Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Clumsy Waitress Was Arrested for What She Dropped in a Police Officer's Drink This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science How Drug Dealers Get Caught, as Told by a Police Officer Partner Links News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners 6/8 CBS2 Thursday Afternoon Weather Headlines Police: 20-Foot Aluminum Handicapped Ramp Stolen From LI Home Jersey City Mayor Calls Video Showing Officers Kicking Man On Fire After Crash... Go to CBS Local Pride Is Good for Employees, and It's Good for Business Capturing Private Moments in the LGBT Community How Inclusive Are U.S. Employers? Go to Ozy “Property Brothers” Drew and Jonathan made a stunning admission in this new... Thousands of dollars pour in for alleged NSA leaker Reality Winner as she... Escaping inmates learned the painful way that barbed wire is no joke Go to Rare Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 21 mins S&P 500 2,433.29 +0.15 (+0.01%) Dow 30 21,179.06 +5.37 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,293.18 -4.20 (-0.07%) Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File PhotoMore By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), JP Morgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N). General Electric Co (GE.N) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co (BA.N) Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. Read More "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Melania and Barron Trump are finally moving into the White House with Donald International Business Times Donald Trump is a sociopath and I fear he's losing his mind, says former US Labor Secretary The Independent Donald Trump's anger reaches new peaks in the White House Newsweek Lawyer says Trump feels 'completely and totally vindicated' by Comey's testimony Business Insider “They’re not even people”: why Eric Trump’s dehumanizing language matters Vox.com After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance If Obamacare fails, it’ll be bad news for Trump Yahoo Finance  Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing Just Sayin'...: " Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing" Of course they will. They have no evidence of wrongdoing, but they'll TRY to save face. What else can the poor widdle snowflakes do? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.7k
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism U.S. manufacturing industry lost 1,000 jobs in May, ending five-month growth streak EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Fort Smith’s Brick City Emporium wins Ozark SBA InnovateHER challenge TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Ethics attorney for Wal-Mart a name submitted for U.S. Attorney for western Arkansas Fort Smith attorney to seek House District 76 seat; Rep. Douglas to not seek re-election District 75 seat Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates Fort Smith’s Brick City Emporium wins Ozark SBA InnovateHER challenge TheatreSquared will break ground on $34 million facility June 23 Phat Tire Bike Shop expanding with downtown Siloam Springs location Video / Podcasts Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Arkansas Children’s CEO Marcy Doderer describes the institution’s expanding mission Sen. Tom Cotton says Medicaid reform central to healthcare overhaul debate Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Used vehicle price index hits record high Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart execs respond to analysts and media questions on e-commerce, corruption investigation BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 4 days ago 357 views  Tags: Wal-Mart shareholder meeting 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon responds to media questions Friday (June 1) afternoon after the retailers shareholders’ meeting in Fayetteville. The 2017 Wal-Mart shareholders’ meeting followed a solid first quarter performance and an unexpected 63% jump in e-commerce sales. Several questions posed to Wal-Mart execs during meetings that followed Friday’s main event dealt with the e-commerce business, led by CEO of Walmart U.S. e-commerce Marc Lore. Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon opened the meeting with equity analysts by noting, “We like omni channel and the data we are seeing supports the fact that some combinations of stores and e-commerce are going to be the winning strategy. We are trying to get faster … using more creativity, more risk taking and more innovation and more speed. We got into a period with this company, and I was part of that , where we were replicating, running in silos  … but to solve problems for today’s shoppers you have to work in a different way … and be more creative and innovative and I am pleased we are seeing some progress there.” McMillon, while pleased with the first quarter, said market competition and the ever-changing retail environment means the company can’t rest and has not arrived at any destination. “It was a good quarter,” added Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs during his opening comments. “There are some things we want to do better but it’s nice to see this good start to the year. … We will continue to focus on growth, but it will be the right kind of growth and we will be more disciplined in how we operate. We must grow sales and manage expenses better and as a management team we all know that and we will continue to execute on that.” Lore has been in his new role for about nine months and during that time he’s restructured the division so there is a group of specialists constantly innovating toward improving the overall shopping experience at Walmart.com and Walmart U.S. stores. He gave details on Jet Fresh, a program of delivering fresh items like tomatoes and milk to customers signed up for the service. The program has a money-back guarantee if products don’t meet the 100% fresh claims. Lore said Jet Fresh is in a test-and-learn phase, and said the company doesn’t believe there is just one way to deliver fresh items. “We have an amazing pick-up program and we will be in over 1,000 stores with grocery pickup this year at Wal-Mart. We are delivering groceries home the same day in some test markets and Jet Fresh is the idea of shipping fresh out of a central warehouse that serves half the country. This allows you to get a lot of scale and be able to offer a longer-tail product (items like apparel or shoes) or product that’s not available in a local store. But now we are just testing and learning,” Lore said. E-COMMERCE GROWTH Wal-Mart execs were asked about the 63% sales growth in e-commerce in the recent quarter when margins weren’t up. McMillon said as the physical stores did better behind wage investments and store changes made by Walmart U.S. CEO Greg Foran two years ago, it allowed the company to focus more on e-commerce. McMillon said the e-commerce investments of the past three years – around $2 billion – was nearing completion when the deal with Jet.com was made. Online inventory went from 10 million items to north of 50 million at the same time. “I am not saying we don’t still have work to do on Walmart.com, we do. But he (Lore) stepped into a foundation that allowed him to make some things happen pretty quickly when we were able to pair with Jet.com. There’s not just one thing we can point to about that quarter. It’s price, it’s assortment and experience. It’s a number of things coming together and we are working aggressively on all three of those things,” McMillon added. Biggs said it’s easy to get caught up in the booming e-commerce number but the 1.4% rise in store traffic is rare in today’s retail world. He said gross margin will continue to fluctuate quarter to quarter because many things impact margin. He said Wal-Mart is doing a good job of buying product at the right price. McMillon said scaling the e-commerce business is what matters now. He told analysts when they think about Wal-Mart to not just consider running good stores and delivering on e-commerce but to consider the possibilities that some of the digital applications now available to managing departments within stores is essentially applying machine learning to inventory management. “We can be in some ways a tech company, but people don’t think of us that way,” McMillon said. Analysts also asked execs what they could expect to see going forward with e-commerce growth and if there was a point where that growth would level off. “We are not talking about growth going forward but we are happy with the progress we are making,” Lore said. “We’re happy with the results we are seeing on two-day free shipping with no membership and easy reorder is bringing online customers back more often and we are seeing a nice uptick in the number of (general merchandise) orders being picked-up since we launched the pickup discount. Now, we are really focused on the value proposition and that’s something we have to work on,” Lore said. ‘WIN WITH THE CUSTOMER’ McMillon did not give analysts an idea on how much or when the retailer will leverage its e-commerce business to bring costs down for the entire company following its “productivity loop” operating plan. “We are not calling out any e-commerce leverage point at this stage. Think of it as moving parts … the speed of change has picked up. Marc is moving fast as we all are and with some of the changes we are making it’s hard to forecast but we are going to win with the customer,” McMillon said. “We have a lot of ideas on how we can make that happen.” Analysts also asked Lore about intentions to grow online inventory further for the two-day free shipping plan. Roughly 2 million items are now slated for the free delivery. Lore said growing the inventory is more about getting the right items than just procuring more items. He said they will continue to add more products into the two-day program. He said the top 1 million items sold online represent about two-thirds of all online sales. He said a million items is equal to all the items a shopper will find adding up all the products in mass retailers or specialty retailers within a 10-mile radius of their home. Lore said working at Walmart.com feels like he’s working at a startup. He also said the growth in e-commerce is attributed to new and existing customers ordering more products amid a better assortment and price leadership. U.S. STORES Foran, happy about the recent quarter’s results, told analysts there’s much work to do in the U.S. business and he assessed the turnaround job he began over two years ago as only one-third complete. He said as you lap year one and then year two and you see marked improvements and the “goal posts” may be moved because of potential that emerges. “I see a lot more we can do with Marc and Dave (Cheesewright, CEO of Walmart International) so a reference I have used before — fixing to leading — I think we have bent our back and fixed the fundamentals in the business and now have earned the right to start leading in a number of things. We have a bit of head room now to do some interesting things with Dave and his team. Clearly, the intersection with Marc’s business and our 4,676 Walmart Stores, excluding Sam’s Clubs, is a pretty exciting proposition,” Foran said. McMiillon said he likes the prospects for stores to continue doing well, all while Lore’s team focuses on conveniences like pick-up options and skip-the-line in pharmacy while reordering prescriptions via the Walmart app. He is reminded that in the United Kingdom, where Walmart ASDA has been doing grocery delivery for 20 years, 90% of sales still come via stores. “I like that,” McMillion added, noting that consumers want options that include online and in-store experiences. Cheesewright said the U.K. shopper who uses stores and online spends more than the shopper justing buying in-stores and those buying only online. MEDIA SESSION McMillon took 15 minutes to address the media after the analyst question and answer session. “Wal-Mart is trying hard to win with customers and we are working on cost and price, we are working on assortment and working on experience where there is a lot of innovation now and we are starting to find ways to not only build an e-commerce business but to change the way everything works including the store experience. We have to get to where we can make things faster and easier for them (customers) and we are really excited about doing that. We are still working to try to take advantage of the size and scale of the company to do good things, shape how supply chains work — whether it’s fishing in Thailand or factories in Asia or here in the U.S.— to make sure everything is happening in the right way. We are proud of the progress we’ve made and the goals we set and we still have a lot to do. … But that’s why I like working at Wal-Mart.” McMillon was asked what the company was doing to fix pricing differences on items sold in stores compared to like products sold online. He said online pricing mechanisms move faster than in physical stores. He said pricing in stores should come down in some instances but in certain categories prices are cheaper in-store compared to online. He said the challenge is the retailer can’t ignore competition which includes online which makes for a tricky puzzle to solve. He said Cheesewright, Foran and Lore have worked to try and harmonize pricing and also manage margins. “We are in this business for the long term and we can’t do things overnight. We have to plan to do things to fix problems like this over time by category,” McMillon said. He also was asked if President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accord would cause him to withdraw from  the President’s Advisory Council. Tesla owner Elon Musk stepped off the council following Trump’s decision. “We are disappointed by this and the administration is aware of that. We are going to continue to work on it here … on ways to be more sustainable that will allow us to lower costs and connect the dots and we’ve told the administration that. I do not plan to withdraw from the forum that I am participating in because I’d like to participate and there will be other issues that come up and I didn’t expect what we wanted to happen would happen in every case. Engagement gives us a chance to share point of view and do good things and I want to keep doing that,” McMillon said. He also was asked about the potential impact to Walmart U.S. from German discount grocer Lidl, which is opening its first 15 stores in the Carolinas, Virginia and Pennsylavania in the next two weeks. “Competition is good for the customer and over time it has made us better. In the U.S. we saw this coming and we started working on our private label specs and other things very early on which puts us in maybe a better position. We still have work to do on fresh presentation, rotation and management of fresh but we are working hard and making progress. We are more comfortable with our position today than I was before, but we still have a lot of work to do. We can get better,” McMillon said. McMillon also was asked to provide some lessons learned from the now six-year investigation of the Federal Corruption Practices Act that has cost the retailer time and more than $837 million defending itself against violation claims, and also reinforcing its own internal compliance protocol. McMillon was CEO of Walmart International when the investigation began in late 2011. “One of the things I have learned in this process is that the disciplines and (14) areas of compliance have to be stood up … things like permits and licenses, pharmacy compliance and food safety. You need expertise in each of the 14 areas, give them the right investment class processes, support them with systems and then you need visibility to see across. We had compliance resources scattered all over the place. In some cases, they were functioning very well reporting up to operational leaders. But over the last few years, we have put things together and connected the dots in a way that has strengthened our compliance and ethics programs, and it’s one of the things I am really and sincerely proud of. You have to be vigilant. There is always work to do, but we have learned a lot and benefited from the things that we have done. Over time, I think our business is stronger as a result of the changes that we have made.” Comments comments Previous post Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration Next post Lawrence County Detention Center project on schedule and below projected budget Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Vicki Vasser-Jenkins Elder Law and why is it important to you Justin Allen Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, non-berries, and stuff that doesn’t make America great again Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Latest Popular Elder Law and why is it important to you 12 mins ago U.S. manufacturing industry lost 1,000 jobs in May, ending five-month growth streak 1 hour ago Arkansas State University may raise tuition and fee rates 11 hours ago EPA extends deadline on ozone regulations, future of Clean Power plan in limbo 12 hours ago Arkansas legislators remain busy in the ‘interim’ 15 hours ago Late Fort Smith City Administrator Ray Gosack gifts $750,000 to universities 1,528 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,505 views Warren Stephens on capitalism, tax reform and the Trump administration 1,083 views First District Democrat eyeing challenge to Rep. Crawford 1,021 views Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ 875 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Blockchain seen as tool in food safety By Afp Published: 15:38 EDT, 4 June 2017 | Updated: 15:38 EDT, 4 June 2017 e-mail 10 shares Wal-Mart Stores is testing blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, on mangos The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. "I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system," said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. "The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information," said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain "reduces tracing from days to seconds," Yiannas said. "The more accurately you can track food, the better." - Demand for transparency - The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called "conflict diamonds," which come from war-torn regions. "Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond's journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally," said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham dresses for her fashion fatigue in a blue pyjama set after a non-stop week in New York City Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand No auto tune needed! Britney Spears proves she has a flawless voice as she shares unedited clip of her singing hit, Toxic Talented Heavy night? Myleene Klass wears SHADES in the dark as she heads home after a boozy evening at Graduate Fashion Week Gala Bleary-eyed Daisy Lowe cuts a dishevelled figure in her eye-popping gown as she leaves the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition party Alesha Dixon displays her enviable abs in a tiny bandeau top as she attends fashion event with boyfriend Azuka Ononye Flashing flesh Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man at NYC event Louise Redknapp reveals she was in BED with husband Jamie when false claims of marriage woes surfaced... as she insists they're 'great' Leggy Katie Piper wows in chic floral mini dress and nude wedges as she leaves Manchester hotel ahead of Ideal Home Show appearance He's hooked! Sam Claflin can't take his eyes off stunning wife Laura Haddock as they attend the London premiere of new film My Cousin Rachel Pregnant Tamsin Egerton exhibits her baby bump in smock dress as she joins partner Josh Hartnett at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Bra-vo!  'Relationship guru' Stephanie Davis weighs in on Ellie and Lotan's kiss on Big Brother... as she mocks her own saga with Jeremy McConnell in TV debut  Chloe Meadows sports neon orange bikini during Dubai getaway... after former pal Megan McKenna claimed she only wanted to reconcile for 'storylines' 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor in tense scenes on KUWTK Dating Tristan Thompson That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Doting dad  Kim Kardashian knocks back tequila while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol) Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley If you've got it! Christie Brinkley, 63, puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Leggy lady!  Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary discusses her painful Brazilian butt lift... before sobbing when her housemates vote her most likely to cheat on a boyfriend 'That's your first strike!': Arthur Fullford clashes with Joe, Hannah AND Imran on Big Brother... as viewers brand him 'most irritating person ever' Down to a fine art! Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition Victoria Beckham unveils leather trousers and neon shoes in a VERY edgy new line she says is 'rooted in reality' (but some items will set you back £3,000) Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save the vaquita porpoise which could become extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage as she leads the glamour alongside Katherine Jenkins and Arizona Muse at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Look out ladies, Poldark's back on the market! Aidan Turner and girlfriend Nettie Wakefield 'split after being driven apart by conflicting schedules' 'We agree to disagree': Katy Perry reveals how her devoutly Christian parents reacted to sexually suggestive lyrics in Bon Appétit song One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by torrential rain  What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut tummy in black hoodie and tracksuit bottoms as she runs errands in LA A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Radiant in red  Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple  His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays touching tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown that shows off her incredible figure as she supports her NBC show This Is Us Blue-tiful Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops  Katherine Jenkins exudes elegance as she goes hand-in-hand with husband Andrew Levitas at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition 'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 Lauren Silverman slips her svelte frame into elegant green lace gown as she supports casually-clad partner Simon Cowell at his charity ball in London Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Quirky What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York City Shimmering star  They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Reunion Alec Baldwin looks dapper as stunning wife Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation Cute couple  Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress and shimmering silver heels at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Myleene Klass dazzles in a demure strapless dress at fashion gala after baring all in VERY plunging white gown the day before Glamorous display  Kym Marsh relaxes with her family at curry house opening in Manchester... after being praised for 'moving' British Soap Awards tribute to late son Archie All Night Long! Legendary Rnb singer Lionel Richie coming Down Under with Nile Rodgers for six city Aussie tour  Australians rejoice  'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto admits he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to be a dad Pixie Lott shows off her long legs in a racy double split yellow gown with a daring plunge front as she leads the glamour at lavish charity ball Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket and skinny jeans as she touches down in Los Angeles Jet set style  Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach as she puts on an energetic display on Battle Of The Network Stars A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls and orange jacket as she heads out for coffee in New York Radiant redhead  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville Plunging neckline 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on The Real Housewives Of New York City Make-up free Apprentice star Luisa Zissman cradles her baby daughter Indigo as she pays a visit to her local garden centre Low profile  Ariana Grande is back onstage amid heightened security as she resumes Dangerous Woman tour in Paris after Manchester attack Spot on! Margot Robbie flaunts trim pins in a summery polka dot frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish on Wednesday 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Mollie King proves her fashionable flair by swapping the traditional party dress for a striking rose gold trouser suit at Barry M's anniversary bash Doctor Who's new hue: Pearl Mackie shares a daring amount of sideboob in a striking coral gown as she wows at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition Twiggy, 67, goes heavy on the millennial pink as she proves she can still turn heads at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection Will be available on her official website Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX Paired her sandals with a black Ivy Park hoodie Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she ignores ex Scott Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny grey mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry in Miami rain Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Wore tight gym clothing  Suited beauty Victoria Pendleton looks slick in an equestrian-style suit at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition... after trading cycling for horse riding Ellie Bamber proudly shows off a Stone Roses tee beneath her retro pastel co-ord as she makes a style statement at Royal Academy Summer bash Pretty as a picture! Emilia Fox exudes elegance in whimsical printed midi dress as she storms Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Girl power! Former Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard reunites with unlikely pal Rihanna in Malawi as pair seek to raise $3 billion for better education Suki Waterhouse, 25, is reunited with rumoured beau Diego Luna, 37,as they step out in Manhattan after her appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as the actress declares 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of her 50th birthday 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!' John Cena describes the moment he proposed to his Nikki Bella in front of MILLIONS of fans Rough night? Bleary-eyed Mark Wright looks just a tad worse for wear after partying with his sister Jess at nightclub in Los Angeles Weary  I'm Still Standing! Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form as he bounces back from 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency Ariana Grande's manager confirms that Noel Gallagher was never asked to perform at Manchester One Love ... after he was SLAMMED by Liam  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt Getting ready to board Tequila, it won't kill ya, says Nigella: Culinary queen Lawson 'gargles' with spirits to remedy her 'fluey' symptoms Gargled with Mexican spirit Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Jaime Winstone debuts her dazzling engagement ring as she cosies up to her DJ 'fiancé' James Suckling at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition  Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes her cleavage in lace-up camouflage dress as she joins Zaralena Jackson for swimwear launch in Manchester Denise Van Outen is casually chic in pink floral shirt and trendy lace choker as she makes a radiant arrival at her BUILD Series talk Casually chic Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Actress revealed her cancer has returned The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes 'We didn't have scales as kids': Sophie Ellis-Bextor has BANNED the word 'diet' from her home... following encouragement from her mother 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film Open for a return Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Posted a new image on social media Hysterical Holly Willoughby 'nearly wets herself' before downing gin on This Morning... the morning after partying hard at the Glamour Awards 'Our babies cause mayhem together!': Kimberley Walsh gushes about fellow mum and BFF Cheryl... and reveals she's ready to have another child  Fancy seeing you here! Former TOWIE star Jess Wright makes surprise appearance at Chris Brown's documentary premiere in Los Angeles Braless Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display in a garish jumpsuit with a patterned cape at Midsummer Ball charity bash From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'It's not the 18th century!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'take care of her kids' after she posted video of herself partying Punching pupils... and that was just the teachers. Ackley Bridge was Waterloo Road with Hijabs and a slice of modern Britain, by JIM SHELLEY Big Brother's Mandy brags about her SEX TAPE in front of her daughter... as Ellie and Lotan kiss in the hot tub before getting steamy under the covers 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Perrie Edwards and Jesy Nelson go wild on stage at Little Mix concert in Stockholm... after Jennifer Saunders 'scolds' them for awards no-show Defiant Stephanie Davis goes braless in a revealing top after accusing Jeremy McConnell's ex-girlfriend of using her 'name for fame' Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight as she shares racy behind the scenes look at Bon Appétit music video Good enough to eat!  EXCLUSIVE: 'I wore tiny pants to hide my hangover': Human Ken Doll is a dead ringer for Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in budgie smugglers 'Children don't need to see such exposure!' Ann Widdecombe calls for 'X-rated' Amanda Holden to be FIRED from BGT following string of racy dresses Make-up free Felicity Jones steps out for shopping spree... hours after revealing her engagement ring at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit Jessica Simpson slammed for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Shooting her TV Land half-hour show Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo First debuted her makeover in May Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead of suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sad news  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Much-loved storybook nanny 'Affecting my fertility was a wake-up call': Christine McGuinness hits back at accusations of promoting anorexia as husband Paddy helped her overcome eating disorder 'I like Royalty, Prince and Duchess': Katie Price shares names planned for baby number SIX... despite daughter Princess shunning her moniker Southampton striker Charlie Austin and wife Bianca RE-FOLLOW each other on Twitter... after cutting ties when she cryptically claimed he had been 'cheating' 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium Has added to her feline brood SPOILER ALERT 'What more could we want?' Love Island's Montana and Chloe pin their hopes on new Boy Bombshells as Chris and Jonny arrive to shake couples up  Caroline Flack suffers double nip-slip as her plunging ruffled dress fails to contain her ample assets as she leaves Glamour Awards Oops Pregnant Ferne McCann covers her bump as she joins anti-bullying campaign... amid TOWIE pal Vas Morgan's criticisms of her 'choice of men' Leggy Amy Childs flaunts her post-baby body in a scarlet summer dress as she celebrates turning 27 with newborn daughter Polly MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in tiny blue bikini as she parties by the pool with her pals on Greek getaway Jorgie Porter puts her shapely pins on show in thigh-skimming shirt dress as she enjoys girly brunch in West Hollywood Legs eleven  Good night? Make-up free Fearne Cotton clutches a huge flask of coffee after partying into the early hours at Glamour Awards Getting some fresh air Supermarket sweep! Casually-clad Coleen Rooney displays her post-holiday glow as she leaves the shops laden down with groceries  Shopping in style  'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins  Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy She's expecting  Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Emma Willis looks exhausted on This Morning following 'tipsy' Glamour Awards... and reveals Holly Willoughby made her STAGE DIVE at her wedding 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses marriage to Daniel Craig Still stunning  'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Happy couple Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in a translucent LBD during dinner date with The Weeknd in NYC Baring all Making waves! Cody Simpson speaks at the United Nation's Ocean's Conference after being named their FIRST advocate New role Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted trousers Striking Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cosies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville Made a solo trip to the event on Wednesday 'It gives you goosebumps': The Voice Kids judge Pixie Lott is a sexy señorita in floral Bardot gown... as she marvels at 'magical' maturity of contestants 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne smugly reveals Cheryl has son Bear sleeping at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik 'He was actually really cool about it': Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after agreeing to drunken dare Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 9 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / E-Commerce / Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees To Speed Online Orders By Christopher S. Rugaber PUBLISHED: JUNE 04 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online, while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home -- what the industry refers to as the "last mile" -- "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Customer Service, Walmart, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 2. HP Delivers New Omen Gaming PCs 3. Net Neutrality: Day of Action Planned 4. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 5. Leak Reveals Flawed Election System MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN E-COMMERCE 1. Amazon Offers More Prime Discounts 2. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 3. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon 4. Amazon Joins the $1,000 Club 5. Bitcoin Value Hits an All-Time High NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Jun 05, 2017 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Blockchain could be used as a tool in food safety AFP, NEW YORK The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to enhance food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM Corp, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc is testing the technology system on mangoes in the US and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counterparties to transact using individual codes for goods. “I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system,” Walmart vice president of food safety Frank Yiannas said. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. The system could also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. “The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information,” said Bill Fearnley Jr, an expert at market intelligence firm IDC Corp. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that could cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to more quickly locate the source of an incident, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach. However, blockchain “generally takes days to trace,” Yiannas said. “The more accurately you can track food, the better.” The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency could also help promote more desirable practices. British start-up Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology has also been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called “conflict diamonds,” which come from war-torn regions. “Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond’s journey and ultimately reshape the way we trade diamonds globally,” said Leanne Kemp, chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. However, to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk Line estimates the technology could save billions of US dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. However, the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with about 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes and food safety oversight. This story has been viewed 2084 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-06-01 to 2017-06-08 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Off the Beaten Track: Water Curtain Cave: A perfect introduction to enchanting Taiwan MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Father George Martinson dies 4 Blockchain could be used as a tool in food safety 5 Floods, landslides leave two dead MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 9 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Digital Life / Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees To Speed Online Orders By Christopher S. Rugaber PUBLISHED: JUNE 04 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online, while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home -- what the industry refers to as the "last mile" -- "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Customer Service, Walmart, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 3. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 4. IBM Unveils 5-Nanometer Chip 5. Shockingly Hot Planet Discovered MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 2. HP Delivers New Omen Gaming PCs 3. Android Update Fixes Pixel Freezing 4. Net Neutrality: Day of Action Planned 5. Amazon Offers More Prime Discounts SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 10 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / World Wide Web / Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees To Speed Online Orders By Christopher S. Rugaber PUBLISHED: JUNE 04 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online, while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home -- what the industry refers to as the "last mile" -- "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Customer Service, Walmart, Amazon, Amazon Prime, Alibaba Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. SMBs Find Vets Dedicated, Capable 3. WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About 4. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 5. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN WORLD WIDE WEB 1. Amazon Offers More Prime Discounts 2. Q&A: Combatting Internet Extremism 3. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 4. 70% of Smartphone Apps Track Users 5. Wal-Mart Tries To Catch Amazon NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks By Paul Ausick June 4, 2017 10:08 am EDT Print Email Tweet Source: ThinkstockWhat started out as a miserable recitation of quarterly earnings from some of the country’s biggest retailers was saved by a handful of late reports that came in better than expected. The good news is the patient still has a pulse. Analysts at Gordon Haskett Research Advisors on Friday published a note that included the firm’s take on 10 retail stocks. The note used a “Top 10 Awards” approach based on titles from some hit songs by the Rolling Stones. Not all the awards are necessarily ones that retailers would be happy to win. Here’s our summary of the awards and the analysts’ ratings and price targets. Wayfair Inc. (NYSE: W): Reiterated Buy rating and $70 price target The “I Can’t Get No Satisfaction”, Most Valuable Quarter (MVQ) Award. Post a solid 1Q print, Wayfair leaves us wanting more! To this end, with accelerating sales trends intra-quarter (and into April) along with favorable [Key Performance Indicators] KPI metrics almost across the board, the online player had a breakout print, leading the stock to all-time highs. Importantly, looking ahead, our proprietary email receipt data analysis suggests a continuation of that trend into May, which should translate into another healthy 2Q print. Macy’s Inc. (NYSE: M): Reiterated Hold rating and $25 price target The “Paint It Black”, Least Valuable Quarter (LVQ) Award. [Macy’s] set the table for a difficult 1Q EPS season posting a surprising 5.2% [same-store sales] SSS drop. More shocking to us was the lack of meaningful pick-up in sales trends during the March/April period (vs. February) – a concerning development. Williams-Sonoma Inc. (NYSE: WSM): Reiterated Accumulate rating and $62 price target The “You Can’t Always Get What You Want” Award. [Williams-Sonoma] reported a very solid 1Q (all five banners improving sequentially on the stacks) following our initiation report (5/8) … Indeed, the [Pottery Barn] division showed some life in the first quarter and WSM’s overall comparable brand guidance of 1-3% appears conservative . . . yet the stock wasn’t able to hold its gains as the bear camp dug in deeper. Costco Wholesale Corp. (NASDAQ: COST): Reiterated Accumulate rating and $191 price target The “Gimme Shelter” Award. We continue to view [Costco] as a core holding where investors can feel comfortable taking shelter. … Looking out, with easing core/GAAP SSS compares on the horizon (+ strong May SSS with core comp of ~4.5%) and its offensive/defensive attributes in place, the stock remains a relatively safe play, in our view. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT): Reiterated Buy rating and $90 price target The “Start Me Up” Award. “This is not your father’s Wal-Mart anymore”. In fact,following the end of its $6.0 [billion] SG&A investment, WMT is just getting started. … Looking ahead, our proprietary five city/nation-wide monthly pricing work (~200 SKU’s) is revealing steady price cuts by Wal-Mart over the past two months, suggesting the company is finally primed to regain its productivity loop – driving traffic higher in the coming months and see its 2Q SSS guidance of 1.5-2.0% as confidence that the team from Bentonville has momentum in its business. Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT): Reiterated Sell rating and $48 price target The “Beast of Burden” Award. The Beast of Burden is the outlaw ballad that captured the mood of the Stones at the end of the 1970’s – in other words, embattled and staring down an uncertain future. …  Our guarded view on the stock centers on the pace at which Target is re-investing in (1) price, (2) in-stores, and (3) digitally to maintain share. All told, while Target’s 1Q print was better-than-expected on the EPS front, our concern on the speed at which Target is moving remains unwavered. Whole Foods Market Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM): Reiterated Buy rating and $42 price target The “Time Is On My Side” Award. Whole Foods near-term fundamental outlook took a back seat in 2Q when the company took a number of steps to institute change down in Austin … Recall, our [May 8 coverage] initiation was predicated on the need for change at Whole Foods and with a new Board in place and a change agent in Jana waiting in the wings . . . we believe our patience will ultimately be rewarded …. Dollar Tree Inc. (NASDAQ: DLTR): Reiterated Buy rating and $98 price target The “Waiting on a Friend” Award. The core Dollar Tree business had a very sound 1Q with SSS rising 2.5% – accelerating roughly 110 basis points sequentially on the stacks. … Unfortunately, the company’s Family Dollar division posted a negative 1.2% comp with overall EBIT margins dropping ~50 basis points year-over-year to 4.6%.  As a result of the divergence in performance between the two banners and our long-term view that the DLTR management team will fix a non-structurally impaired [Family Dollar] banner, Dollar Tree receives the “Waiting on a Friend” Award for 1Q. J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (NYSE: JCP): Reiterated Reduce rating and $4.50 price target The “Play with Fire” Award. As noted in the past, after years of underinvestment/misdirection combined with the missteps surrounding the Ron Johnson experiment, JCPenney has dug itself a big hole.  Said differently, the brand is arguably tired and not resonating with consumers like it did in the 1970’s/1980’s. … Despite this shortfall, the team from Plano kept its FY17 SSS guidance (-1% to +1%) intact … While plausible, we would have preferred a more conservative view …. Dollar General Inc. (NYSE: DG): Raised to Accumulate and $84 price target The “Miss You” Award. We’ve long been fans of the team from Goodlettsville, so our former Reduce Rating was an unusual stance for us . . . but one that we felt was appropriate nevertheless. However, after taking into consideration an array of new data points since our 5/8 initiation, including: (1) less than stellar results from Family Dollar (SSS down 1.2% in 1Q); (2) favorable developments from our proprietary traffic survey that showed Dollar General scoring the highest amongst its dollar store peer group (with healthy trends in May); and (3) encouraging results from our five city/200 SKU pricing survey that showed DG holding a 1.2% price advantage over Wal-Mart – putting the company in a position of strength (vs. weakness), we felt a change in view was necessary. By Paul Ausick « IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action ‘Wonder Woman’ Hits $100 Million, Record for Female Director » Read more: Retail, Analyst Upgrades, Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST), Dollar General (NYSE:DG), Dollar Tree Stores (NASDAQ:DLTR), J.C. Penney Company, Inc. (NYSE:JCP), Macy's, Inc. (NYSE:M), Target (NYSE:TGT), W, Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Most Dangerous Cars in America States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada The Worst Counties to Live In Recent NewLink Genetics Sinks After Regaining Licensing Rights for Its Cancer Treatment Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BHP Billiton, Carlyle, Freeport-McMoRan, Juno, Kite, Sempra Energy, Six Flags and More Is SciClone Pharma Getting Enough in the Buyout? 9 Companies That Destroyed Shareholders This Earnings Season Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Reinvents Its Private Brand These 2 Hated Dividend Stocks Are Buys How Nike Inc. Makes Most of Its Money NewLink Genetics' stock plunges 29% premarket after Genentech plans to return rights to cancer treatment Juno Therapeutics stock drops 5% after BTIG downgrades to sell August gold down $7.70, or 0.6%, at $1,285.60/oz. Not Too Worried to Rise Do Options Traders Know Something About Emerge Energy (EMES) Stock We Don't? Why Aqua Metals (AQMS) Could Be Positioned for a Slump Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised The Latest: ECB president says risks to economy diminished In Beijing, Perry promotes US-China clean energy cooperation Boeing Is Working On Self-Flying Plane Technology, And Our Hands Are Already Sweaty Interior Secretary Takes Aim At Obama-Era Sage Grouse Protections Trump's Proposed Cuts To Foreign Food Aid Are Proving Unpopular Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News William Blair Comments on Tempur Sealy International Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (TPX) Contrasting Soleno Therapeutics (SLNO) and Vermillion (VRML) Financial Analysis: Myriad Genetics (MYGN) and Qiagen NV (QGEN) Information Services Group (III) & CEB (CEB) Critical Comparison Brokerages Expect FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $436.71 Million Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) a $11.00 Price Target Great Lakes Advisors LLC Has $713,000 Stake in Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Aetna Inc (AET) Position Lowered by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Martingale Asset Management L P Sells 7,607 Shares of Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Stake Raised by Marietta Wealth Management LLC Gartner Inc (IT) Position Reduced by Oxford Asset Management Oxford Asset Management Acquires New Stake in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Coherus Biosciences Inc (CHRS) Lifted to “Sell” at ValuEngine Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Has $53.46 Million Stake in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Strong Sell Capstone Turbine Co. (CPST) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine RBO & Co. LLC Has $233,000 Stake in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.81 Million Convergys Corp (CVG) Position Decreased by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC Has $307,000 Position in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) Given Media Impact Score of 0.35 June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) has been trending positive on Sunday, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Wal-Mart Stores earned a media sentiment score of 0.35 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media stories about the retailer an impact score of 75 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the media headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home – Investorplace.com (investorplace.com) Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) (americanbankingnews.com) Is Wal-Mart a Threat to Amazon? (finance.yahoo.com) 3 Ways Retailers Are Using Artificial Intelligence to Help Save Stores (finance.yahoo.com) Wal-mart (WMT) Reports Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results (streetinsider.com) A number of research firms have recently commented on WMT. Vetr downgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.17 price objective on the stock. in a report on Thursday. Robert W. Baird set a $85.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, May 29th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $88.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, May 29th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, May 29th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $78.41. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.62 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $76.42 and a 200 day moving average of $71.44. The company has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a PE ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a 52 week low of $65.28 and a 52 week high of $79.93. Wal-Mart Stores also saw some unusual options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders bought 3,595 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 104% compared to the typical daily volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total transaction of $408,069.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/wal-mart-stores-wmt-given-media-impact-score-of-0-35.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill Club Metro Tennis Boxing UFC Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares Mum has a brilliant response to the woman in Walmart who called her son ‘repulsive’ Miranda Larbi for Metro.co.ukSunday 4 Jun 2017 1:30 pm (Picture: Dallas Lynn) This is 2-year-old Jameus. He was born with Hirschsprung’s disease – a rare condition that affects the intestines. Pregnant woman challenges her husband to a workout and completely owns him So far, he’s had 20 bouts of surgery and he’s been fitted with stomas and ostomies. But he still accompanies mum Dallas Lynn on her grocery trips to Walmart like any other mischievous toddler. The other week, however, the pair were at the supermarket checkouts when a random woman called Jameaus ‘repulsive’. (Picture: Dallas Lynn) In a Facebook post, Dallas says that Jameus wanted to be cuddled and as she picked him up out of the shopping trolley, she exposed his two stoma bags. ‘Typically, I have a onesie underneath his shirt but tonight I just got him dressed quickly to run to the store,’ she says. ‘There was an older woman in line behind me who caught a glimpse and shrieked a little before she said to me, “why in the world would you let someone do that to him?”‘ Dallas gave her a shorted version of Jameus’ condition, without actually mentioning his rare disease. ‘She then goes, “well I am sorry but I just think that is so ‘repulsing’, can you please keep his shirt down?” At this point, I just wanted to shake this woman and scream “what is wrong with you?!” But instead, I told her to have a good night and went to another line.’ In response, Dallas has decided to share a picture of Jameus to show that there’s ‘nothing repulsive about (her) son’. ‘Stomas and ostomies seem to be taboo when in reality, over 500,000 Americans have one. My son’s disease may be rare, but his stomas are not. ‘Was this the first choice of a life I would have chosen for my son? Absolutely not. But this was his only shot at life. When he was two weeks old, his colon ruptured. It left him with a life-threatening infection that nearly killed him. His stoma saved his life. ‘There is a very good chance he will have these for the rest of his life and if he does, it will be my job to teach him a positive body image. It will be my job to teach him to love himself, and his bags. Had he been a couple years older and been able to understand the ignorance the lady was spewing in line behind us, how much of a negative impact do you think that would have had on him?’ (Picture: Dallas Lynn) The post has now been shared over 26,000 times with parents sharing pictures of their own stoma-bag wearing babies and leaving messages of support. ‘That lil’ guy is very handsome and that lady is an uneducated fool. Forget her and her rudeness… things happen in life and he should not have to feel ashamed or less of a person b/c of someone’s stupidity,’ writes one person. More: Health Here's what personal trainers actually carry around in their gym bags Social jetlag could be the reason you're tired all week Stop telling single people that they're doomed to be unhealthy And hopefully, the story will go some way to helping Dallas raise money for Jameus’ continued treatment. So far, she’s raised $10,748 (£8,335) on her Go Fund Me page – much of which will go towards funding trips to see a new surgeon out in Denver. The pair live in South Carolina. ‘Travelling back and forth will be extremely expensive,’ she says. (Picture: Go Fund Me) ‘As a single mum, I am supporting myself, Jameus, and paying for all the current treatment Jameus needs. This does not leave room to save for the trips to Denver. Even when I can save up some money for the trip, Jameus ends up needing another surgery or treatment. ‘My little boy deserves to start living his life without constant sickness, infection and surgeries. It will only be through the generosity of others that he can have a chance of a better quality of life.’ You can donate to Jameus’ surgery fund here. MORE: Men with inflammatory bowel disease answer questions on what it’s like to have a stoma bag MORE: What you need to know about ileostomy/colostomy bags and stomas (but were afraid to ask) The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more MoreFamiliesHealthParenting Parents 'steal' their daughter's bike to teach her a lesson Pregnant woman challenges her husband to a workout and completely owns him Tourette's Awareness Day: This is what it is like to live with Tourette's Syndrome A nurse in Canada is making tiny superhero capes for premature babies and it's too much Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » People are obsessed with this 'sexy' Shiba Inu from Japan Man's McDonald's ice cream sandwich trick is a game-changer Universal Credit and applying for benefits destroyed my life Get your spoons out: Oreo spread is here and it looks amazing Woman makes her own full-body mattress so she can nap any where, any timeMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Health › Health Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 08 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 08 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Blockchain seen as tool in food safety Share Tweet Blockchain seen as tool in food safety Wal-Mart Stores is testin­g the techno­logy system on mangos By AFP Published: June 4, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos . PHOTO: REUTERS NEW YORK: The food industry is turning to the same technology used by virtual currencies to strengthen food safety and inventory management by tracking meats and crops from farm to table. Working with IBM, retail giant Wal-Mart Stores is testing the technology system on mangos in the United States and pork in China. Blockchain, the underlying technology behind virtual currency bitcoin, is a digital system that allows counter parties to transact using individual codes for goods. “I see a lot of potential to create what I call a digital and transparent food system,” said Wal-Mart food safety vice president Frank Yiannas. The technology enables different parties in the supply chain to share details such as the date an animal was slaughtered or the weather conditions at harvest time. Data can be stored through a photograph on a smartphone that is transmitted onto a dedicated platform. Toyota, tech firms explore blockchain for driverless cars The system also can also counter fraud and mistaken deliveries, champions of the technology say. “The advantage of blockchain is that the ledger is immediately updated and all the parties have access to the latest information,” said Bill Fearnley, Jr. an expert at market intelligence firm IDC. Supporters of blockchain are especially keen to address salmonella and other food safety problems that can cause health scares that weigh on corporate reputation and damage sales. The technology allows a more efficient response if there is a problem, enabling companies to locate the source of an incident more quickly, Yiannas said. He pointed to a 2006 case where it took hundreds of investigators and two weeks to identify the source of bad spinach under a paper-based system. But blockchain “generally takes days to trace,” Yiannas said. “The more accurately you can track food, the better.” The other great virtue of blockchain is enhanced transparency by letting consumers look up key information on where food comes from, an asset amid growing concerns about genetically-modified crops and artificial ingredients. That additional transparency also can help promote more desirable practices. SBP studying new technology to protect against cybercrime British online startup Provenance used blockchain technology to test tuna caught in Indonesia to help corroborate claims the fish were responsibly caught. The technology also has been embraced by companies in the jewelry business to fight the sale of so-called “conflict diamonds,” which come from war-torn regions. “Our goal is to provide transparency at every step of a diamond’s journey and ultimately re-shape the way we trade diamonds globally,” said Leanne Kemp chief executive of Everledger, a British company that tracks diamonds from the mines to jewelry stores. But to completely function as a system, all the parties need to participate, Fearnley said. Danish shipping giant Maersk estimates the technology could save billions of dollars by eliminating fraud and incorrect deliveries. It is testing the technology with container ships between Kenya and the Netherlands. But the transition will require investment. A refrigerated product raised in Africa and shipped to Europe requires at least 30 people with some 200 interactions among parties, including customs, taxes, and food safety oversight. Read more: bitcoin , blockchain , Food safety Read full story Recommended Stories Coinbase suffers outages amid bitcoin surge The virtual currency hit a fresh all-time high of $2,760.10 Bitcoin soars above $2,400 to all-time high The virtual currency has more than doubled this year Bitcoin options exchange raises $11.4 million in funding LedgerX plans to operate regulated exchange and clearing house for bitcoin and other digital currencies Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Deepika Padukone body shamed on social media for controversial photo shoot 2 Saudi ad censors woman, replaces her with inflatable ball 3 Girl forced boyfriend to kill himself so she could become 'grieving girlfriend' 4 12 dead in attacks on Iran parliament, Khomenei's mausoleum in Tehran 5 5 adorable things Kareena Kapoor Khan has said about her son Taimur 6 Govt set to increase property valuation rates by up to 30% 7 A talk show host tried to prank Shah Rukh Khan and his response was NOT GOOD 8 Pakistani model Diya Ali inching closer to Miss World dream 9 Govt announces three-day Eid holiday 10 New car manufacturing plants face delay Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyChina unveils world’s first driverless rail transit system © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Retail June 4 2017 Save Print Gwen Stefani and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart's AGM Abha Bhattarai facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just after 8 am, a woman descends from the ceiling at the Bud Walton Arena, 30 miles from Walmart's headquarters. Gwen Stefani appears on stage and introduces the day's host, country singer Blake Shelton. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 Video duration 02:34 GDP slows less than estimated GDP slows less than estimated With interest rates expected to be on hold for the rest of the year, Morgan Stanley Australia Strategist Daniel Blake says the economy is a victim of its own success. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Sydney house prices not falling Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 Sydney house prices not falling Sydney house prices not falling Another housing story, but an important one as it cuts through the noise from those screaming disaster or never-ending boom. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next How much can you save at Aldi? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 How much can you save at Aldi? How much can you save at Aldi? Choice has conducted a price comparison of the average shopping basket across the major supermarkets. Up Next Australia - the new economic record holders Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Australia - the new economic record ... Australia - the new economic record holders Here what the Treasurer has to say after Australia secured the world record for the longest period of uninterrupted economic growth. Up Next Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:34 Video duration 00:34 Uber fires 20 employees after harassment ... Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Uber has fired 20 employees following an investigation into claims of harassment, discrimination, bullying and other employee concerns. Up Next Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:36 Video duration 01:36 Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic ... Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Most of Qatar's land, air and sea ports are being blocked amid a diplomatic dispute with some its Middle Eastern neighbours. More videos Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. "This reminds me of my Shelton family reunions," he tells the roaring crowd. "Except they don't ever start at the crack of dawn." And so begins the dizzying three-hour affair that is Walmart's annual shareholder meeting. Related Content Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home In between performances by Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and Rachel Platten, company executives take care of less glamorous matters - votes on executive compensation, corporate board nominations and a measure to bring more transparency to the make-up of the part-time workforce. An estimated 14,000 Walmart employees and shareholders are in the crowd, waving flags from 28 countries and chanting "Walmart, Walmart! Sam's Club, Sam's Club!" Advertisement In between performances, Walmart executives continued to emphasise the need to move online to compete with Amazon.com, which executives referred to as "that other website." Technology focus They highlighted recent investments in training and technology, and talked about the importance of cutting costs while increasing sales. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting. Photo: Jason Ivester Each 1-per cent decrease in expenses amounts to a $1 billion savings for the company, chief financial officer Brett Biggs (introduced by Shelton as "the pharaoh of finance") told shareholders. In recent years, Walmart has expanded its online inventory and begun offering free two-day shipping on orders over $US35 ($A47). It has also found ways to keep its 4600 stores relevant, by offering discounts to customers who pick up online orders in person. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Walmart chief exeuctive Doug McMillon addressed shareholders. Photo: Jason Ivester "The advantage that we have is that we're really building an omni-channel business, and customers in their lives want to shop in lots of different ways," Doug McMillon, Walmart's chief executive, said. "In a lot of the country and a lot of the world, people will stop in stores, online, they'll pick up and order depending on what they want that moment. Our plan is to use all of our assets to win - and I think that's an advantage." Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce. Walmart US chief executive Greg Foran Employees to deliver Earlier in the week, the company announced it is enlisting employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The effort, meant to cut costs by eliminating third-party delivery services, is being tested in three U.S. stores. "Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce," Greg Foran, president and chief executive of Walmart US and a former senior executive at Woolworths, said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Walmart executive Greg Foran during his time as CEO of Big W. Photo: Jim Rice "But we have an advantage that no one else has: All of you, our associates." But some employees were less concerned about the future than the present. A handful of shareholders and Walmart workers presented proposals at the meeting, calling on the company to treat its workers better by offering higher wages, improved benefits and more predictable schedules. Pay Push "An unfair leave policy, reduced hours and low pay make it difficult for most of us to pay our bills and take care of our families," said Carolyn Davis, who works at a Walmart store in Outer Banks, North Carolina, and was representing the activist group Organization United for Respect Walmart. "Walmart can, and should, live up to the promises it makes: Letting us take care of our children when they are sick, and accepting our doctor's notes." Janie Grice, an employee from Marion, South Carolina, asked the company to offer more information on gender and racial information on the company's part- and full-time workers. "Too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently, we can't plan our lives or line up a second job. Too many of us still can't pay our bills." Walmart executives, for their part, touted the company's investments in training and wages for employees. Earlier this year, the company said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers. Investment pushed "With respect to our associates, the $2.7 billion investment in training, education and wages - that really happened. That's real," said Jeff Gearhart, Walmart's general counsel. "We're also investing in technology to make our associates' jobs easier and to help them serve our customers better." Last year, he added, Walmart offered 150,000 part-time workers full-time positions, and promoted 200,000 of its 1.2 million U.S. employees to higher-ranking jobs. Throughout the meeting, there were slides and videos highlighting company successes: A 30 per cent year-over-year increase in the company's share price, annual revenue of $486 billion, and an employee from Las Cruces, New Mexico, who sold 800 packages of Utz Cheese Balls in April, up from 33 a year ago. Later, Gearhart returned to the stage to announce the outcome of the shareholders' votes. Walmart got its way: All 11 nominees to its corporate board - including Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon, former Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer and at least two members of the Walton family - were elected (or re-elected) by a majority vote. Shareholders also approved pay packages for Walmart executives, including McMillon, who last year received $22.4 million, and Marc Lore, the company's head of e-commerce, who was paid $236.9 million last year - or $4.6 million per week. (For comparison's sake, it would take an entry-level worker who makes $10 an hour nearly 220 years to make as much as Lore does in one week.) None of the proposals set forth by shareholders - including one that would have required the board chairman to be "independent of management," and another that asked for transparency on the gender and racial make-up of part-time workers - were passed. Moments later, Stefani took to the stage again - this time, back-up dancers in tow. She sang two songs, including a profanity-free version of "Hollaback Girl." "Walmart! Sam's Club!," she shouted from the stage, mid-way through "Hella Good." "This is our situation right now: I need to see every single one of you here jumping with me." The crowd went wild. Washington Post Originally published on smh.com.au as 'Gwen Stefani and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart's AGM'. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas 'This is in effect wage theft': The problem of working at Aldi WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
news release dates sole search forums marketplace News Walmart Expects to Sell $25 Million Worth of These Light-Up Sneakers × Sole Collector News Release Dates All Release Dates Nike Release Dates Air Jordan Release Dates Adidas Release Dates Under Armour Release Dates Reebok Release Dates Other Release Dates Sneakers Sole Search Yeezy Boost 350 Jordan 11 Jordan 12 Our Community Forums Marketplace Sign up / Log in More from Complex Complex First We Feast Pigeons and Planes Collider Green Label Walmart Expects to Sell $25 Million Worth of These Light-Up Sneakers The chain hope to cash in on the trend. By Brandon Richard Addressing Walmart employees before the company's annual shareholder meeting last week, chief merchandising officer Steve Bratspies stepped on stage wearing a pair of light-up sneakers, a trend he says the company is betting on big this year. In fact, Walmart expects to sell $25 million worth of the Flashlights sneaker, a USB-charged model that connects with phones and computers. When charged, LED lights can stay lit for up to 8 hours. They retail for $19.97, which means Walmart would have to sell 1.25 million pairs to hit the estimate. According to the Washington Post's report, Bratspies brought up the fact that similar sneakers by big national brands are selling for about $60 a pair. “We beat on price, don’t we?” he said. “Every day, we beat on price.” The Flashlights sneakers will release in grey, white, black and glittery pink in July. Watch Now Tags ● Walmart Comment Join The Discussion Sign up for our newsletter about us privacy policy site map contact us terms of use advertise All Release Dates Nike Releases Dates Air Jordan Releases Adidas Releases Under Armour Release Dates Reebok Release Dates Other Release Dates © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved All Release Dates Nike Releases Dates Air Jordan Releases Adidas Release Dates Under Armour Release Dates Reebok Release Dates Other Release Dates Sign up for our newsletter
Can't connect right now! retry Home latest pakistan world sports entertaintment business health Amazing Sci-Tech Videos shows GEO Urdu Tv . Radio. X Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Entertainment Business Health Amazing Sci-Tech TV Shows Videos Urdu .Radio .Tv Panama Leaks UK Election Gulf Crisis Nehal Hashmi Advertisement business Saturday Jun 03 2017 By RREUTERS Big US companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt By RREUTERS Saturday Jun 03, 2017 WASHINGTON: Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the US at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Advertisement More From Business: business CNG stations in Sindh to remain closed from Thursday to Friday Updated 20 hours ago business Markets falter as investors eye UK election, ECB, Comey Updated 2 days ago business Agriculture, CPEC to raise Pakistan's growth to 5.5 percent in 2017/18: World Bank Updated 2 days ago business Asian stocks stumble, oil creeps up as markets ponder fallout of Mideast tension Updated 2 days ago business PSX gains 1,500 points Updated 3 days ago business Major airlines announce end to Qatar-bound flights Updated 3 days ago business Sindh govt presents budget with over Rs1 trillion outlay for first time Updated 3 days ago business World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain Updated 4 days ago business Cement exports declined 45% in May this year Updated 4 days ago Load More Advertisement Latest view all Sports 8 minutes ago Dhawan, Dhoni propels India to 321 Sports an hour ago Rumman Raees joins Pakistan squad for Champions Trophy Pakistan an hour ago Afghan women's arrest: Main suspect identified by CCTV footage Pakistan 2 hours ago Pakistan will do all it can to diplomatically resolve Gulf crisis: PM Advertisement
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Coming Up Yahoo News live coverage of James Comey testimony Katie Couric and guests preview the former FBI director’s appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee Walmart's Employees To Deliver Online Orders On Way Back Home Ishani Roy International Business Times June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share To compete against online giants Amazon, Walmart will allow store employees to deliver orders while driving back home, to speed up its online delivery services.More In a move to match up to the Amazon's convenient options for web purchases, Walmart announced Thursday it will allow store employees to opt for a delivery service program in which they would drop packages at customers' homes while going back home, reports said. Walmart executives pointed out the idea behind this move was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries. When the multinational retail giant's employees drive to customers' homes, the most expensive part of the fulfillment process would be taken care of, the Washington Post reported. Read: How Is Amazon Making A Strong Move Toward FMCG Sector?  Both Walmart and Amazon are competing for speeding up their delivery systems for online orders in the country. Walmart's announcement comes amid the retailer doubling down on online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter this year. The largest retailer in the U.S. has worked towards increasing its online share in the country in 2016.  According to the Walmart website, it inked a $3.3 billion to acquire Jet.com — an e-commerce company headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey — last year. The company took this aggressive step to compete with Amazon, which accounts for about 33 percent of U.S. online sales, the Post reported. Around 90 percent of the U.S. population reside within 10 miles of a Walmart and the retail giant is probably using these locations as shipping hubs to challenge Amazon's online delivery services. By utilizing their own workforce and their vehicles, Walmart could create a vast network with lesser upfront cost, similar to how Uber created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars last year, Bloomberg reported. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Walmart's e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com. Lore added: "This test could be a game-changer." He also said the move could curtail delivery times as many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees. Apart from speeding up delivery procedures, the new program is also reportedly seen as a way for employees to earn extra income, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Reports said citing Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala that Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. The employees can also set size and weight limits on delivery packages. However, if there are not enough employees to make a delivery, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. Meanwhile, the Seattle-based Amazon has also taken steps in recent months to speed up delivery. Last year, it reportedly unveiled its first branded cargo plane that would take more control of its delivery process. It was one of 40 aircrafts the company planned to lease. It has also created an on-demand network of drivers — Amazon Flex — similar to Uber  or Lyft. Related Articles eBay Takes on Amazon And Walmart With Three-Day Guaranteed Delivery Walmart Gets Rid of Amazon Prime Rival ShippingPass, Offers Two-Day Shipping Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Mom loses 107 lbs to spite husband and mistress who called her fat 3,523 reactions15%57%28% James Comey testifies at Senate hearing 5 reactions0%100%0% Confession of LeBron: 'I'm drained right now' after another NBA Finals loss to the Warriors 644 reactions6%75%19% This Guy Wore The Same Shirt For Every Yearbook Photo For Seven Years 599 reactions10%77%13% Deadly military transport plane crash in Myanmar 15 reactions0%82%18% Young Londoner expresses support for Labor Party Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 154 reactions4%79%17% Live coverage: James Comey Senate testimony 84 reactions2%78%20% 'GMA' Deals and Steals on must-have products for outdoor summer fun 1 reactions Mystery Creature Spotted In California Foothills 136 reactions1%89%10% Fantastic photography of insects and water droplets 24 reactions26%62%12% Voters head to polls for UK elections Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 98 reactions8%68%24% Christina El Moussa Dating Businessman, Ex Tarek ‘Acting Out’ Source Says 1,245 reactions5%77%18% Oprah Winfrey Speaks Out On Bill Maher's N-Word Controversy 973 reactions3%64%33% Putin Has Most Putin Response To Whether He’d Shower Next To A Gay Man 2,683 reactions5%67%28% GOP senators admonish Dem for persistent questioning Jerry: She came across as arrogant and rude. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.4k
News Sports Living Classifieds 51° Full Menu 51° Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Blues Colleges High Schools Recruiting High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Homes Local Homes for Sale Legals Place Ad Metro-East News June 05, 2017 4:44 PM Collinsville police seek suspect in carjacking at Walmart News-Democrat LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Collinsville Police are looking for a man suspected of hijacking a woman’s vehicle at gunpoint Monday at a Walmart, according to the Collinsville Police Department. Police responded at about 8:10 a.m. to the Walmart at 1040 Collinsville Crossing Blvd. to a report of an armed vehicular hijacking. A female victim told police she pulled into a parking spot near the store’s entrance and left her vehicle. She had returned to her vehicle briefly to retrieve an item when she was approached from behind by a lone male suspect. The victim said the man brandished a firearm and demanded her keys, cell phone and wallet. She complied, and the man reportedly fled toward the Home Depot in the woman’s vehicle, described as a 2017 charcoal gray Nissan Altima with Illinois plates ZU25099. The suspect is described as a black male in his early 20s, approximately 5-foot-7, with a thin build, short dreadlocks and wearing black jeans and a dark gray shirt. Surveillance footage revealed the suspect arrived at the store in a white Nissan passenger car. Video showed that the suspect vehicle parked next to the victim’s vehicle and both vehicles departed simultaneously from Walmart toward Mall Street. An investigation into the hijacking continues. Anyone with information can contact Lieutenant Charles Mackin at 618-344-2131, ext. 5130 or CrimeStoppers at 866-371-8477.   LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 12 hours ago Car crash on Illinois 163 in East St. Louis 0:15 12 hours ago Car crash on Illinois 163 in East St. Louis 2:25 14 hours ago State Rep. Jay Hoffman, community leaders talk need for budget solution 1:08 18 hours ago Neighbor remembers father of dead child found in garage View More Video Metro-East News Child’s body found in garage; police believe killing happened in Belleville Lawmakers say they’re ‘willing to make tough votes’ to pass budget Beast Craft BBQ serves up remodeling plan Delays expected along westbound I-55/64 starting Thursday Look, but don’t touch the hundreds of quilts on display this weekend Metro-East News Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart Distribution Center On Target For 2018 Opening; Company Expands Elsewhere In Alabama by John Sharp, AL.com Posted: Monday, June 5, 2017 at 3:40PM EDT The humble beginnings of what will blossom into a mega-distribution center are beginning to take shape on west Mobile County farmland. At the non-descript site off Interstate 10 are dozens of pickup trucks, makeshift trailers and construction machines. The only symbol that this rural tract will become home to one of Walmart's biggest investments along the Gulf Coast is a simple sign that reads, "Coming Spring 2018. Walmart." "I drive out and look at the site periodically," said Troy Wayman, vice president of economic development with the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce. "It's kind of like your baby. You want to look as often as possible. It's phenomenal to see." To read the rest of the story, please go to: AL.com Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, June 08, 2017, 8:37 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Arkansas man gets 25 years in rape of woman in wooded area near Wal-Mart By Brandon Riddle This article was originally published June 5, 2017 at 3:00 p.m. Updated June 6, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. Comments (5) aAFont Size PHOTO BY BEEBE POLICE DEPARTMENT William Patrick Stillman, 58, of Beebe Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. An Arkansas man has been sentenced to 25 years in prison after pleading guilty to the rape of a woman near a Wal-Mart last year. William Patrick Stillman, 58, of Beebe appeared Monday in White County Circuit Court for sentencing after pleading guilty to one count of rape in May, according to a news release. The Beebe Police Department responded around 12:30 a.m. Oct. 2, 2016, to the store at 2003 W. Center St. in Beebe. The victim told officers that she was attacked from behind and assaulted as she walked home from the Wal-Mart through a wooded trail between the store and her residence. Witnesses heard the woman, then 26 years old, screaming in a wooded area east of the store’s parking lot. Video surveillance showed Stillman’s vehicle pulling into the parking lot as the victim walked nearby. Stillman then followed her into the woods and raped her, police said. Authorities arrested Stillman around 3:30 a.m. that day after the victim provided a physical description of her attacker, including that he had "an obstruction or deformity on his genitalia," the affidavit states. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Arkansas man, 23, gets 36 years in killing, h... Sweet revenge: Bears avenge 2015 loss, end Ho... Only 1 group found to feed homeless in Little... Appeals panel backs trial in suit; Arkansas o... Arkansas man gets 25 years in rape of woman i... Taco chain's 2nd Little Rock restaurant propo... Jacksonville/North Pulaski School Board final... JOHN BRUMMETT: Cotton and Medicaid Hogs look to continue roll with LB from Georg... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Arkansas man gets 25 years in rape of woman in wooded area near Wal-Mart To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 5 of 5 total comments LRDawg says... June 5, 2017 at 3:13 p.m. More white sex crimes ( permalink | suggest removal ) titleist10 says... June 5, 2017 at 4:49 p.m. Weird looking dude keep him in prison ( permalink | suggest removal ) DEE672 says... June 5, 2017 at 5:16 p.m. Another one. There is definitely SOMETHING wrong with some men. ( permalink | suggest removal ) epeeking says... June 6, 2017 at 11:20 a.m. These offenders needed to be castrated for their minimum sentence and repeat offenders executed. ( permalink | suggest removal ) DEE672 says... June 6, 2017 at 11:43 a.m. Will this despicable be paroled after serving only a third of his sentence to rape another woman? ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Spy chief said to get request to sway FBI (40 comments) Senators to seek Russia sanctions in Iran measure (1 comment) Trump vows to develop 'first class' infrastructure (2 comments) Ex-FBI director in prepared statement to Congress: Trump told him 'I need loyalty' (11 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: The big game begins (3 comments) Sheriff's office: Arkansas woman says she needs to work on knife skills after cutting husband (16 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Industry Commentary: Walmart's employee delivery initiative June 5, 2017 Walmart recently announced a pilot program where its associates would be given the option to deliver online orders on their way home from work. Two industry experts offer their comments on the program below:    "Wal-Mart’s store associate delivery initiative represents a shift in the landscape of last-mile delivery. To date, we have seen a majority of retailers test out and implement BOPIS initiatives to not only maximize their shipping strategy and drive in-store traffic, but to also deliver a competitive offering against Amazon.    Through this test-pilot, Wal-Mart is taking the last-mile delivery one step further and creating a broader ecosystem that not only utilizes their physical store presence as a central hub for retail operations but maximizes the power of their physical presence to aid in their order fulfillment strategy. It may be possible that we will see this type of strategy become more popular as retailers continue to transform their operations moving forward.”  -- Tushar Patel, chief marketing officer, Kibo      “Brilliant move on Walmart’s part to test the waters with an innovative twist on ship-from-store delivery. This is the right approach to think ‘outside the delivery box.’ Walmart is doing a great job of showing retailers that innovation isn’t the exclusive domain of Amazon. Beyond that they are including their staff, adding the human touch, which is the ultimate benefit of the physical retail presence.    At a time when so many retailers are laying off staff, and there is an feeling of disenfranchisement among associates, this is a great way of getting them engaged to promote positive customer experiences. Best of all this shows omnichannel brick-and-mortar retailers they have a solid opportunity to gain customers with excellent service, solid retail technology, and a splash of creativity."   -- Nick McLean, CEO, OrderDynamics  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Washington Spotlight: Big Wins for Retailers Fitch: ‘Location, Location, Location’ still applies, possibly now more than ever Retailers in control at RECon From Catwalk Trends to Data Trends: Must-Have Skills for Tomorrow’s Retailers Making the move from the regional mall to the urban lifestyle center Amazon Go’s Implications for an Industry in Need of a Revolution Analysis: A Good Fit? Canadian Firm Acquires American Apparel Making the move from the regional mall to the urban lifestyle center Industry Commentary: Walmart's employee delivery initiative From Catwalk Trends to Data Trends: Must-Have Skills for Tomorrow’s Retailers Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Gray Matters Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Two Texas counties. In one, you'll live almost a decade longer. Behrouz Zand, for the Houston Chronicle June 5, 2017 Updated: June 6, 2017 8:59am In Fort Bend County, where Sugar Land is, your life expectancy is almost a decade longer than in Polk County. In Fort Bend County, where Sugar Land is, your life expectancy is... Money doesn't come easy to Polk County, Texas. If you take the Livingston exit off Highway 59, heading west on Highway 190, you'll pass the town's Walmart, one of area's large employers. Take a left on FM 350, and after about five miles of country road, you'll arrive at the tall orange-and-white-checkered water tank that marks Allan B. Polunsky State Prison, home to Texas' Death Row, and another major source of jobs. People in the county work in lumber, too. It's a different story 120 miles away, in Fort Bend County, a sprawling suburb of Houston. Large employers there include Schlumberger, an energy technology company; and Texas Instruments. Sugar Land, one of Texas' fastest-growing cities, is there. City websites promote the place as both an economic powerhouse ("Sugar Land means business") and a tourist destination ("Summer is sweeter in Sugar Land"). The thing is, it's not just harder to make a living in Polk County; life is shorter there, too. On average, residents of Polk County die almost a decade before those of Fort Bend. "Inequalities of life expectancy between counties are getting larger and worse," says Dr. Ali Mokdad, an epidemiologist at the University of Washington's School of Public Health. Recently, in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine, Mokdad and colleagues published a county-level analysis of population and mortality data over the past 35 years. What they found is both remarkable and alarming: What county you live may determine how long you'll live. Though U.S. life expectancy has increased in the past 35 years, the gains haven't been evenly distributed. From 1980 to 2014, our national life expectancy increased from 74 to 79 years. But between U.S. counties, average life expectancy can differ by more than 20 years. The longest lives tended to be in counties on the west coast, northeastern coast, Rocky Mountain regions and in Minnesota. Some counties in Colorado averaged 87 years in life expectancy. The counties with the lowest life expectancy were mainly in the South, especially along the Mississippi River, and in the coal country of eastern Kentucky and western West Virginia. North and South Dakota also had poor results — particularly the counties that included Native American reservations. Some of the worse counties logged averages as low as 66 years. In Polk County, people live to 73, on average. In Fort Bend County, it's 82. What explains this difference? "We found three general factors explained 74 percent of the disparity between counties," says Dr. Mokdad. That amounts to behavioral/metabolic factors, socioeconomic factors — and the health care access of the places they live.   CLARK EVANS, 78, is a real-estate broker with white hair and wire-rimmed bifocals. He stays active by riding horses on his ranch, and at his home office there, Texas A&M memorabilia is scattered among framed photos of family and friends. But I was visiting because for the last 10 years, he's been the mayor of Livingston. He's lived in Polk County almost all his life. His vice, he said, used to be smoking. But that was back when "everyone smoked," and he quit 50 years ago. "Life is about choices," he said, and people should be allowed to make them. Photo: E. Joe Deering / Houston Chronicle Residents in Polk County tend to live 10 years less than residents of Fort Bend County. Residents in Polk County tend to live 10 years less than residents... "I don't think to have the government's hand in this is going to solve these problems," he said when I asked about city ordinances or programs to promote healthy behavior. "We had these folks come from Lufkin promising us money for the city awhile back. But when the terms were on passing three city ordinances a year to do things like ban smoking in businesses and such, we said, forget it." Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Subscribe Get Gray Matters sent to your inbox. Sign up now! Email: Gray Matters Ramadan in Houston: Coming together at the dinner table It's easy to take down a statue. It's harder to understand Sam Philip Johnson and the University of St. Thomas's sexiest 'A bad joke is still just a joke' Art Daybook: The ordinary heroism of refugees "We don't want to tell businesses what they can and can't do when something is legal." SUGAR LAND HISTORY: Sweet and not-so-sweet memories Smoking is major health risk in Polk County. We know smoking is major contributor for developing cancers, especially lung cancer and cardiovascular disease. Data from 2014 show that the while the average Texas county had smoking rates of 17 percent, Polk County was much higher at 29 percent. This has had devastating effects: Out of 254 Texas counties, Polk had the second-highest death rate from lung cancer and the sixth-highest from cardiovascular disease. But Fort Bend, with its affluent suburbanites, ranked as having some of Texas' best health behaviors. Only 10 percent of its residents smoke. And its residents have lower obesity rates and are more physically active than those of most other counties. In fact, many cities in Fort Bend have ordinances banning smoking. Since 2007, when Sugar Land outlawed smoking in parks, restaurants, public spaces and outdoor arenas, smoking has decreased by 16 percent. And death from cardiovascular disease and lung cancer has decreased by 15 percent and 21 percent. It seems there are connections between public policy and health. We know laws can promote better health outcomes. Consider a study from the Mayo Clinic, in 2002, when Olmstead County, Minnesota, made restaurants smoke-free, and in 2007, all its workplaces. The change saved lives: Mayo Clinic researchers found a 33 percent decrease in heart attacks and a 17 percent drop in deaths from cardiac arrest. But Polk County, with its poorer, more rural population, ranks in the bottom six percent of health behaviors. Residents also have higher obesity rates and are less physically active. All those behaviors can contribute to cardiovascular disease, diabetes and some cancers. Between 2010 and 2014, Polk County residents had the highest age-adjusted rates of all cancers in Texas.   FIFTEEN MILES east of Livingston, east on Highway 190 but still in Polk County, is the Alabama Coushatta Tribe Reservation, home to more than 500 people. Native Americans have one of the highest rates of Type 2 diabetes in the country, and about three years ago, the reservation's health clinic used federal money to launch a wellness program. It offers Zumba and yoga classes, organizes community walks and pays nurses to make home visits to counsel tribe members on healthy eating and physical activity. The program has been a success, says clinic director Myra Sylestine. As an example, she tells about a tribe member who seemed to eat nothing but fried food at home. When the visiting nurse asked why, the resident explained that she didn't own an oven. The nurse helped her find one, and now she can bake and broil. RURAL ECONOMIES: Why small-town people support prisons Such simple interventions, though, might be in jeopardy. The White House's budget proposal suggests enormous cuts to the two agencies that fund the wellness program: Center from Disease Control, and to make many other cuts to the Department of Health and Human Services. The program's current funding runs out at the end of 2017. In Mokdad's study, healthcare systems also had a significant effect on life expectancy. Not surprisingly, counties with a high percentage of uninsured residents have lower life expectancies. Also not surprisingly, the quality of a county's health care matters, "for example, how well your healthcare provider does in trying to control your high blood pressure," says Dr. Mokdad. Counties with lower quality-of-care scores had lower life expectancies. All that works in Fort Bend's favor, and works against Polk. In 2014, 20 percent of Fort Bend residents were uninsured; that number is 29 percent in Polk. Fortunately, Texas has seen a significant decrease in the uninsured rate since the ACA was enacted in 2010. And if Texas were one of the states that accepted the Medicaid expansion under the ACA, the effect on the uninsured rates would have been even greater. Fort Bend also has more doctors, dentists and mental health workers per resident than Polk. Fort Bend County residents have lower obesity rates and are more physically active than those of most other counties. In this photo: The Yogathon at Sugar Land Town Square. Fort Bend County residents have lower obesity rates and are more... There are significantly more challenges to stay healthy in places that are rural or poor. As a general rule, Mokdad's analysis shows, the higher a county's unemployment, the lower its life expectancy is likely to be. In Fort Bend, in 2014, unemployment was 6.1 percent, a little below Texas' average. In Polk County, it was more than 8 percent. Fort Bend also has one of the highest median household incomes in Texas: $89,000. In Polk County, it's $39,000. And that's connected to education. Fort Bend has one of Texas' highest percentages of college graduates: 44 percent. Polk County: 12 percent.   SO WHERE do we go from here? How do we improve health in the state's rural counties -- the very places with deep conservative values that dislike government interference? What else can we do? We can encourage the formation of partnerships to promote public education, awareness and access to healthier behaviors. Smoking cessation programs through the state of Texas are available. And towns like Livingston can get support through the CDC through its Partnerships to Improve Community Health program, which is a 3-year initiative that provides funding and other resources to help reduce chronic diseases like diabetes or heart disease. Texas is yet to have a city enrolled in this program. But even if state and federal support is not given to these counties, local leaders have many options. Education and public awareness is one of them. Though most people know generally that healthy eating and physical activity is good for them, showing them specific and practical information will be far more effective. For example, most adults should get at least 150 minutes of moderate aerobic exercise (like a brisk walk) and strive for 2 or more days of strength training each week. And the more you do, the better. Other research shows that if you increase those brisk walks to 200 minutes to 400 minutes per week, you will significantly reduce your risk of colon cancer and breast cancer. Community interventions like these work. Though the U.S. has a growing life expectancy inequality, many of the solutions to this disparity can be simple. Still, healthy living isn't a panacea, and the contrast between Polk and Fort Bend is clear: Counties where residents can be brought out of poverty and given access to meaningful and decent-paying jobs, higher education and quality health care are some of the healthiest places to live. But we need to start somewhere, and giving these counties the tools to promote healthier living should make a significant impact to improve the quality of life — and life expectancy — of their residents.   Dr. Behrouz Zand (@Behrouz_Zand) is Assistant Professor in the Department of Gynecologic Oncology at MD Anderson Cancer Center. Bookmark Gray Matters. Its vice used to be smoking. But that was back when "everyone smoked." Houston Emotions rise as grand jury takes up case in death at Denny's US & World Jury imposes $25M in penalties against Houston debt buyer Astros Astros bullpen gives up 7 in loss to Royals Restaurants & Bars Listen: A weekend at Texas A&M barbecue camp Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: If You Don’t Follow Up, People Will Forget (You) Productivity If You Don’t Follow Up, People Will Forget (You) Dann Albright June 5, 2017 05-06-2017 7 minutes If You Don’t Follow Up, People Will Forget (You) Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Following up is hard. It sounds like a simple, easy thing to do — but there are all sorts of things that make it more difficult. It takes time. You have to remember to do it. You don’t want to come across as pushy. An answer seems unlikely. But following up is key in many situations. From following up on a job interview to reminding someone you asked them for some mentoring 4 Tips To Contact Anyone & Ask Them To Be Your Career Mentor 4 Tips To Contact Anyone & Ask Them To Be Your Career Mentor For those looking to develop in a field, mentors are essential. Alas, you can’t pick up a mentor from the shelves of Walmart. Here are a few tips when looking for career mentoring. Read More , well-done follow-ups can provide a big boost to your success. Why Following Up Is Important In short, because people forget. They’ll read your email and forget to respond to it. Or forget that they promised to call you back. They could forget that they were going to meet up with you for coffee. With serious information overload Managing Digital Information Overload - Is Technology The Cause & The Cure? [Opinion] Managing Digital Information Overload - Is Technology The Cause & The Cure? [Opinion] ‘Drinking from the firehose’ is a turn of phrase you might not be familiar with. But believe me, if you are reading this blog and many others like this, it’s exactly what you are doing... Read More becoming more common, it’s not a surprise. People deal with way too many stimuli in any given day, and even with a great task management system How to Create the Last Perfect Time Management System You'll Ever Use How to Create the Last Perfect Time Management System You'll Ever Use Productivity is a constant search for more organization with less work. A way to accomplish everything you dream to accomplish, without losing out on sleep. Can this automated time management system do it all? Read More , they’re bound to forget things. And some of those things are probably going to be your emails and calls. That’s just life. But that doesn’t mean you have to accept it. Following up on your emails, calls, discussions, connections, and actions set you apart from the hundreds of other people out there vying for attention. Steli Efti, for example, followed up with an investor 48 times before getting a meeting. It works. At the very least, a lot of follow-ups will get you a “No,” which is better than no answer at all because you can move your efforts elsewhere. Advertisement No matter whether you’re trying to get a job, ask for advice, pitch a freelance service, establish a relationship, or just get the answer to a question, following up is crucial. And getting better at it will not only make your life easier but help you boost your rate of successful communications, too. Here are five things you can do to get better at following up. 1. Commit to Following Up This is possibly the most important thing you can do to improve your follow-up skills. You have to understand that if you don’t hear back from someone, you’ll be following up. If the stakes are extremely low and you’re not super concerned about the answer, you could skip it. But the majority of your communications are going to require follow-ups. Knowing that ahead of time is key. You won’t have to debate whether or not to send a follow-up because you’ll already be totally committed to doing it. 2. Set Up a System Systematizing your follow-ups will be a huge help. It’s not just other people that forget things: you do, too. Which means that if you don’t have a system with good reminders, you’ll forget to follow up, and you’ll be back where you started. There are a lot of ways you can go about this. The simplest is with a spreadsheet. Here’s an example of an email follow-up spreadsheet: Each row contains the date I emailed someone, who they are, their email address, and the scheduled follow-ups. If I sent a follow-up email, I highlight the cell green. If the follow-up got a response, it’s marked in purple. This is just an example. You could use a wide variety of organizational methods for your spreadsheet. Or specify the method of contact so you can track your email follow-ups to your calls (or vice versa). You might include the time of day, so you can vary your contact times. There are tons of other ways to set up a system, too. You could create a Wunderlist list that reminds you when you need to follow up. You could use Evernote to track your contacts. If you have an iPhone, there’s a cool trick you can use for call reminders: tell Siri to remind you The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question Siri can do a lot for you, but did you know she could do this much? Here's an exhaustive list of commands Siri will take. Read More to call someone who’s already in your contacts list, and you can call directly from the lock screen. Android’s Call Reminder app provides similar functionality. And there are plenty of email apps and extensions that will help if you need to follow up with email. Airmail, my favorite email app for macOS The Search for the Perfect Mac Desktop Gmail Client The Search for the Perfect Mac Desktop Gmail Client Need a desktop client for Gmail on your Mac? Here are the best we could find. Read More , allows you to set reminders if no one responds to your email. Just pick a date when you’re sending an outgoing message. Boomerang is a popular Gmail extension that can return emails to your inbox and even lets you schedule automatic follow-ups. Rebump and LeadCooker are two other Gmail extensions that give you similar functionality. With all of these options, you’re sure to find (or create) something that works for you. Just make sure that you have something that’s going to work. Trying to remember it all just isn’t going to cut it. 3. Pick the Right Dates and Times This is going to vary a lot based on your industry, goals, the people you’re communicating with, and other factors. But having an idea of when you should follow up can boost your efforts. Following up on an email about a freelancing opportunity or some blogger outreach might be best served by sending an email the next day, just to stay top of mind. Some people recommend following up the next day, then two days after that, then every five days after that until you get a response. You may not want to call that much, but it might depend on why you’re calling. Waiting until a week after a job interview is probably a good idea. But you could call every few days after that if you haven’t heard back. Different companies have found different things when they research the best time to send an email. This is usually for company newsletters, but 10:00 AM seems to be a good time, as does late at night. When you’re following up with email, it’s a good idea to try sending your email at a different time. It’s possible that you just sent the first one at a time when the recipient isn’t likely to open new messages. When you’re calling, there are a few other things to consider. For example, if you’re calling someone at their work number, you’re going to want to call during the workday. And probably not around lunch time. You’ll also want to take their time zone into account. In the end, it’s best to experiment with a few different schedules for your follow-ups. My best advice is to give it some thought before you start firing off emails and calls. Ask yourself if the current day and time is a good idea. If it is, go for it. If it’s not, wait a bit. As long as you’re intentional about it, you’ll be fine. 4. Keep It Quick The importance of concise communication How to Write the Perfect Professional Email (Backed by Data) How to Write the Perfect Professional Email (Backed by Data) Email remains the main form of communication in business. To succeed in that environment, you should learn how to compose effective professional emails. We show you 9 simple tricks that have been proven to work. Read More can’t be overstated. This goes for pretty much any type of communication, but it’s especially important when you’re following up. There’s a good chance that whoever you’re getting in touch with already knows who you are and what you want because you told them that already. Just stick to asking for a response. It could be as simple as “Hey, just wanted to check in with you about [whatever you’re emailing about]. I know you’re really busy, so I thought I’d follow up. Looking forward to hearing from you!” You can also paste the content of your previous email below your message so they’re reminded of what you emailed about in the first place. Calls are very similar: just let them know who you are, that you called earlier, and what it is that you want. “What it is that you want” is also important. If you don’t tell the other person what you’d like for them to do next, there’s a good chance they’ll do nothing. “I was hoping to get your thoughts on this article,” “I’d love to ask you some question via email — let me know if that’s alright,” and “Is it alright if I give you a call next week?” are all great indications of your desires. If you tend to ramble on or get sidetracked in your emails, try using an email writing tool 5 Tools That Can Help You Write Better Emails 5 Tools That Can Help You Write Better Emails Everyone is still trying to solve the email problem. So, let's also talk about the most basic habit of all – the art of writing better emails. With the help of some cool tools. Read More . 5. Stay on It When you’re having trouble getting in touch with someone, it’s easy to fall into the trap of thinking negatively. Keep in mind that — at least most of the time — it has nothing to do with you or your request. It likely has everything to do with the fact that everyone is super busy. In fact, many people will appreciate the fact that you followed up. Few people have the time to stay on top of all their emails and voicemails, but that doesn’t mean they don’t want to talk to you. In most cases, they just forgot. So keep following up. You don’t need to call every day or pester someone on Twitter until they respond. But keep checking in until you get a response, even if it’s a “No.” How Do You Follow Up? Methods for following up on communications are quite personal. The way that I follow up my emails could be very different from how you do it. Maybe you don’t follow up on calls at all, or you only send emails after the first two calls. Your circumstances, industry, and goals all affect your follow-ups. We want to hear your experiences! What do you find is helpful when following up? Do you continue to get in touch until you get an answer? Wait a long time before resending a message? Share your best tips in the comments below! Image Credit: Gustavo Frazao via Shutterstock.com Previous PostMicrosoft’s Immersive Reader Helps You Read More EffectivelyNext PostHow to Update Shared Files on Dropbox Without Breaking Links 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dann Albright 514 articles Dann is MakeUseOf's Social Media editor. After an MA (and most of a PhD) in psycholinguistics, he fully committed to digital and print journalism. With over 10 years of professional writing experience, he's written about everything from cognitive science to mountain biking. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Advertisement Related Articles How to Retrieve Deleted iPhone Contacts iPhone and iPad How to Retrieve Deleted iPhone Contacts 7 Skype for Business Tips and Tricks for Great Meetings Windows Productivity 7 Skype for Business Tips and Tricks for Great Meetings How to Find Someone’s Email Address Internet How to Find Someone’s Email Address Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Cooler temperatures come with chance for mid-week showers Sponsor Weather Edenton family continues weather observation--120 years and counting DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw North Carolina Pitt grad transfer Johnson commits to UNC, unclear on playing status Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Unbundling: When streaming brings diminished returns Davidson's daydreams become Super Regional reality Pitino's Cards primed to pounce in ACC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Latest News Report: Health sciences contribute $3.7B to NC economy (WTW Insider) Latest News Bummer report: NC economy ranks only 15th among 50 states Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislators and their peanut gallery Editorial: End the partisan games, draw legal voting districts now Editorial: Rather than shake the D.C. establishment, Trump brings chaos Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side 'Fiduciary Rule' takes effect this week: See how it could affect your retirement 5 On Your Side Don't be corn-fused: See results of pre-popped popcorn tests 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Pets Dog with cancer fulfills bucket list, including marriage Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Comey to testify about conversations with Trump Weather Man films massive tornado in field Live Video Schedule 10a Comey testifies before Senate intel committee Noon WRAL Noon News 2p House holds special redistricting session Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 60° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 60° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-05 06:06:00 Updated: 2017-06-05 14:01:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm for 3 SB! Tags: Freebies Posted 6:06 a.m. Monday Updated 2:01 p.m. Monday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Ftq Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today from 2 pm to 3 pm for 3 SB points! The code is a Stealth Code that is unique for each person. To get your code go to Swagbucks.com HERE and you will see the code. Enter the code in the Swag Code box at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm for 3 SB! 1 Swagbucks.com website Swagbucks Stealth Code Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Residents evicted from Garner apartment complex fear homelessness @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Residents evicted from Garner apartment complex fear homelessness @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Search for: Southington Observer Search for: Main menu Skip to content Features Good Times Local News Schools Bus Routes Neighbors Obituaries Police Sports Sports Hall of Fame Sub menu E-Edition Contact Us Forms Privacy Policy Town Pages RSS Place an Ad Subscription Police Man arrested for stealing laptop from Wal-Mart by jgoralski • June 5, 2017 • 0 Comments Jeffrey Ampofo Police arrested a West Haven man for stealing a laptop from Wal-Mart on Queen Street. Jeffrey Ampofo, 24, turned himself into the Southington Police Department on Wednesday, May 31, at approximately 3:30 p.m., after being notified about an open warrant.   Police began their investigation after receiving notification that an office administrator for a Southington-based business was notified via email that an online order was ready for pick-up at the Southington Wal-Mart, but no employee at the business reported making any purchase. The office worker checked further and found that Ampofo’s name was listed as a secondary/ alternative name on the sales order. Ampofo is not an employee of the business, so the transaction was reported as fraudulent. Further investigation revealed that Ampofo allegedly picked up the online order at the Southington Wal-Mart on April 28, 2017, and he showed his driver’s license at the time to pick up the order. The item was an HP laptop computer valued at $850.78. Ampofo was charged with fifth degree larceny, credit card theft, illegal use of a credit card, and receiving goods or services obtained by the illegal use of a credit card. He was released on a $5,000 bond with a court date of June 13, 2017 in Bristol.   Related Tags: Arrest Jeffrey Ampofo Southington Southington Police Department theft Wal-Mart Post navigation ← Dibattista named as ‘Officer of the Year’ Man arrested during getaway → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Recent Posts Sports listings for the June 9 edition Kids’ listings for the June 9 edition Meeting listings for the June 9 edition Art listings for the June 9 edition Dining listings for the June 9 edition Search Classifieds Search For: Select CategoryTRANSPORTATION (5)TAG/ESTATE SALES (9)SERVICE DIRECTORY (8)RECREATIONAL VEHICLES (3)REAL ESTATE - SALES (2)REAL ESTATE - RENT (18)NOTICES (2)MERCHANDISE (22)EMPLOYMENT (22) Special Sections See All Ads See All Ads Stepsaver Sites Stepsaver Bristol Observer Southington Observer Plainville Observer Other Observer News Foxwoods announces plan for zipline, new restaurant Foxwoods announces plan for zipline, new restaurant Obituaries: Erna W. Litke Obituaries: Erna W. Litke Obituaries: Rita M. Grey Obituaries: Rita M. Grey Obituaries: Rita Belanger Obituaries: Roger J. Belanger Foxwoods announces plan for zipline, new restaurant Obituaries: Erna W. Litke Concert June 24 honors Val Johnson's memory Dining listings, starting June 9 Kids listings, starting June 9 Meeting listings, starting June 9 Miscellaneous listings, starting June 9 Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 Southington Observer. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
GoSearch Replay: News This Morning News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 63° 63° Low 57° High 68° Fri 66° 81° Sat 70° 87° Sun 72° 90° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Live at 10 a.m.: Former FBI Director James Comey testifies before Senate intelligence committee Virginia Beach Walmart Supercenter opens, creating 300 jobs Posted 12:49 pm, June 5, 2017, by Web Staff, Updated at 12:24PM, June 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. – A new Walmart Supercenter opened Wednesday at 546 First Colonial Road! The new store will employ up to 300 full and part-time associates. “We know the Virginia Beach community has been looking forward to this new store opening,” said Store Manager Jacqueline Russell. “We can’t wait to open our doors so customers can enjoy the products, services and shopping experience we have to offer.” Along with a full line of groceries, fresh produce and an in-store bakery, the new 15,000-square foot store will be stocked with electronics, furniture, automotive products, sporting goods, home improvement items, clothes and toys. Applicants interested in careers at Walmart can apply at a store’s hiring kiosk or online at Walmartcareers.com. 36.847409 -76.021189 Filed in: News Topics: virginia beach, walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Toddler declared brain dead after caregiver improperly fastened him in car seat, family says Amazon announces $5.99 Prime membership for people getting government assistance Virginia mayor pulls crab with unusual eyes from Chesapeake Bay Angry man denied assistance releases around 100 bed bugs in city office Latest News ISIS kills more than 200 civilians, UN says, citing ‘credible reports’ Civil War submarine reveals more clues, human remains Drinking non-cow milk linked to shorter kids, study suggests If you bought Honest Company detergent, you could score a refund Good News News Looking for a job? Virginia Beach Walmart to hire 300 at new store Good News News Kroger looking to hire for 43 positions in Hampton Roads Good News Military News Hampton Roads Domino’s stores will offer cheap pizzas for Military Spouse Appreciation Day News Police respond after car drives into Virginia Beach building News First Warning Traffic – Ft. Eustis exit ramp closures, Centerville Turnpike Bridge closed and road work for Wednesday News First Warning Traffic – Monday closures on 264, Centerville Turnpike Bridge and overnight road work News Missing Virginia Beach man located safely Food & Entertainment News Specialty seasonal garden shop opens in Colonial Williamsburg News First Warning Traffic – Thursday traffic alerts News Man steals car left running in Virginia Beach 7-Eleven parking lot News Virginia Beach Mayor Will Sessoms announces deal to build arena in city Good News News Local military family receives new chairlift for physically-challenged daughter News First Warning Traffic – Wednesday traffic alerts, Sandbridge Rd closed Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for ajc.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on AJC.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Our Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC.com Get Atlanta's News Now AJC access ATL Find Fun Things to Do myAJC Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper Read Today's Paper AJC Jobs Contact Us 69 10 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 69 10 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home NEWS close subnav open subnav All News Local News Obituaries News Video Education Business Politics Technology Nation & World Crime & Safety Offbeat Atlanta Weather Atlanta Pollen Count NEWS BLOGS AJC Investigations Political Insider Get Schooled IN THE NEWS Atlanta Watering Restrictions Traffic: Construction Alert Ga. Public School Ratings Atlanta Gas Prices SPORTS close subnav open subnav All Sports Braves Falcons Hawks Atlanta United High Schools Georgia Tech Georgia Colleges UGA / DawgNation SEC Country Sports Video AJC Peachtree Road Race SPORTS BLOGS Braves Falcons Hawks IN THE NEWS Sports Scores Golf NASCAR NEIGHBORHOOD close subnav open subnav All Neighborhood Newcomer's Guide Buckhead Decatur Dekalb Buford Peachtree City Gwinnett County Intown Atlanta Marietta Roswell Sandy Springs Smyrna COUNTY NEWS Clayton County Cobb County DeKalb County Gwinnett County North Fulton IN THE NEWS Living Northside Living Intown LIFE close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrities Home & Garden Weddings & Celebrations Health Travel Parenting Movies & TV Home Design Ideas Arts & Culture Food & Drink Music FIND IT My Atlanta Atlanta Events Atlanta Restaurants Atlanta Shopping IN THE NEWS Summer in Atlanta Games AJC Peachtree Road Race THINGS TO DO close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Summer in Atlanta Events in Atlanta My Atlanta Arts & Culture Movie Showtimes Radio & TV Food & Drink Music Shopping Games Blogs Atlanta Restaurants Music Scene Arts & Culture In the News Upcoming Movies Living Intown: BeltLine Horoscopes MORE close subnav open subnav Newsletters Customer Care Contact the AJC Shopping Games Obituaries Homefinder AJC Jobs AJC Cars Kudzu Celebrating Nurses AJC Cup AJC ePaper Today's Buzz Buzz Blog Radio & TV Talk News to Me Inside AJC Movie Theaters Atlanta's Top Workplaces Find a Garage Sale 69 Atlanta, GA  30303 10 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Homefinder Atlanta Jobs Find A Car Classifieds Obituaries Family-placed Notices Contact Us/Subscribe Customer Care Advertise With Us Digital Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Gwinnett Wal-Mart debuts giant ‘vending machine’ for pickup orders 0 Gwinnett Wal-Mart debuts giant ‘vending machine’ for pickup orders 0 Amanda C. Coyne The Atlanta Journal-Constitution 10:53 a.m. Monday, June 5, 2017 Gwinnett County 0 Gwinnett Co. View CaptionHide Caption Time Time Inc. Walmart’s rolling out a more interesting way to pick up your groceries at one Gwinnett County store. The Walmart at 2154 Duluth Hwy. in Duluth will be the only metro Atlanta location with the new “Pickup Tower.” The tower has been described as a “high-tech vending machine” that will give you the items you’ve selected for pickup. The tower is one of 100 being added across the country. The company initially tested five towers across the country. The customer response was “so overwhelming” that Walmart has decided to roll out 100 new ones. All you have to do to try out the new Pickup Tower is place a pickup order online and retrieve it from the Duluth Highway store. Like Gwinnett County News on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter and Instagram ﻿In other news: Watch: Walmart Shoplifting Suspect Falls Flat On Pavement While Fleeing Store Related Original Snellville K-9 dies after 13 years with officer Gwinnett mom let 8-month-old ingest cocaine, police say Cops: Drug that killed 2 Gwinnett teens in 1 hour may have been meth Braselton Downtown Development Authority seeks members Gwinnett County restaurant inspection scores View Comments 0 Sign up for e-newsletters Want more news? Sign up for free e-newsletters to get more of AJC delivered to your inbox. Most Read The Worth County sheriff ordered pat-down searches for every student a Grand jury indicts Augusta contractor in NSA leak case When airline wanted musician to check her 17th-century violin, a 'wres Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 69 30303 10 Most Read The Worth County sheriff ordered pat-down searches for every student a Grand jury indicts Augusta contractor in NSA leak case When airline wanted musician to check her 17th-century violin, a 'wres Things To Do Add Event + See More More from ajc.com Topics News Sports Neighborhoods Life Things to do Blogs More Crime Man accused of shooting 2 cops arrested  News South Carolina woman ticketed after 6 dogs die in hot car News Powerball jackpot rises to $435 million Education Civics and the Civil War: appointee criticized for views on KKK, South Sports Georgia Tech names alumna Aileen Morales head softball coach News Parents of toddler who contracted rare disease linked to raccoons want to alert other parents Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports life neighborhoods shop things to do Shortcuts ajc obituaries family-placed notices classifieds homefinder atlanta jobs find your car manage your profile contact us customer care advertise with us digital products Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak myajc Fun game center Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic sitemap Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest PRODUCTS From The Atlanta Journal-Constitution AJC.com - Get Atlanta's News Now AJC Access Atlanta - Find Fun Things to Do myAJC - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper - Read Today's Paper Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Local Government MO Legislature Business/Economy Education Health Podcasts Programs Schedule Local News & Arts Shows Local Music Shows Hosts Support Donate Now Become a Sustainer Become a Volunteer Corporate Support More Ways to Give Community Calendar Submit an Event Tune In KSMU Channel Frequencies Search Menu Home News Local Government MO Legislature Business/Economy Education Health Podcasts Programs Schedule Local News & Arts Shows Local Music Shows Hosts Support Donate Now Become a Sustainer Become a Volunteer Corporate Support More Ways to Give Community Calendar Submit an Event Tune In KSMU Channel Frequencies Search Update: Residents of Springfield Homeless Camp Slated to be Bulldozed Receive Help By Michele Skalicky • Jun 5, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email View Slideshow 1 of 2 Multi-Agency Resource Center on E. Kearney Michele Skalicky View Slideshow 2 of 2 Jim O'Neal, Board Member of the Ozarks Alliance to End Homelessness, Discusses Plan to Address Homeless Camp on E. Kearney Michele Skalicky Update June 7:  Homeless individuals in Springfield continue seeking services at the Multi-Agency Resource Center set up this week at Kearney and Glenstone.  The MARC is being operated there in ahead of the removal of a homeless camp in the 2000 block of E. Kearney. Tuesday—the second day the MARC was open--54 more people were served by 4 p.m. with 26 of those from the Kearney St. camp.  That brings the total number of people served to 110. Michelle Garand, deputy director of affordable housing and homelessness prevention at Community Partnership of the Ozarks is optimistic the services they’re providing are a pathway “to a real home.” She appealed to landlords to take a chance of families with a less-than-stellar rental history. According to Springfield city officials, at least one family with three children was located to a shelter Tuesday. Homeless advocates and the Springfield Police Department are visiting other camps to connect with those who may have left the Kearney camp and offering to shuttle them to the MARC for services in an attempt to prevent other camps from forming or growing. The MARC is open 7-11 a.m. and 2-6 p.m. through Friday at the Walmart at Kearney and Glenstone. MARC Day 2 by the numbers: 54 new intakes, 26 from the Kearney camp 18 housing/shelter assessments by One Door and The Kitchen 9 served by MSU Care 14 served by family services, which includes Medicaid, food stamps, TANF and child care services 2 served by Homeless/Mental Health Court 7 Public Housing Authority applications 15 served by Missouri Job Center-Ozarks Region 7 served by Jordan Valley Community Health Center 3 served by Burrell Behavioral Health 2 served by VA 11 animals assisted with vaccinations, flea medicine, wormer and food by PAWS Pet Pantry. 46 breakfasts served by National Avenue Christian Church. Update June 6:  When the Multi-Agency Resource Center closed for the day at 6 p.m. Monday, 56  homeless individuals were one step closer to permanent housing. As of 10 a.m., 28 individuals had received services at the Multi-Agency Resource Center (MARC), with 21 of those coming from the camp on Kearney St. near Glenstone. As of 4 p.m., the number had grown to 56, with 30 coming from the Kearney Street camp, according to the City of Springfield.    The Ozarks Alliance to End Homelessness considers day one of a multi-agency response to Springfield’s largest homeless camp a success, according to board member Jim O’Neal. The combination of developing a MARC, followed by enforcement and cleanup efforts, is a new approach to ending homeless encampments in Springfield, he said. The MARC model has been successful in cities nationwide, according to Robert Pulster, regional coordinator for the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness. Springfield Police Department will follow up this week’s efforts to help residents of the camp with an enforcement of no trespassing violations on the land.  The city’s Building Development Services will clean up the property to help prevent repopulation. The Springfield Police Department is maintaining a presence in the camp and at the MARC this week to ensure the safety of those both providing and receiving services, according to the city. As the week progresses, outreach activities to other homeless camps and to panhandlers, continue. Agencies providing assistance at the MARC include Jordan Valley Community Health Center, Mercy MSU Care Clinic, Springfield-Greene County Health Department, Burrell Behavioral Health Addiction Treatment Services, Convoy of Hope, Medicaid/food stamps, Springfield Homeless and Mental Health Courts, Missouri Job Center-Ozark Region, NAMI of Southwest Missouri, One Door, The Kitchen, crisis sheltering organizations, pet care and veterinary services and the Veterans Administration. Food service and other basic needs are also being provided at the MARC thanks to Gathering Friends, Victory Mission, Convoy and National Avenue Christian Church. Jennifer Cannon, founder of the Gathering Friends homeless outreach and advocacy group, said. “we’re seeing about half (of the homeless individuals) who are service-resistant and half who are truly ready to take the hand up,” Cannon said. Shuttles and bus passes are being provided to area overnight shelters and to facilities of additional service providers in the attempt to stabilize the homeless individuals and guide them on a path toward self-sustainment. About the Ozarks Alliance to End Homelessness The OAEH is the community’s designated continuum of care, funded in large part by the United States Department of Housing & Urban Development (HUD). The alliance works to promote community-wide planning and strategic use of resources to address homelessness; improve coordination and integration with mainstream resources and other programs targeted to people experiencing homelessness. MARC Day 1 by the numbers: 56 total intakes, 30 from the Kearney camp 29 housing/shelter assessments by One Door and The Kitchen 25 served by MSU Care 15 served by family services, which includes Medicaid, food stamps, TANF and child care services 14 served by Homeless/Mental Health Court 12 served by NAMI Southwest Missouri 10 Public Housing Authority applications 10 served by Missouri Job Center-Ozarks Region 9 served by Jordan Valley Community Health Care 5 served by Burrell Behavioral Health 4 served by VA 8 dogs, 2 cats,1 bird assisted with vaccinations, flea medicine, wormer and food by PAWS Pet Pantry. One dog was rehomed at the owner’s request. Update June 5:  As of 11:15 a.m., 28 people had been served at the Multi-Agency Resource Center, 21 of which live at the nearby homeless camp.  Nine people had warrants cleared and court dates rescheduled.  Seven people had been screened for public housing at the MARC, two for Franciscan Villa, and 11 applied for food stamps.  According to Michelle Garand, homeless advocate with Community Partnership of the Ozarks, they've been able to provide some direct healthcare through MSU Care and Jordan Valley Community Health Center, and those people are now enrolled as patients, giving them a healthcare home.   Garand said, "this has been a larger success than I really anticipated." Randy McCoy, director of housing programs at The Kitchen, Inc., said they're unsure how many people have been calling the homeless camp near Kearney and Glenstone home. Estimates range from a handful to around 100.   Original Story:  A one-stop shop for services, the Multi-Agency Resource Center, has been set up in the Walmart parking lot at Glenstone and Kearney for those currently living in a nearby homeless camp. It’s being run by the Ozarks Alliance to End Homelessness, the City of Springfield and Community Partnership of the Ozarks along with 30 partner agencies.  The MARC will be open today through Friday (6/5-6/9) from 7 to 9 a.m. and 2 to 6 p.m. A variety of services will be offered, including help with housing applications, food assistance, help finding jobs, bus passes, shuttle service to area service providers and health screenings.  The Community Emergency Response Team's Animal Response is also there to help homeless individuals who have pets.  Jim O’Neal, a board member for the alliance, said, "we want to be sure that people who have animals as pets know that they're going to be treated humanely and that they can rejoin them at some time.  So we're trying to address that very personal issue of 'how are we going to deal with your pet?' because then many times that's their family." O'Neal calls the homeless camping area on E. Kearney the largest such camp in Springfield and said they’re taking a “tough love” approach to move residents out this week. According to O’Neal, the alliance began working with the city in a multi-agency team of service providers in April to develop an action plan for the homeless problem in the area. He said the large volume of calls for service there prompted the discussion and the plan. "Make no mistake.  While we think any response must address the barriers individuals face that keep them in homelessness, we are very aware of the serious problems these camps have caused for nearby businesses and residential neighborhoods," said O'Neal. He describes this approach as “stepping outside our comfort zone.” According to O’Neal, no trespassing signs “with legal, proper notice” have been posted on the homeless camp site.  At the beginning of next week, once the camp has been evacuated, he said they’ll go in, bulldoze the site and remove foliage “so you can see through the property.”  If people are still there afterwards and refuse to leave, according to O’Neal, they could be arrested.  He said they’ll continue "to take decisive action across the community" after the camp is closed. Tags:  Homeless Camp MARC City of Springfield Ozarks Alliance to End Homelessness Community Partnership TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 KSMU Radio Contact Support Schedule About Us Employment
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Trade of the Day: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) WMT looks to be on its way back to 2015 levels By John Jagerson and Wade Hansen, Editors, SlingShot Trader  |  Jun 5, 2017, 8:52 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: Trade of the Day: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Recent Posts: Trade of the Day: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Trade of the Day: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Trade of the Day: Home Depot Inc (NYSE:HD) View All Posts To receive further updates on this Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) trade as well as an alert when it’s time to take profits, sign up for a risk-free trial of SlingShot Trader today.  Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) was able to reinvigorate its bullish uptrend on May 18 when it reported better-than-expected earnings and stronger-than-expected comparable store sales in the United States. Now, WMT is breaking out of a “bullish wedge” continuation pattern and is poised to climb even higher. WMT has been undervalued for some time — following the stock’s dramatic decline during 2015 — and we expect more investors to move back into the stock as it continues to retool in its battle against Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and as it continues to take advantage of the increased consumer spending that has been driven by improvements in the U.S. economy. We are looking for WMT to challenge resistance at $80 (which was originally established in 2014 and once again in May 2015). ‘Buy to open’ the WMT July 80 Calls (WMT170721C00080000) for a maximum price of $1.20. Follow our Facebook page to receive each Trade of the Day direct to your News Feed. You can learn more about identifying price patterns and using them to project how far you think a stock is going to move in our Advanced Technical Analysis Program. InvestorPlace advisers John Jagerson and S. Wade Hansen, both Chartered Market Technician (CMT) designees, are co-founders of LearningMarkets.com, as well as the co-editors of SlingShot Trader, a trading service designed to help you make options profits by trading the news. Get in on the next SlingShot Trader trade and get 1 free month today by clicking here. Most recently, John and Wade are co-options strategists of Turbo Trader Live — a live, interactive trading room service that runs two hours every trading day the market is open. Turbo Trader Live focuses on long call and put options, as well as long and short vertical spread strategies. Get in on the live trading action and start making real profits by clicking here. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/trade-of-the-day-wal-mart-stores-inc-nyse-wmt-2/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business CBD June 6 2017 Save Print License article Pnina Feldman's cannabis stock Queensland Bauxite clears the air on Andrew 'Dr Pot' Katelaris confusion Colin Kruger, CBD Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A bit of notoriety is good for a medicinal cannabis start-up, but obviously not too much. Pnina "Diamond Rose" Feldman's well known pot stock, Queensland Bauxite Ltd, had to clear the air on Monday as to the status of an employee at its 55 per cent owned Medical Cannabis Ltd (MCL) – company founder and secretary of the Hemp Party, Andrew Kavasilas.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 07:04 Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with ... Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 Video duration 00:46 What is the LET? What is the LET? The latest idea to curb greenhouse gases is a low emissions target, but what does that actually mean? Up Next Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:45 Video duration 00:45 Australia's first capsule hotel opens in ... Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Originating in Japan in the late 1970s, the capsule hotel has finally arrived in Australia. Up Next Hanson's call for internment Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:22 Video duration 02:22 Hanson's call for internment Hanson's call for internment Calls from One Nation leader Pauline Hanson to "intern" those on the terror watch list invoke a dark history of detainment that stretches back to World War Two. Up Next New vision of Bolt attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:26 Video duration 00:26 New vision of Bolt attack New vision of Bolt attack New vision has emerged up on Twitter of conservative commentator Andrew Bolt being attacked in Melbourne, shot by the attackers. Up Next London attacks: Australian families in mourning Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:28 Video duration 03:28 London attacks: Australian families in ... London attacks: Australian families in mourning The families of Kirsty Boden and Sara Zelenak are in mourning following confirmation of their deaths in the London Bridge terror attack. Up Next How we can stop copycat killers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:53 Video duration 00:53 How we can stop copycat killers How we can stop copycat killers Crime writer John Silvester says there's a fairly simple way we can discourage the kind of ISIS-inspired murder we saw in Brighton on Monday. Up Next Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump The infamous Watergate scandal that undid President Richard Nixon "pales" in comparison to President Donald Trump's links to Russia, says former US intelligence chief James Clapper. More videos Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed "It has come to our attention that there has been some confusion between Andrew Kavasilas of (MCL) and Andrew Katelaris," said the ASX release.   Katelaris is the controversial deregistered doctor, known as Dr Pot, who was arrested recently and will face court in a few weeks after being charged with some cannabis-related offences.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Pnina Feldman has sought to clear up confusion about the two Andrews. Photo: Ben Rushton "This is not the first time that there has been confusion between Andrew Katelaris and Andrew Kavasilas ... Australia's much-respected authority on medical cannabis," said the statement from Feldman.  Not that either Andrew would want to cast any stones when it comes to behaviour that might not meet the strict letter of the law.  Advertisement MCL's Kavasilas was recently quoted in Dope Magazine in his role as one of the organisers of Nimbin's annual MardiGrass festival.  When asked what he's most looking forward to this year, he mentioned "the joint rolling competition", where previous champion, Bob the Builder, would take on last year's winner, Luke Summ.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Dr Andrew Katelaris is one of Australia's biggest medicinal cannabis suppliers.  Photo: Rohan Thomson And do the competitors take the event seriously? "Oh yeah, Luke trains all year. Full hemp diet. He's a true athlete. You can pick any drug test you like, he'd fail them all," Kavasilas told the paper.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Illustration: John Shakespeare  Amazonian  As our local retailers wait for the great Amazon tsunami to hit our shores, some might be wondering what former Woolworths exec, Greg Foran, has done about the behemoth. After all, he has been fighting Amazon in its own backyard for the past three years as the CEO of Walmart's US supermarket business.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Walmart US CEO Greg Foran used to be a top Woolworths executive. Photo: Jim Rice "Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce," Foran told employees and investors at the week-long party that preceded last Friday's shareholder meeting. "But we have an advantage that no one else has: all of you, our associates." He meant this quite literally, given Walmart is now trialling a service where employees are given incentives to deliver packages on their way home from work.  Keep in mind that Walmart claims to employ 1.5 million "associates" in the US alone.   And the incentives might work given the report a few years back stating Walmart's lowly paid workers cost US taxpayers $US6.2 billion in assistance including food stamps. One of Foran's early initiatives was to spend billions giving his employees a pay rise and billions more on the retailer's e-commerce efforts.  This includes a five-metre high tower, nicknamed Rapunzel, which acts as a vending machine for online purchases.  But for the most part, Foran has relied on very familiar sounding strategies like fresh food – wonder where he got that one from? – and cutting prices to narrow the gap with Aldi.  Online sales have grown strongly and earnings are actually heading in the right direction. So, what has that done for investors?  Walmart shares are now worth slightly more than when Foran joined in 2014, while Amazon shares have nearly tripled in value over the past two years to the point it is now worth double Walmart's market cap.  That's Gould  Before pharmaceutical group Cyclopharm announced its $7 million capital raising on Monday, one of its directors was pulled up by the ASX cops for some untidy paperwork.  It's the sort of thing that can happen to any director of a listed entity. You've got shares in all sorts of corporate vehicles, and it can get really hard to keep track of. Especially when you have to account for an interest in Cyclopharm stock, which you don't actually own, due to the fact that you act as an advisor to the entities, which hold the stock.  And then they sell their shares, and it's not like you will get informed in a timely manner.  Which is why the ASX cops pinged the rather unfortunate Vanda Russell Gould last week for his tardy change of director's interest notice.  The former high-flying Sydney accountant has a lot on his plate after he was found by the High Court last November to have avoided paying tax in a case the Tax Office described as "blatant tax evasion".   Follow CBD on Twitter. Got a tip? ckruger@fairfaxmedia.com.au 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell ASX snaps losing streak as CSL soars Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Brisbane Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Queensland National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News WA News Sport NRL AFL Union Soccer Cricket Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz World Politics Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Comment That Thinking Feeling The Hermit Sisters in Law Entertainment Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Stage Books Your Brisbane Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business CBD June 6 2017 Save Print License article Pnina Feldman's cannabis stock Queensland Bauxite clears the air on Andrew 'Dr Pot' Katelaris confusion Colin Kruger, CBD Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A bit of notoriety is good for a medicinal cannabis start-up, but obviously not too much. Pnina "Diamond Rose" Feldman's well known pot stock, Queensland Bauxite Ltd, had to clear the air on Monday as to the status of an employee at its 55 per cent owned Medical Cannabis Ltd (MCL) – company founder and secretary of the Hemp Party, Andrew Kavasilas.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 07:04 Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with ... Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 Video duration 00:46 What is the LET? What is the LET? The latest idea to curb greenhouse gases is a low emissions target, but what does that actually mean? Up Next Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:45 Video duration 00:45 Australia's first capsule hotel opens in ... Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Originating in Japan in the late 1970s, the capsule hotel has finally arrived in Australia. Up Next Hanson's call for internment Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:22 Video duration 02:22 Hanson's call for internment Hanson's call for internment Calls from One Nation leader Pauline Hanson to "intern" those on the terror watch list invoke a dark history of detainment that stretches back to World War Two. Up Next New vision of Bolt attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:26 Video duration 00:26 New vision of Bolt attack New vision of Bolt attack New vision has emerged up on Twitter of conservative commentator Andrew Bolt being attacked in Melbourne, shot by the attackers. Up Next London attacks: Australian families in mourning Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:28 Video duration 03:28 London attacks: Australian families in ... London attacks: Australian families in mourning The families of Kirsty Boden and Sara Zelenak are in mourning following confirmation of their deaths in the London Bridge terror attack. Up Next How we can stop copycat killers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:53 Video duration 00:53 How we can stop copycat killers How we can stop copycat killers Crime writer John Silvester says there's a fairly simple way we can discourage the kind of ISIS-inspired murder we saw in Brighton on Monday. Up Next Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump The infamous Watergate scandal that undid President Richard Nixon "pales" in comparison to President Donald Trump's links to Russia, says former US intelligence chief James Clapper. More videos Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed "It has come to our attention that there has been some confusion between Andrew Kavasilas of (MCL) and Andrew Katelaris," said the ASX release.   Katelaris is the controversial deregistered doctor, known as Dr Pot, who was arrested recently and will face court in a few weeks after being charged with some cannabis-related offences.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Pnina Feldman has sought to clear up confusion about the two Andrews. Photo: Ben Rushton "This is not the first time that there has been confusion between Andrew Katelaris and Andrew Kavasilas ... Australia's much-respected authority on medical cannabis," said the statement from Feldman.  Not that either Andrew would want to cast any stones when it comes to behaviour that might not meet the strict letter of the law.  Advertisement MCL's Kavasilas was recently quoted in Dope Magazine in his role as one of the organisers of Nimbin's annual MardiGrass festival.  When asked what he's most looking forward to this year, he mentioned "the joint rolling competition", where previous champion, Bob the Builder, would take on last year's winner, Luke Summ.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Dr Andrew Katelaris is one of Australia's biggest medicinal cannabis suppliers.  Photo: Rohan Thomson And do the competitors take the event seriously? "Oh yeah, Luke trains all year. Full hemp diet. He's a true athlete. You can pick any drug test you like, he'd fail them all," Kavasilas told the paper.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Illustration: John Shakespeare  Amazonian  As our local retailers wait for the great Amazon tsunami to hit our shores, some might be wondering what former Woolworths exec, Greg Foran, has done about the behemoth. After all, he has been fighting Amazon in its own backyard for the past three years as the CEO of Walmart's US supermarket business.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Walmart US CEO Greg Foran used to be a top Woolworths executive. Photo: Jim Rice "Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce," Foran told employees and investors at the week-long party that preceded last Friday's shareholder meeting. "But we have an advantage that no one else has: all of you, our associates." He meant this quite literally, given Walmart is now trialling a service where employees are given incentives to deliver packages on their way home from work.  Keep in mind that Walmart claims to employ 1.5 million "associates" in the US alone.   And the incentives might work given the report a few years back stating Walmart's lowly paid workers cost US taxpayers $US6.2 billion in assistance including food stamps. One of Foran's early initiatives was to spend billions giving his employees a pay rise and billions more on the retailer's e-commerce efforts.  This includes a five-metre high tower, nicknamed Rapunzel, which acts as a vending machine for online purchases.  But for the most part, Foran has relied on very familiar sounding strategies like fresh food – wonder where he got that one from? – and cutting prices to narrow the gap with Aldi.  Online sales have grown strongly and earnings are actually heading in the right direction. So, what has that done for investors?  Walmart shares are now worth slightly more than when Foran joined in 2014, while Amazon shares have nearly tripled in value over the past two years to the point it is now worth double Walmart's market cap.  That's Gould  Before pharmaceutical group Cyclopharm announced its $7 million capital raising on Monday, one of its directors was pulled up by the ASX cops for some untidy paperwork.  It's the sort of thing that can happen to any director of a listed entity. You've got shares in all sorts of corporate vehicles, and it can get really hard to keep track of. Especially when you have to account for an interest in Cyclopharm stock, which you don't actually own, due to the fact that you act as an advisor to the entities, which hold the stock.  And then they sell their shares, and it's not like you will get informed in a timely manner.  Which is why the ASX cops pinged the rather unfortunate Vanda Russell Gould last week for his tardy change of director's interest notice.  The former high-flying Sydney accountant has a lot on his plate after he was found by the High Court last November to have avoided paying tax in a case the Tax Office described as "blatant tax evasion".   Follow CBD on Twitter. Got a tip? ckruger@fairfaxmedia.com.au 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Will the next generation lose your wealth? Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Brisbane Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas Will the next generation lose your wealth? St George makes $9.3 million claim against Glenn Rosewall Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Brisbane Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Brisbane Times Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Blunt Instrument Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business CBD June 6 2017 Save Print License article Pnina Feldman's cannabis stock Queensland Bauxite clears the air on Andrew 'Dr Pot' Katelaris confusion Colin Kruger, CBD Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A bit of notoriety is good for a medicinal cannabis start-up, but obviously not too much. Pnina "Diamond Rose" Feldman's well known pot stock, Queensland Bauxite Ltd, had to clear the air on Monday as to the status of an employee at its 55 per cent owned Medical Cannabis Ltd (MCL) – company founder and secretary of the Hemp Party, Andrew Kavasilas.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 07:04 Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with ... Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed Up Next What is the LET? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 Video duration 00:46 What is the LET? What is the LET? The latest idea to curb greenhouse gases is a low emissions target, but what does that actually mean? Up Next Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:45 Video duration 00:45 Australia's first capsule hotel opens in ... Australia's first capsule hotel opens in Sydney Originating in Japan in the late 1970s, the capsule hotel has finally arrived in Australia. Up Next Hanson's call for internment Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:22 Video duration 02:22 Hanson's call for internment Hanson's call for internment Calls from One Nation leader Pauline Hanson to "intern" those on the terror watch list invoke a dark history of detainment that stretches back to World War Two. Up Next New vision of Bolt attack Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:26 Video duration 00:26 New vision of Bolt attack New vision of Bolt attack New vision has emerged up on Twitter of conservative commentator Andrew Bolt being attacked in Melbourne, shot by the attackers. Up Next London attacks: Australian families in mourning Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:28 Video duration 03:28 London attacks: Australian families in ... London attacks: Australian families in mourning The families of Kirsty Boden and Sara Zelenak are in mourning following confirmation of their deaths in the London Bridge terror attack. Up Next How we can stop copycat killers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:53 Video duration 00:53 How we can stop copycat killers How we can stop copycat killers Crime writer John Silvester says there's a fairly simple way we can discourage the kind of ISIS-inspired murder we saw in Brighton on Monday. Up Next Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump Watergate 'pales' compared with Trump The infamous Watergate scandal that undid President Richard Nixon "pales" in comparison to President Donald Trump's links to Russia, says former US intelligence chief James Clapper. More videos Stoner Dogs: Medicating your pets with marijuana We've heard of medical marijuana being used on people, but now we meet the people using it to treat chronic pain in their beloved pets. Vision: SBS The Feed "It has come to our attention that there has been some confusion between Andrew Kavasilas of (MCL) and Andrew Katelaris," said the ASX release.   Katelaris is the controversial deregistered doctor, known as Dr Pot, who was arrested recently and will face court in a few weeks after being charged with some cannabis-related offences.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Pnina Feldman has sought to clear up confusion about the two Andrews. Photo: Ben Rushton "This is not the first time that there has been confusion between Andrew Katelaris and Andrew Kavasilas ... Australia's much-respected authority on medical cannabis," said the statement from Feldman.  Not that either Andrew would want to cast any stones when it comes to behaviour that might not meet the strict letter of the law.  Advertisement MCL's Kavasilas was recently quoted in Dope Magazine in his role as one of the organisers of Nimbin's annual MardiGrass festival.  When asked what he's most looking forward to this year, he mentioned "the joint rolling competition", where previous champion, Bob the Builder, would take on last year's winner, Luke Summ.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Dr Andrew Katelaris is one of Australia's biggest medicinal cannabis suppliers.  Photo: Rohan Thomson And do the competitors take the event seriously? "Oh yeah, Luke trains all year. Full hemp diet. He's a true athlete. You can pick any drug test you like, he'd fail them all," Kavasilas told the paper.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Illustration: John Shakespeare  Amazonian  As our local retailers wait for the great Amazon tsunami to hit our shores, some might be wondering what former Woolworths exec, Greg Foran, has done about the behemoth. After all, he has been fighting Amazon in its own backyard for the past three years as the CEO of Walmart's US supermarket business.  SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link Walmart US CEO Greg Foran used to be a top Woolworths executive. Photo: Jim Rice "Technology is driving enormous change in retail and the competition is very fierce," Foran told employees and investors at the week-long party that preceded last Friday's shareholder meeting. "But we have an advantage that no one else has: all of you, our associates." He meant this quite literally, given Walmart is now trialling a service where employees are given incentives to deliver packages on their way home from work.  Keep in mind that Walmart claims to employ 1.5 million "associates" in the US alone.   And the incentives might work given the report a few years back stating Walmart's lowly paid workers cost US taxpayers $US6.2 billion in assistance including food stamps. One of Foran's early initiatives was to spend billions giving his employees a pay rise and billions more on the retailer's e-commerce efforts.  This includes a five-metre high tower, nicknamed Rapunzel, which acts as a vending machine for online purchases.  But for the most part, Foran has relied on very familiar sounding strategies like fresh food – wonder where he got that one from? – and cutting prices to narrow the gap with Aldi.  Online sales have grown strongly and earnings are actually heading in the right direction. So, what has that done for investors?  Walmart shares are now worth slightly more than when Foran joined in 2014, while Amazon shares have nearly tripled in value over the past two years to the point it is now worth double Walmart's market cap.  That's Gould  Before pharmaceutical group Cyclopharm announced its $7 million capital raising on Monday, one of its directors was pulled up by the ASX cops for some untidy paperwork.  It's the sort of thing that can happen to any director of a listed entity. You've got shares in all sorts of corporate vehicles, and it can get really hard to keep track of. Especially when you have to account for an interest in Cyclopharm stock, which you don't actually own, due to the fact that you act as an advisor to the entities, which hold the stock.  And then they sell their shares, and it's not like you will get informed in a timely manner.  Which is why the ASX cops pinged the rather unfortunate Vanda Russell Gould last week for his tardy change of director's interest notice.  The former high-flying Sydney accountant has a lot on his plate after he was found by the High Court last November to have avoided paying tax in a case the Tax Office described as "blatant tax evasion".   Follow CBD on Twitter. Got a tip? ckruger@fairfaxmedia.com.au 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell St George makes $9.3 million claim against Glenn Rosewall The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Thursday, June 8, 2017 North Bay, ON 11° Sunny Sponsored by: Canadore College Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Events UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Theft of hygiene items sends three into custody Monday, June 5, 2017 9:16:23 EDT AM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error   It's alleged that three unknown individuals were seen on a store security video stealing a large quantity of razors, razor blades and oral hygiene products from the Walmart in North Bay in April. According to North Bay Police Service, they left the store undetected and unidentified at that time. Value of the loss is estimated at $7,800. Walmart Security recognized two of the same three individuals on June 2 who were back in the store attempting to conceal items. They left the store and descriptors were provided to police with a licence plate of a suspect vehicle. The vehicle was located on Hwy 11 South and a 39-year-old male, as well as two females ages 34 and 41 were arrested. According to police, all three suspects were in North Bay visiting from Poland, and currently residing in Mississauga. They were taken into custody and charged with attempt theft from the June 2nd occurrence, as well as theft over $5000.00 from in incident in April. They were also charged with possession of a device to commit mischief, as two electronic boxes were found that, when tested rendered the security scanners at the point of exit ineffective in detecting the anti-theft strips on merchandise. All three persons were remanded into custody until today for a bail hearing at the North Bay courthouse.  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Automotive Sudbury Fine Cars Education International Baccalaureate Program Automotive Financing thecarlot.ca Automotive Financing Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with North Bay Nugget Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options North Bay View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow North Bay Nugget Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Lacrosse Curling Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Events Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print North Bay Nugget Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 North Bay Nugget. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Skip to content × Search Search Search ✔ BayToday.ca ✔ Classifieds ✔ Google Search site × 16.7 °Cforecast > Home Local Local News More Local Northern Ontario Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive National Sports National Hockey Columns The Doctor Game Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat This Should Work with Bruce MacNab Wine All the Time Aisle Seat Remember This? Financial Literacy Debbie Travis' House to Home Everything King (with Wendy King) Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Comics Shop Local Flyers Gas Prices Garage Sales Home Local News Thieves use high technology to steal razors from local department store Two electronic boxes were found that, when tested, rendered the security scanners at the point of exit ineffective 0 Jun 5, 2017 8:22 AM by: Jeff Turl Back in April, three people were seen in a Walmart security video stealing plenty of razors, razor blades and oral hygiene products from the North Bay store. The value of the loss at that time was $7,800. The threesome left the store undetected and unidentified at that time. On June 2nd, 2017 Walmart Security recognized two of the same thieves were back in the store trying to hide more items.  They left the store but descriptors were provided to police with a licence plate number of a suspect vehicle. The vehicle was located on Hwy 11 South and a 39-year-old man, as well as two women, aged 34 and 41 were arrested. Police say all three are here visiting from Poland, and are currently living in Mississauga.  They were taken into custody and charged with "Attempt Theft" from the June 2nd occurrence, as well as "Theft Over $5,000" from the first occurrence.  They were also charged with Possession of a "Device to Commit Mischief", as two electronic boxes were found that, when tested, rendered the security scanners at the point of exit ineffective in detecting the anti-theft strips on merchandise.  All three persons were remanded into custody until Monday June 5th for a bail hearing at the North Bay courthouse.   See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text Comments More Local News Gathering Place garden grows more than just food, it also grows friendships Good morning, North Bay! Major street closed for two days Visit our homepage > About the Author: Jeff Turl Jeff is a veteran of the news biz. He's spent a lengthy career in TV, radio, print and online, covering both news and sports. He enjoys free time riding motorcycles and spoiling grandchildren. Read more > Latest Poll The Beatle's Sgt. Pepper just turned 50. What is your favourite song on the album? view related story Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band With a little help from my friends Lucy in the sky with diamonds Getting better Fixing a hole She's leaving home Being for the benefit of Mr. Kite Within you without you When I'm sixty four Lovely Rita Good morning good morning A day in the life Sorry, too young. Never heard the album Vote results > archives > Local Local News More Local Northern Ontario Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive National Sports National Hockey Columns Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat Financial Literacy Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Comics Shop Local Flyers Gas Prices Garage Sales About Advertising Terms of Service Privacy About Contact Village Media Visit our network of sites: BarrieToday.com BayToday.ca GuelphToday.com SooToday.com TimminsToday.com Partner sites: Sudbury.com TBNewsWatch.com Manitoulin.ca Local Xpress © 2017 BayToday.ca
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Live: Comey hearing Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Television SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories ‘Cloud’ over Trump is now a full-blown thunderstorm MGH surgeons left patients waiting under anesthesia while they did second surgeries, whistle blower charges Transgender principal Asa Sevelius shares powerful message in Brookline Dan Shaughnessy: Piling on Red Sox pitcher David Price makes no sense Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Oliver: Trump pulling out of Paris accord could have ‘catastrophic’ effect E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Jaclyn Reiss Globe Staff  June 05, 2017 Warning: Video contains explicit language John Oliver had a message for “Last Week Tonight” viewers Sunday night: Check out your local politicians’ stance on climate change — and work to get those who deny it out. The HBO show’s host made the plea at the end of a segment on President Trump’s decision last week to pull the United States out of the Paris climate agreement. The president made the announcement on Thursday, claiming the agreement had disadvantaged the US ‘‘to the exclusive benefit of other countries,’’ leaving American businesses and taxpayers to absorb the cost. Advertisement However, by abandoning the agreement to slow the tide of planetary warming, Trump struck a major blow to worldwide efforts to combat global warming and distanced the country from its closest allies abroad. Oliver slammed Trump for the move, noting that even corporations like Walmart, Bank of America, and tobacco company Phillp Morris International have pledged to commit to going eco-friendly in various ways. Get The Weekender in your inbox: The Globe's top picks for what to see and do each weekend, in Boston and beyond. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here “That is right: This is a story where Walmart, Bank of America, and Phillip Morris end up being the good guys, which just feels inherently surprising,” Oliver said. “It’s like I just said, ‘Great news everyone: Ebola, ISIS, and that dentist who shot Cecil the lion are going to save the planet for us.’ ” Oliver also pointed out that several governors and mayors (including Pittsburgh, which Trump specifically referenced in his speech Thursday) are still aiming to hold their areas up to the climate agreement. However, he noted that not everyone felt that way, focusing specifically on state legislators who have offered head-scratching explanations for global warming. “The onus is now on politicians at the state and local level to do what Donald Trump cannot be bothered to. Unfortunately, that means you now need to find out where your mayor, your governor, or even your state reps stand on climate change,” Oliver said. “Maybe you’ll get lucky — maybe yours is great. Or maybe you live in Pennsylvania and you’re represented by Scott Wagner.” Advertisement Oliver then cut to a quote from Wagner, a state senator who was quoted on WHYY-FM in March as saying, “We have more people. You know, humans have warm bodies, so is heat coming off?. . . I think we are, as a society, doing the best we can.” After the clip, Oliver said incredulously, “Our body heat is not warming the planet, and we are clearly not doing the best we can, because we keep putting idiots like Scott Wagner in positions of power.” Oliver also played a clip of North Carolina state Representative Larry Pittman, in which he said in 2012, “Our climate runs on a cycle. it goes up and it goes down and the lord designed it that way. . . and it is the height of hubris for human beings to think that we can have any effect on that.” Oliver seemed shell-shocked by Pittman’s statement. “No Larry, no. The height of hubris is not opposing climate change against God’s will. The height of hubris is 6-2 and he just pulled us out of the Paris agreement,” Oliver said. At the end of the episode, Oliver had a message for his viewers: Do whatever it takes to help elect local officials who are committed to reducing our nation’s carbon footprint. “All of this is going to take work, and attention, and energy, and I know that’s not easy,” Oliver said. However, he pointed to one specific motivating factor. “Apparently, it was never quite enough to motivate ourselves out of love for this large, gassy orb,” Oliver said, a photo of the earth appearing next to his face. “But maybe we can bring ourselves to do something out of our loathing of this one.” The next visual queued up? Donald Trump. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more What it’s like to start online therapy By Ellen Scott for Metro.co.uk, Lifestyle editorMonday 5 Jun 2017 7:09 am Four months after being prescribed therapy, I was losing faith that it was ever going to happen. I’d started talking to people about going private and working out if I could actually budget for weekly sessions. Pregnant woman challenges her husband to a workout and completely owns him The main reason I hadn’t committed to tracking down a therapist away from the NHS? Honestly, I was curious to find out exactly how long it would take to get through the waiting list, to get a real look at the mental health care system. When I was originally prescribed therapy, I was given the option to have in-person or online sessions. My preference, naturally, was in-person, but I was warned that the waiting list to sit down with an actual, real-life therapist, face-to-face would be at least three months. If I went for online therapy, the person on the phone told me, I’d be working stuff out by the next day. I decided to do that. (Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk) Then all the online therapists were fully booked. I emailed the helpdesk, who told me I was unlikely to get any online therapy until March (this was back in late January). I was frustrated. I waited. March came and went. I waited. Then I got a letter, telling me that as I hadn’t had my first session of therapy, they’d be cancelling my counselling. Bit annoying, considering I hadn’t chosen not to take any therapy sessions. They hadn’t been given to me. As I was gearing up to do a ranty phone call, however (which I managed to forget to do for the next three days), I received an email. The subject line: ‘LiveTherapy Session Available – Please Book Now’. (Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk) The contents, in brief: there’s a therapy session available at 9pm on the 25th of May. If you don’t book it, we’re kicking you out of therapy.* *Exact, gentler wording: ‘Unfortunately if you do not book the time offered above through Big White Wall, we will need to discharge you back to your referring health service for further support.’ The only issue? On the 25th of May I’d be on holiday with a massive group of people. I wasn’t planning to bring my laptop, and felt a bit weird about the prospect of hopping out of the villa’s pool and baring my feelings to a stranger while everyone else drank sangria and played ‘danger can’ (please, never play danger can). But if that was my only shot at getting therapy, I’d take it. So I did. (Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk) On the 25th of May, at 9pm UK time/10pm Spain time, where I was sitting, covered in suntan lotion and holding a laptop, I got ready for my session. Beforehand, I’d had to fill in a super fun, holiday-ish survey that asked me how often I’d felt low in the last weeks (more than several days), how much my worries were affecting my work and physical health, and how I was ‘adjusting socially’. I was then given some scores that had no meaning to me, but that I assumed would be helpful to my therapist. 24 out of 40. I wasn’t sure if that number was too high or too low so, naturally, I obsessed over it for an hour or so. Then it was time. I clicked enter the session. I saw my therapist’s face and heard her say hello. I said hi back. And then the wifi turned to sh*t and she couldn’t hear a thing I was saying. (Picture: Ella Byworth) We tried to fix it, but the villa’s internet connection wasn’t quite up to scratch. After five minutes of glitchy sound and ‘can you hear me now?’ we decided to do a pure text chat for our first session. ‘Okay,’ my therapist wrote. ‘In the first session I just have to ask you some questions.’ The wifi went completely down. The connection was lost. Thankfully, the therapist was totally understanding, and when I was able to send her an explanatory email hours later, she agreed to reschedule for the Thursday after – the 1st of June. This time I was ready. I was wearing a proper bra instead of a bikini and I hadn’t snuck away from drinking games to ‘make a phone call’. Another survey. This time, 29 of 40. I’m still not sure if that’s better or worse. (Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk) I hit enter session. I saw my therapist’s face. And this time my webcam failed to work. Brilliant. We had to settle for another pure text chat, which the therapist strongly recommended against doing for next time (typing takes up a lot of time and lets you edit your responses – not great when you need to explore how you’re really feeling). It was more intense than I thought it would be. We started by going through the formal bits. (Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk) I was told that everything that was said in the sessions would be kept confidential between me and my therapist – unless they thought I was at risk of hurting myself or others. She asked me about suicidal thoughts, and asked me about the likelihood that I’d act on them. I rated it a two out of ten. I was still alive, I explained. So logically, the likelihood is pretty low. The bulk of the first session was just talking about my issues so the therapist could get a feel for what I’m going through. When did things start? What do I worry about? What triggered my first panic attack? Have I self-harmed? Have I ever attempted suicide? What stops me from trying again? That doesn’t sound like a big deal, but it’s fairly draining to talk through all the horrible stuff your brain’s been telling you since your teens. I sat and cried while I typed, grateful that my webcam was broken so the therapist couldn’t see me. It felt, honestly, horrible. I didn’t expect that. (Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk) Seeing parts of myself I’m most ashamed of typed out and sent to a therapist was terrifying. I finally had to confront that I’d been putting up with mental health issues for a long time, and that I might not be as okay as I’ve been telling everyone I am. The therapist asked questions that framed my issues in facts and figures. How were my obsessive thoughts affecting my life? Had they ever affected my work? How many times do I have to check the door before I’m convinced it’s closed? More: Health Here's what personal trainers actually carry around in their gym bags Social jetlag could be the reason you're tired all week Stop telling single people that they're doomed to be unhealthy Drinking coffee before a work out might make you exercise more effectively When I told her that checking had made me late for work before, because I’d had to keep turning back and pulling the door closed, she asked how late. 20 minutes. When I said I’m exhausted because on bad nights, my obsessive thoughts will make me get out of bed and check things over and over, she asked how long this ritual would go on for. Hours. I hadn’t really thought about the effects of mental illness in these terms before – in numerical data reflecting exactly how badly it’s affecting my life. Having to think about amount of time lost, number of nights out missed, collective years I’d thought I was worthless, meant I had to face up to the real impact of what was going on in my head. I was left a little shaken. (Picture: Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk) The first session of therapy was not pleasant – but I know it was necessary. We ended by talking about what I’d like to get out of therapy, and how I’d measure success. I said that while antidepressants are pulling me out of the pit, I still have days when I think about ending things, I still have obsessive thoughts, and I still have panic attacks – so I’d like to be emotionally equipped to deal with these things when they come up. Working out exactly what we were setting out to achieve made this first session feel like just the first step of a collaborative mission. I sat there, eyeliner streaks down my face and laptop open, feeling raw. But I felt hopeful, too. (picture: Ella Byworth for metro.co.uk) We’re going to fix this. I’m finally getting help. It’s not going to be easy. I’m going to have to bring up a lot of things that I’ve been trying to pretend don’t exist for almost a decade. I’m going to cry, I’m going to have to accept that I’m not coming across as the version of myself I like best. But through doing that, things are going to get better. Sometimes to rebuild things and make them stronger, you have to start by taking them apart. That’s what happened in this first session. The next session will likely be the same (except this time, I’ll hopefully have a working webcam). I’m booked in for my next therapy session on Thursday at 9pm. Bring on the rebuilding. Oi, listen to our new mental health podcast: Oh, hey. If you like reading about mental health stuff, you’ll probably also like listening to it. So rejoice. We’ve launched a snazzy new podcast discussing all things mental health without getting too serious, science-y, or stuffy. It’s called Mentally Yours, it’s great, and you can subscribe here. Let us know what you think by commenting, tweeting us @MentallyYrs, or leaving a review. We are very keen for any and all feedback.* *Especially if it’s nice. MORE: How to talk to your GP about your mental health MORE: Why it’s so powerful for Barbie to talk about mental health MORE: Why aren’t antidepressants fixing everything? The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more MoreGetting BetterMental health Tourette's Awareness Day: This is what it is like to live with Tourette's Syndrome 'An all-encompassing black hole': What it's like to have depression How a Cuddle Workshop might be exactly what you need to cheer yourself up This charity is helping young people talk about their mental health Comments What's trending nowMore trending stories » People are obsessed with this 'sexy' Shiba Inu from Japan Man's McDonald's ice cream sandwich trick is a game-changer Universal Credit and applying for benefits destroyed my life Get your spoons out: Oreo spread is here and it looks amazing Woman makes her own full-body mattress so she can nap any where, any timeMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Health › Mental health Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Forward Pharma A/S (FWP) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Covenant Transportation Group (CVTI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.37 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price Cortina Asset Management LLC Purchases 75,879 Shares of Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Cortina Asset Management LLC Sells 17,566 Shares of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds United Services Automobile Association Cuts Stake in Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Credit Agricole S A Boosts Stake in Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Analysts Set Aramark (ARMK) PT at $42.70 Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Magna International Inc. (MGA) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Co reissued their hold rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) in a report released on Sunday morning. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on WMT. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a buy rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Saturday, May 13th. Robert W. Baird set a $85.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $82.17 target price for the company. in a research note on Thursday. MKM Partners set a $72.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a neutral rating and set a $78.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $78.41. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE WMT) traded down 0.24% on Friday, hitting $79.62. 7,996,466 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.93. The stock has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a PE ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $76.42 and a 200-day moving average of $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders bought 3,595 call options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 104% compared to the typical volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.98 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores’ (WMT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/wal-mart-stores-wmt-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-wells-fargo-co.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 1,455,636 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.34, for a total transaction of $114,034,524.24. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,224 shares in the company, valued at approximately $823,135,928.16. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 1,157,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.06, for a total transaction of $90,354,450.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $526,794,154.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $262,122,000. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $237,230,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home by Spencer Soper @spencersoper More stories by Spencer Soper June 1, 2017, 1:20 PM EDT Retailer lets workers deliver packages during commutes home Test of new program began at stores in New Jersey and Arkansas Wal-Mart Employees Uses as Secret Weapon in Amazon Fight Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a program that sends store employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts, a new push by the world’s biggest retailer to use its large physical footprint to match Amazon.com Inc.’s convenient options for web purchases. Workers can opt in to earn extra money by making deliveries using their own cars. They’re assigned packages based on where they live so the route aligns with their commute home, the company said Thursday in a blog post. Wal-Mart didn’t specify how the employees will be compensated. The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. Wal-Mart is tapping into its 4,700 U.S. stores and more than a million retail employees as it seeks to redefine itself in an age of e-commerce dominated by Amazon, which offers delivery of some products in as little as an hour in some cities. Online spending will increase by 16 percent this year -- more than four times the pace of overall retail -- to reach $462 billion, according to EMarketer Inc. About 90 percent of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart, and the company is using those locations as shipping hubs to compete with Amazon on the last mile of delivery -- the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. By using existing workers in their own cars, Wal-Mart could create a vast network with little upfront cost, similar to how Uber Technologies Inc. created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Wal-Mart’s e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion. "This test could be a game-changer." Many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees, Lore said, showing how the initiative could also be used to narrow delivery times. The lines between internet and brick-and-mortar commerce are blurring as retailers -- including Amazon -- try to accommodate a variety of shopping preferences. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart offers free two-day delivery on millions of items to compete with Amazon’s standard delivery time. It also lets customers buy groceries online and pick them up at stores and offers discounts to online shoppers who pick up items at stores rather than having them delivered. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Amazon, meanwhile, has stepped up its experimentation with physical locations. It’s slowly opening physical bookstores in big cities around the U.S., which double as showrooms for Amazon gadgets like its Kindle readers and Echo voice-activated speakers. The company opened two drive-in grocery pickup kiosks in its hometown of Seattle earlier this month, its first attempt to match the click-and-collect options rolled out by Wal-Mart and other big-box competitors. For more on logistics, check out the Decrypted podcast: Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
"> Target Ad Confirms Gold PS4 Releasing Week of E3 News Reviews Features Guides Target Ad Confirms Gold PS4 Releasing Week of E3 By AJ Caulfield | Jun 4, 2017   PlayStation 4 users are in for a treat. A gold-colored PS4 is close to breaking onto the retail scene, reportedly hitting shelves the week of E3 2017. According to a Target advertisement, which appears to have been accidentally revealed by the company, the limited edition console is the 1TB slim version and comes bundled with a matching gold DualShock controller. Twitter user Wario64 shared the image on the social platform, stating, “PlayStation 4 1TB Slim Gold console confirmed for Target ad week of June 11.” The accompanying photo shows the gold console listed at $249.99 USD, an apparent $50 decrease from the manufacturer’s suggested retail price of $299.99 USD. PlayStation 4 1TB Slim Gold console confirmed for Target ad week of June 11, $249.99. pic.twitter.com/LCOQBN7kAJ — Wario64 (@Wario64) June 5, 2017 Sony hasn’t formally unveiled a metallic-toned unit, but sources outside the store’s ad confirm its existence, with one mentioning the unit could arrive as early as Friday, June 9. Users in two separate Reddit threads have reported seeing the gold PS4 on Target’s equipment and on Walmart’s shelves. Reddit member Sliye confirmed, “I work at Target and it looks like the PS4 gold is coming June 9. [It] shows up on our equipment.” On the other side of the retail dynamic, one customer shared their encounter with the yet-to-be-announced console. “This Walmart put them out early,” Reddit user Christopher_Maxim said. “[The] register locked up when I tried to buy one and the staff realized their mistake. I snagged a pic before they brought them out back.” A listing for a wireless gold PS4 DualShock controller has also appeared on the Best Buy website. It’ll cost players $64.99 USD and features the same precision controls, built-in speaker, share button, and integrated light bar as its non-metallic predecessors. Though Sony has yet to speak on the validity of these reports, if true, releasing the gold PS4 during the week of E3 is, admittedly, a smart marketing technique. Because the expo is open to the public for the first time since the inaugural gathering in 1995, more eyes will be on the conference presenters than ever before. Industry executives, seasoned journalists, and gaming enthusiasts alike will be watching companies’ every move, Sony included. Even if Sony doesn’t unveil all the games fans were hoping the company would, rolling out a limited edition PlayStation 4 is sure to grab fans’ attention and perform well given its timely (perhaps even tactical) debut. Source: Twitter, Reddit – 1, 2 tags: PS4, Sony Load Comments SCROLL FOR NEXT ARTICLE Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2017 WARP 10 LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Google previews London HQ, hack Android for $200k, Walmart workers to deliver packages By Matthew DeCarlo on Jun 4, 2017, 10:00 AM TechSpot Google unveils plans for 1m sq ft London headquarters Google has released designs for a new 11-story, 1 million-square-foot headquarters in London near King's Cross railway station, complete with a sprawling, landscaped rooftop garden. The facilities will include a cafe, gym and pool as well as a rooftop track and ground-floor retail spaces, according to the company's application for permission to build. The campus has been designed by an all-star team that includes Thomas Heatherwick, the British designer behind London's 2012 Olympic cauldron, and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels' BIG firm. CNN After 0 successful submissions, Google quadruples top reward for hacking Android to $200,000 Google has paid security researchers millions of dollars since launching its bug bounty program in 2010. The company today expanded its Android Security Rewards program because “no researcher has claimed the top reward for an exploit chain in two years.” Right. Well, the program has only been around for two years — a Google spokesperson confirmed that nobody has ever claimed the top reward. Venture Beat Intel CEO sees VR sports as a billion dollar business Intel CEO Brian Krzanich told Axios on Thursday that he sees virtual reality not only changing the face of sports, but also potentially being a multi-billion-dollar business for the chip giant. "I think it can be a couple billion dollar business" he said in an interview after his appearance at Code Conference. "And the reason is this is a whole new feed... things like advertising, the ability to take that data and sell it... we're the only ones who we believe can produce this stuff." Axios Why we're suing the FBI for records about Best Buy Geek Squad informants Sending your computer to Best Buy for repairs shouldn’t require you to surrender your Fourth Amendment rights. But that’s apparently what’s been happening when customers send their computers to a Geek Squad repair facility in Kentucky. We think the FBI’s use of Best Buy Geek Squad employees to search people’s computers without a warrant threatens to circumvent people’s constitutional rights. EFF Walmart is turning its employees into delivery drivers to compete with Amazon Walmart, which is aggressively investing in e-commerce to better compete with Amazon, is unveiling a new strategy: turning its army of 1.5 million US employees into delivery drivers. The tactic is being tested at three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas, and designed to shave costs out of the “last mile” of distribution, the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. Quartz Exploring DynamIQ and ARM’s New CPUs: Cortex-A75, Cortex-A55 ARM moves at an aggressive pace, pushing out new processor IP on a yearly cadence. It needs to move fast partly because it has so many partners across so many industries to keep happy and partly because it needs to keep up with the technology its IP comes into contact with, everything from new process nodes to higher quality displays to artificial intelligence. To keep pace, ARM keeps multiple design teams in several different locations all working in parallel. AnandTech Is “I forget” a valid defense when court orders demand a smartphone password? On May 30, two suspects accused of extorting the so-called "Queen of Snapchat" as part of a sex-tape scandal are scheduled to appear in a Florida court. But as wild as the premise sounds, primarily the accused need only to answer a simple question on this visit. Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Charles Johnson wants an explanation as to why Hencha Voigt and her then boyfriend, Wesley Victor, can't remember the passcodes to their mobile phones. Ars Technica 51 GPUs tested, from the Radeon HD 2900XT to RX 580 & R9 Fury: Testing the 2017 Linux driver stack It's that time of the year where we see how the open-source AMD Linux graphics driver stack is working on past and present hardware in a large GPU comparison with various OpenGL games and workloads. This year we go from the new Radeon RX 580 all the way back to the Radeon HD 2900XT, looking at how the mature Radeon DRM kernel driver and R600 Gallium3D driver is working for aging ATI/AMD graphics hardware. Phoronix Chrome bug allows sites to record audio and video without a visual indicator Ran Bar-Zik, a web developer at AOL, has discovered and reported a bug in Google Chrome that allows websites to record audio and video without showing a visual indicator. The bug is not as bad as it sounds, as the malicious website still needs to get the user's permission to access audio and video components, but there are various ways in which this issue could be weaponized to record audio or video without the user's knowledge. Bleeping Computer Does your video game have too many words? (Yeah, probably.) My whole career has been based on writing very story-heavy games, with lots of words. Our company, Spiderweb Software, is small. We can't afford fancy graphics, so we have to rely on words. Interesting, quality words. We're currently remastering the series with our most loved story and our bestest words. We also finished a new series, which had a lot of words which I suspect weren't as good because it didn't sell as well. Gamasutra Hollywood sees illegal streaming devices as ‘piracy 3.0’ Piracy remains a major threat for the movie industry, MPA Stan McCoy said yesterday during a panel session at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. After McCoy praised the collaboration between the MPA(A) and Russian authorities in their fight against online piracy, the ‎President and Managing Director of the MPA’s EMEA region noted that pirates are not standing still. TorrentFreak The sci-fi timeline Which came first, the sci-fi chicken or the (alien) egg? We're all used to seeing movies and games set in the future, but often the date can seem a bit abstract. We've brought together some of our favourites to show yo the timeline and where they all fit. There were some surprises! See for yourself, and decide if the writers got it right! Glow BOE technology shows first working emissive QLED screens at DisplayWeek 2017 Per a report from OLED.net, Chinese tech company BOE Technology Group has shown the first examples of a fully functional electroluminescent emissive QLED displays in the form of a flat panel TV and phone. The company demoed both screens at DisplayWeek 2017. Electroluminescent QLED is an emissive technology, like OLED and plasma before it. AVS Forum What really happened with Vista I generally have posted about things that I have been directly involved with — either code I wrote or projects I managed. In this post I am taking a different tack to write about my perspective on the underlying causes of the Windows Vista (codename Longhorn) debacle. While this happened over a decade ago, this was a crucial period in the shift to mobile and had long-running consequences internally to Microsoft. Hacker Noon Hack brief: Dangerous ‘Fireball’ adware infects a quarter billion PCs Adware that infects your computer to display pop-ups is an annoyance. But when it infects as many as one in five networks in the world, and hides the capability to do far more serious damage to its victims, it’s an epidemic waiting to happen. Wired Related Reads Neowin's 7 days of cleaning up Windows and all things Android Neowin's 7 Days of Android updates, Qualcomm's "rubbish," and the last version of Windows Neowin's 7 Days of Xbox news, Lumia flagships, and Android's security crackdown Post a comment 54 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Intel's Core i7-7740K overclocked to 7.5GHz using liquid helium Samsung Galaxy Note 8 details leak, expected to ship ahead of iPhone 8 Optoma announces sub-$2,000 projector with 4K resolution Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS Alibaba guides for 45-49% growth in FY18, Investors thump in cheer HSBC sees India growth unchanged at 7.1% this fiscal Artificial Intelligence gets below average grade in Chinese university entrance exam TUI, Etihad end talks over leisure airline joint venture GST's impact will be disruptive, but positive: World Gold Council Tata Advanced Systems supplies aerospace components for Boeing Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 03:56 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,308-132.00 USD/INR 64.31-0.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Wal-Mart asks employees to deliver packages on their way home By Bloomberg | Updated: Jun 05, 2017, 01.06 AM IST Post a Comment The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Wal-Mart Stores is testing a programme that sends store employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts, a new push by the world’s biggest retailer to use its large physical footprint to match Amazon.com’s convenient options for web purchases. Workers can opt in to earn extra money by making deliveries using their own cars. They’re assigned packages based on where they live so the route aligns with their commute home, the company said on Thursday in a blog post. Wal-Mart didn’t specify how the employees will be compensated. The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. WalMart is tapping into its 4,700 US stores and more than a million retail employees as it seeks to redefine itself in an age of ecommerce dominated by Amazon, which offers delivery of some products in as little as an hour in some cities. Online spending will increase 16 per cent this year – more than four times the pace of overall retail – to reach $462 billion, according to EMarketer. About 90 per cent of the US population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart, and the company is using those locations as shipping hubs to compete with Amazon on the last mile of delivery – the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. By using existing workers in their own cars, Wal-Mart could create a vast network with little upfront cost, similar to how Uber Technologies created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars. “Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” said Marc Lore, who took over Wal-Mart’s ecommerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion. “This test could be a game-changer.” Many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees, Lore said, showing how the initiative could also be used to narrow delivery times. Comments(0)Add Comments Wal-Mart asks employees to deliver packages on their way home To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONUS storesUber TechnologiesAmazon Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES ITBP may replace Assam Rifles on Myanmar border Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Wal-Mart looks to loosen Amazon's Grip Online From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION Clifton :  Take $20 Off Your Broken Windshield Replacement Safelite Type 2 Diabetes: Look Out for These Symptoms WebMD 13 Human Foods Your Pet Definitely Shouldn't Eat MSN Package for home textiles in forthcoming Textile Policy Five ways to deal with an employee who isn't a team player Five ways to deal with a disengaged employee Five ways to prevent burnout among employees Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Isro: How calculated risks have translated into more frequent and sophisticated launches How Saudi Arabia and allies strong-armed Qatar, blindsided US How this monetary policy brought simmering tension between RBI, government to the fore Indian Army prepared for a two and a half front war: Army Chief Bipin Rawat Yogi Adityanath goes the extra mile to woo India Inc More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Cooler temperatures come with chance for mid-week showers Sponsor Weather Edenton family continues weather observation--120 years and counting DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw North Carolina Pitt grad transfer Johnson commits to UNC, unclear on playing status Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Unbundling: When streaming brings diminished returns Davidson's daydreams become Super Regional reality Pitino's Cards primed to pounce in ACC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Latest News Report: Health sciences contribute $3.7B to NC economy (WTW Insider) Latest News Bummer report: NC economy ranks only 15th among 50 states Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislators and their peanut gallery Editorial: End the partisan games, draw legal voting districts now Editorial: Rather than shake the D.C. establishment, Trump brings chaos Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side 'Fiduciary Rule' takes effect this week: See how it could affect your retirement 5 On Your Side Don't be corn-fused: See results of pre-popped popcorn tests 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Pets Dog with cancer fulfills bucket list, including marriage Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Comey to testify about conversations with Trump Weather Man films massive tornado in field Live Video Schedule 10a Comey testifies before Senate intel committee Noon WRAL Noon News 2p House holds special redistricting session Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 60° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 60° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-03 06:06:00 Updated: 2017-06-04 13:39:37 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday Tags: Freebies Posted 6:06 a.m. Saturday Updated 1:39 p.m. Sunday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Evc Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today until 3 pm for 2 SB points! The code is: WinAJeep Enter it at Swagbucks.com HERE in the Swag Code box. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Sunday 1 Swagbucks.com website Swagbucks Stealth Code Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Free Credit Score - No Card Required! $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Residents evicted from Garner apartment complex fear homelessness @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Johnson & Johnson The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability In collaboration with Johnson & Johnson, May 11, 2016 Health Economics Partner Collaborations Global Focus North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote For people working to make U.S. health care purchasing more green, it’s not data that’s lacking, it’s discovering the meaningful part. “That’s the big question now: How can we leverage technology in a way that converts data into meaningful information that purchasing managers can use to do their jobs better?” asked JoAnna Abrams, CEO of MindClick, a supply chain sustainability company. If such information were available, it could revolutionize hospital procurement, saving money for everyone involved; reduce health care’s impact on the environment; improve the health of patients, hospital staff and the public; motivate manufacturers to invest more in sustainable products; and spark innovation all along the supply chain. But as things stand now, the information is not generally available. “What there’s almost none of — and this is where we have tried to focus some of our work in sustainable procurement — is support for the buyers actually making the purchasing decisions,” said Eric Olson, senior vice president at Business for Social Responsibility (BSR), a global nonprofit that develops sustainable business strategies and solutions. “Big companies make commitments to all these wonderful things, but people down in the guts, who have to actually do the buying, don’t really know how to do that. Or if they do know how to do it, they don’t know how to also keep their job, because sooner or later they’re going come against a trade off between unit cost and these other important attributes.” Learning from Other Industries As different as they are, the electronics and apparel industries share a similar history when it comes to their supply chains. Both were exposed in the media for abusing the environment and the people laboring to make their products; both suffered real financial pain as a result of the negative press; and both responded by creating data-driven coalitions of otherwise competitive companies to address the environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues involved. When the electronics industry began working on the challenge with BSR in 2004, it quickly became apparent that, “improvement was not going to be driven if all the suppliers in east Asia and elsewhere were being presented with large numbers of conflicting requirements from buyers,” Olson explained. “We needed to get together, agree on root causes, agree on what acceptable and good practices would look like, and then we had to agree on the protocols that would guide everything from auditing to remediation.” Things did not go smoothly at first. There were stormy meetings, as the group of eight companies went through the “storming and norming” phase of building a collaborative team. But eventually the storms abated, as “we found pre-competitive space in one of the most competitive industries on the planet,” said Olson. By working on common issues that would benefit all concerned, the group came to see clearly the value of what could only be done together. The group was spun off by BSR in 2008, and today the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC) has 100 members that generate combined annual revenues exceeding $3 trillion. All of these companies — which directly employ more than 5.5 million people and have another 3.5 million contributing to the production of their products — abide by the EICC Code of Conduct, governing labor, ethics, environment, and health and safety. While there are still plenty of challenges facing the EICC, Olson said that successes to date have included these three key elements: Getting the governance right: “What are we trying to achieve, what are the rights and responsibilities of those who join, what truly are pre-competitive issues where we can afford and benefit from collaborating, and what areas are just out of bounds?” Investing in the right transparency mechanisms: “We’re tantalizingly close to a step-change. The infrastructure has just gotten so much better, with the cloud offering the ability to share information without having the mother of all management software systems.” Taking a practical approach: “We’ve had to satisfy ourselves with a subset of information that we can actually get our hands on, believe and take action on when we get it. The train wrecks have been when people overbuilt — went for way more information than they were ever going to be able to take action on.” In 2010, a remarkably similar process led to the creation of the Sustainable Apparel Coalition (SAC). At the time, “buyers throughout the industry were receiving an ever-increasing number of audits and surveys,” said Scott Miller, director of business development for SAC. Many of the questions were redundant, he said. “And nothing was getting better. The manufacturers were simply becoming expert audit takers.” Industry Outreach In response to the situation, the senior management at Walmart approached the senior management at Patagonia about coming together to develop a universal standard for the measurement of sustainability in the apparel industry. Joined by 10 other companies, the group consulted with other stakeholders and came up with the Higg Index. (The name isn’t significant; it was painstakingly devised to be inoffensive in all languages.) The Higg Index was first created in Excel and focused only on environmental sustainability. As feedback came in, SAC made revisions, moved from spreadsheets to a sophisticated, transparent online platform and expanded the index to encompass social and labor issues. Today, more than 6,000 manufacturers and suppliers contribute to the Higg Index, now including both footwear and home textiles. Other industries, including glassware and tableware, also use the Higg Index, because they see major retail customers (such as Macy’s, Target and Walmart) using it. As EICC did, SAC worked hard to create a pre-competitive space where competitors “can literally sit at the same table, as sustainability professionals, and collaborate on improving practices in the supply chain,” noted Miller. Where Health Care Fits In The challenge facing health care is both the same and different. All three industries — electronics, apparel and health care — have faced essentially the same obstacle to sustainability: the redundant collection of disparate data that cannot be meaningfully integrated into the purchasing process. But Abrams pointed out some clear differences. While the apparel and information and communications technology (ICT) industries have complicated global supply chains, their suppliers are generally confined to certain key industries. Neither electronics nor apparel “deals with the huge array of manufacturers that health care does, where you can be talking about everything from endotracheal tubes to baby formula,” said MindClick’s Abrams. “There is also a much more manageable number of players in those other industries,” Abrams added. One hundred companies are members of EICC and SAC has 174 members. “In health care, you’ve got 5,000 hospitals alone, plus all the manufacturers, plus all the GPOs, plus all the clinical services that are in non-hospital settings. The scale of this thing is absolutely massive.” Still, the experiences of SAC and EICC point to some essential ingredients that any solution in health care ignores at its peril, including most clearly a collaborative system that eliminates redundant and irrelevant data collection, provides transparency and translates data into actionable information. Just as important, SAC and EICC succeeded by starting slowly and growing incrementally over time. These lessons have not been lost on health care professionals, who are now in the early stages of creating their own collaborative effort to green hospitals’ supply chains. A Daunting Task A great deal of time, effort and money will be required to make such an index a reality. “And at the end of the day there has to be an ROI,” said Abrams. “The way we approach this is to look at what each stakeholder is looking to get out of the index.” Suppliers want to know how they compare to the competition. If a manufacturer’s product scores better than a competitor’s, it can use that information to help increase market share. If its product performs poorly, a manufacturer can work to improve the product, provided, of course, that the market justifies the investment. That’s another benefit of a sustainable health care index: It allows suppliers to see how robust the market is for a product with specific EPP attributes. Hospitals and other providers are driven by their mission, and by the changing economics of health care under the Affordable Care Act, to protect and improve the health of the communities they serve. They can use a sustainability index to steer clear of products that can actually aggravate the very conditions they are spending precious resources to alleviate and cure. And with solid metrics to work with, they will be able to evaluate the complex tradeoffs between short-term and long-term costs. Such metrics are less likely to be helpful in marketing, at least in the near future. While a hospital may promote its overall sustainability, it is unlikely to showcase incremental reductions in its use of harmful materials. Group purchasing organizations (GPOs) stand to benefit from an index in a variety of ways. Kevin Lewis, national program coordinator at one of the largest GPOs, Premier Inc., noted that as its 3,600 hospital members increasingly look for EPP data they can use in purchasing, suppliers not now on contract with the company will be motivated to sign on. In addition, said Abrams, “Contracting is really the tip of the iceberg.” GPOs are really in the business of providing valuable analytics to their members so they will benefit by having a third party that cost effectively provides verified information they can integrate into their own analytical tools. Strength in Numbers As a demonstration of what a sustainable health care index could achieve, six companies recently participated in a case study: Premier, Johnson & Johnson, Steelcase (a furniture and furnishings company) and three health care providers, Edward-Elmhurst Health, Anne Arundel Health and Fairview Health. The results from Edward-Elmhurst were first released at the conference on “Sustainability & Health Care: Creating & Capturing Value” at Wharton, co-sponsored by Johnson & Johnson and Wharton’s Initiative for Global Environmental Leadership (IGEL). Since then, results from the other two health care systems have also been released, so “now all three hospitals are in a position to see how they compare to each other,” explained Abrams, whose company, MindClick, is at the center of the initiative. The case study focused on three categories — endotracheal tubes, furniture and sutures — and used the Environmentally Preferable Purchasing (EPP) data already being collected. Although the EPP data includes responses to only 25 questions, and only the data from one GPO and two suppliers was used, once that data was matched with a line item list of the purchases Edward-Elmhurst had made in all three categories during the 12 months preceding September 2015, MindClick had more than 300,000 data points to work with. To translate those data points into usable information, the MindClick team identified which questions were relevant in each category and sorted responses into three simple categories: Starter, Achiever and Leader. The study revealed that 66% of the $60,000 Edwards-Elmhurst spent on endotracheal tubes during the year went for products that earned Achiever status. The remaining 34% was spent on products not on contract with Premier, and therefore with unknown EPP performance. Success Stories The story was even better in the sutures category: 91% of the hospital’s spending was on products at the Leader level from Ethicon, which not only dominates in market share, but also performs at the Leader level across its entire reported product line. No EPP information was available for furniture, because Edwards-Elmhurst purchased all of its furniture during the year from distributors, not Premier. (A what-if scenario demonstrated that if the hospital had purchased products available from Steelcase, 88% would have been at the Leader level, with the remaining 12% rated as Achievers.) In total, Edwards-Elmhurst learned that 50% of the money it spent in the three categories purchased products that positively contributed to human and environmental health, but that the other half did not. This knowledge gave the hospital a benchmark against which to measure its progress in the years ahead. As in the ICT and apparel industries, health care is building its index slowly and carefully. During the coming year, MindClick will be working with a pilot group of hospitals and a pilot group of categories to create the first phase of the Healthcare Sustainable Purchasing Index (HSPI). Two advisory councils, one for providers and one for suppliers, are also being formed to identify the questions that are most pertinent in each category. Based on the experiences in other industries, the HSPI will continue growing over the coming years, sharpening the questions that are asked, enlisting the participation of more suppliers, GPOs and providers and building out the robust technology engine that will power the whole enterprise. As it does so, the index will help green a health care supply chain that represents 18% of the nation’s GDP. Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 11 May, 2016. Web. 08 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/promise-big-data-information-can-revolutionize-health-care-sustainability/> APA The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability. Knowledge@Wharton (2016, May 11). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/promise-big-data-information-can-revolutionize-health-care-sustainability/ Chicago "The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability" Knowledge@Wharton, May 11, 2016, accessed June 08, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/promise-big-data-information-can-revolutionize-health-care-sustainability/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Management For a Greener Supply Chain: Information Hospitals Can Actually Use With data sitting in thousands of unconnected spreadsheets, the challenge has now become how to incorporate it all into the purchasing process in the health care industry. Management Appreciating the Value of Sustainability in Health Care Hospitals could save billions by reducing energy use and waste, and achieving efficiencies in the operating room. But collecting the data has proved challenging. Sponsored Content The Producer Pays The idea behind extended producer responsibility (EPR) is catching on.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Anumakonda Jagadeesh Excellent article on Big Data and Health Care. Big data is a term for data sets that are so large or complex that traditional data processing application software is inadequate to deal with them. Challenges include capture, storage, analysis, data curation, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, updating and information privacy. The term “big data” often refers simply to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior analytics, or certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from data, and seldom to a particular size of data set. “There is little doubt that the quantities of data now available are indeed large, but that’s not the most relevant characteristic of this new data ecosystem.” Analysis of data sets can find new correlations to “spot business trends, prevent diseases, combat crime and so on.” Scientists, business executives, practitioners of medicine, advertising and governments alike regularly meet difficulties with large data-sets in areas including Internet search, fintech, urban informatics, and business informatics. Scientists encounter limitations in e-Science work, including meteorology, genomics, connectomics, complex physics simulations, biology and environmental research. Data sets grow rapidly – in part because they are increasingly gathered by cheap and numerous information-sensing Internet of things devices such as mobile devices, aerial (remote sensing), software logs, cameras, microphones, radio-frequency identification (RFID) readers and wireless sensor networks. The world’s technological per-capita capacity to store information has roughly doubled every 40 months since the 1980s; as of 2012, every day 2.5 exabytes (2.5×1018) of data are generated. One question for large enterprises is determining who should own big-data initiatives that affect the entire organization. Relational database management systems and desktop statistics- and visualization-packages often have difficulty handling big data. The work may require “massively parallel software running on tens, hundreds, or even thousands of servers”. What counts as “big data” varies depending on the capabilities of the users and their tools, and expanding capabilities make big data a moving target. “For some organizations, facing hundreds of gigabytes of data for the first time may trigger a need to reconsider data management options. For others, it may take tens or hundreds of terabytes before data size becomes a significant consideration.” Big data can be described by the following characteristics: Volume The quantity of generated and stored data. The size of the data determines the value and potential insight- and whether it can actually be considered big data or not. Variety The type and nature of the data. This helps people who analyze it to effectively use the resulting insight. Velocity In this context, the speed at which the data is generated and processed to meet the demands and challenges that lie in the path of growth and development. Variability Inconsistency of the data set can hamper processes to handle and manage it. Veracity The quality of captured data can vary greatly, affecting accurate analysis. Factory work and Cyber-physical systems may have a 6C system: • Connection (sensor and networks) • Cloud (computing and data on demand)[32][33] • Cyber (model and memory) • Content/context (meaning and correlation) • Community (sharing and collaboration) • Customization (personalization and value) Data must be processed with advanced tools (analytics and algorithms) to reveal meaningful information. For example, to manage a factory one must consider both visible and invisible issues with various components. Information generation algorithms must detect and address invisible issues such as machine degradation, component wear, etc. on the factory floor.[34][35] Health care analytics is a term used to describe the healthcare analysis activities that can be undertaken as a result of data collected from four areas within healthcare; claims and cost data, pharmaceutical and research and development (R&D) data, clinical data (collected from electronic medical records (EHRs)), and patient behavior and sentiment data (patient behaviors and preferences, (retail purchases e.g. data captured in running stores). Health care analytics is a growing industry in the United States, expected to grow to more than $18.7 billion by 2020. The industry focuses on the areas of clinical analysis, financial analysis, supply chain analysis, as well as, fraud and HR analysis. The current largest players in the market are medical consulting and medical software companies (IBM Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc. Optum, Inc, Truven Health Analytics Inc., Cerner Corporation, and McKesson Corporation) who have the ability to extend their reach with already existing customers. Health care analytics allows for the examination of patterns in various healthcare data in order to determine how clinical care can be improved while limiting excessive spending. Citing consultant George Zachariah from Dynamics Research Corporation, Healthcare IT News noted several potential benefits from health care analytics: 1) “cut[ting] down administrative costs,” 2) “clinical decision support,” 3) “cut[ting] down on fraud and abuse,” 4) “better care coordination,” and 5) “improv[ing] patient wellness.” A research article by Betty Jo Rochio further discussed how data analytics could be used to lower costs by “reduc[ing] variation in supplies, labor, and overhead.” Dr.A.Jagadeesh Nellore(AP),India Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephens Inc. AR Acquires Shares of 46,661 Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires 889 Shares of IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Stephens Inc. AR Buys New Position in AerCap Holdings (AER) Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) is Front Street Capital Management Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires Shares of 137,656 Allegiance Bancshares Inc (ABTX) Stephens Inc. AR Buys 109 Shares of Middleby Corp (MIDD) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Has $12.06 Million Position in MiMedx Group Inc (MDXG) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Turner Investments LLC Turner Investments LLC Takes Position in Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) Insider Sells $30,000.00 in Stock EPR Properties (EPR) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Gagnon Securities LLC Has $1.13 Million Stake in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Lowered to “Hold” at ValuEngine Federated Investors Inc (FII) Lowered to “Hold” at ValuEngine GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Entergy Co. (ETR) Downgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Royce & Associates LP Cuts Stake in Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Thursday. Investors acquired 3,595 call options on the company. This is an increase of 104% compared to the typical volume of 1,762 call options. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,576,324 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.65, for a total transaction of $202,627,882.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $530,775,817. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock valued at $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in WMT. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 89.2% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,476 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 696 shares in the last quarter. Glassman Wealth Services boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 68.3% in the first quarter. Glassman Wealth Services now owns 1,471 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 597 shares in the last quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.62 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.93. The stock has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $76.42 and a 200 day moving average of $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on WMT. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.17 price target for the company. in a research report on Thursday. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $78.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $85.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.41. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/traders-buy-high-volume-of-call-options-on-wal-mart-stores-wmt.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Thu June 08, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Budget 2017panama leaksChampions TrophyCPEC Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Budget 2017 panama leaks Champions Trophy CPEC Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business June 4, 2017 Share Advertisement Wal-Mart reassures employees FAYETTEVILLE, Arkansas: Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart is successfully using e-commerce to boost sales but does not want to alienate workers who have helped drive gains with improved customer service and higher morale following a rise in base pay to $10 an hour. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," Chief Executive Doug McMillon said at Wal-Mart's annual shareholder meeting where all the company's board member nominations were approved. "We will be people-led and tech-empowered." The nod to store employees and the retail workforce was a departure from past years when the company focused shareholder presentations on the technology it was adopting to close the online gap with Amazon and beat other competitors. The shift followed complaints by labor groups that Wal-Mart had to do more for workers, despite the company's $2.7 billion investment in employee training and wages in 2015 and the 2016 wage increase to $10. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Iranian parliament, Khomeini’s shrine attacked SC seeks JIT explanation on leaked photo KP govt unveils Rs603 bn budget for fiscal year 2017-18 Pakistan rejects Afghan allegations,warns against aggression China likely to build military bases in Pakistan: US View more... see all opinions Opinion Imtiaz Alam Four years Amir Hussain The secret of prosperity Mushtaq Rajpar Celebrating growth? Shahzad Chaudhry A vision wasted Ozer Khalid Britain votes Danish Khan Demand and supply see all opinions Newspost The Sindh budget A neglected region Energy woes Wake up, KE Plight of fishermen View more... see all opinions Editorial Afghanistan’s blame game Back to the future View more... see all opinions National PTI guillotining PPP in Punjab, bit by bit Muslim voters to play decisive role in 38 UK constituencies Beware of fake messages attributed to ISPR Pakistan to repay another $600m for maturity of Eurobond General elections 2018: ECC approves Rs864m for procuring new printing machines View more... see all opinions World Long battle feared as militants hold on in Philippine city Turkmen leader calls for end to free water, gas and power Venezuela commander urges troops not to hurt protesters Indonesia arrests two suspects over suicide attack Turkey, Iran urged to provide food to Qatar View more... see all opinions Sports Hasan, spinners thwart SA in must-win game ‘Pandya can be India great’ Gilchrist expects Australia pay row to end soon The tragedy of being a Pakistani fan PCB denies launching probe into India loss View more... see all opinions Business FBR collects Rs2.07bln under amnesty scheme for real estate UAE says more Qatar curbs possible, warns against Iran involvement SECP extends PSX bookbuilding by one day for initial public offering SECP notifies draft regulations Asian traders on edge ahead of key global events View more... see all opinions Karachi Question mark on police efficiency as robbers run rampant in Ramazan Rs3bn announced for state-of-the-art cancer treatment facility at JPMC SHC moved against crackdown on social media activists Khowaja-Siyal feud is impeding crime-solving in Sindh CPEC: Work on KCR revival to kick off in December, says Murad View more... see all opinions Lahore PFA softens stance on substandard ghee, oil Digging for water bridge allowed Rain brings relief to heat-stricken Lahorites Outages ordeal Shujaat for improving ties with Afghanistan View more... see all opinions Islamabad Power outages common in Ramazan Measures afoot to bolster polio drive in capital Rendezvous with renowned poet Nusrat Zaidi PM’s Health Programme races towards Mardan PNCA starts preparation for Independence Day celebrations View more... see all opinions Peshawar PHC issues notice to nazim, Cantonment Board CEO Man killed in Loy Shalman firing Protesting doctors assured of arresting accused Education gets Rs127.91b in KP Budget KP ADP pitched at Rs208bn for upcoming fiscal View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Thu June 08, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Budget 2017panama leaksChampions TrophyCPEC Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Budget 2017 panama leaks Champions Trophy CPEC Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business June 4, 2017 Share Advertisement Big US companies stay on White House panel WASHINGTON: Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Iranian parliament, Khomeini’s shrine attacked SC seeks JIT explanation on leaked photo KP govt unveils Rs603 bn budget for fiscal year 2017-18 Pakistan rejects Afghan allegations,warns against aggression China likely to build military bases in Pakistan: US View more... see all opinions Opinion Imtiaz Alam Four years Amir Hussain The secret of prosperity Mushtaq Rajpar Celebrating growth? Shahzad Chaudhry A vision wasted Ozer Khalid Britain votes Danish Khan Demand and supply see all opinions Newspost The Sindh budget A neglected region Energy woes Wake up, KE Plight of fishermen View more... see all opinions Editorial Afghanistan’s blame game Back to the future View more... see all opinions National PTI guillotining PPP in Punjab, bit by bit Muslim voters to play decisive role in 38 UK constituencies Beware of fake messages attributed to ISPR Pakistan to repay another $600m for maturity of Eurobond General elections 2018: ECC approves Rs864m for procuring new printing machines View more... see all opinions World Long battle feared as militants hold on in Philippine city Turkmen leader calls for end to free water, gas and power Venezuela commander urges troops not to hurt protesters Indonesia arrests two suspects over suicide attack Turkey, Iran urged to provide food to Qatar View more... see all opinions Sports Hasan, spinners thwart SA in must-win game ‘Pandya can be India great’ Gilchrist expects Australia pay row to end soon The tragedy of being a Pakistani fan PCB denies launching probe into India loss View more... see all opinions Business FBR collects Rs2.07bln under amnesty scheme for real estate UAE says more Qatar curbs possible, warns against Iran involvement SECP extends PSX bookbuilding by one day for initial public offering SECP notifies draft regulations Asian traders on edge ahead of key global events View more... see all opinions Karachi Question mark on police efficiency as robbers run rampant in Ramazan Rs3bn announced for state-of-the-art cancer treatment facility at JPMC SHC moved against crackdown on social media activists Khowaja-Siyal feud is impeding crime-solving in Sindh CPEC: Work on KCR revival to kick off in December, says Murad View more... see all opinions Lahore PFA softens stance on substandard ghee, oil Digging for water bridge allowed Rain brings relief to heat-stricken Lahorites Outages ordeal Shujaat for improving ties with Afghanistan View more... see all opinions Islamabad Power outages common in Ramazan Measures afoot to bolster polio drive in capital Rendezvous with renowned poet Nusrat Zaidi PM’s Health Programme races towards Mardan PNCA starts preparation for Independence Day celebrations View more... see all opinions Peshawar PHC issues notice to nazim, Cantonment Board CEO Man killed in Loy Shalman firing Protesting doctors assured of arresting accused Education gets Rs127.91b in KP Budget KP ADP pitched at Rs208bn for upcoming fiscal View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Photo Galleries Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Report It Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Lake Michigan Beach and Boating Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Sports Michigan Sports Scores Griffins High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy NCAA Football Lions Red Wings Pistons NCAA Hoops River Bank Run eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Contests More Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing About Us Contact Us Work For Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 66° F Few Clouds Hi: 82° F Lo: 52° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Photo Galleries Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Report It Featured: Kalamazoo Cycling Tragedy Missing teacher Theresa Lockhart News Links Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Corrupt public workers to lose retirement benefit under law Updated: 14 mins ago Under the legislation, public employees convicted of a crime related to their work will lose a portion of their pension or 401(k). Polls open in UK election after campaign marred by attacks Updated: 39 mins ago Voters are choosing 650 lawmakers for the House of Commons after Prime Minister Theresa May called the vote three years early. Katy Perry announces Grand Rapids performance 7:41 am Entrepreneur Shri Thanedar is running for Michigan governor 7:05 am Lakeshore Parade of Homes returns with a twist 6:45 am Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Lake Michigan Beach and Boating Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 66° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 66° F Wind: SSW 9 Humidity: 50% Dewpoint: 47° F Sunrise: 6:03 AM Sunset: 9:19 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Sports Sports Michigan Sports Scores Griffins High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy NCAA Football Lions Red Wings Pistons NCAA Hoops River Bank Run Latest Headlines June 7 high school lacrosse state semifinals June 7, 2017 West Michigan high school lacrosse teams took the field Wednesday, battling it out in state semifinal matchups. Whitecaps beat Loons to split series June 7, 2017 The West Michigan Whitecaps beat the Great Lakes Loons on Wednesday to tie up their three-game series at Fifth Third Ballpark. Farmer shines again; Tigers beat Angels June 7, 2017 Crunch tops Griffins in Calder Cup Finals Game 3 June 7, 2017 3 champs returning to Meijer LPGA Classic June 7, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Free screening at McDonald’s “Better Hearing Open House” June 7, 2017 If you’re someone who leads a busy lifestyle, balancing work and family, you don’t want to let hearing loss slow you down. Don’t miss City2Shore’s Slip-N-Slide event June 7, 2017 Enjoy a slip n slide down the hill of the Soccer Bowl after school lets out for the summer. Find your summer love with Matchmaker Michigan June 7, 2017 Look and feel your best with a little help from Skin Envy June 7, 2017 Hitting the green for vets: fighting emotional and financial turbulence June 7, 2017 Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Investing in students and Connecting with Community June 7, 2017 Mercantile Bank’s internships and co-op programs give students real business experience Help Your Family Plan for the Future June 6, 2017 Grand Rapids Community Foundation offers free financial organizer. Connecting with Community 2017 Awards Special June 2, 2017 Team Red, White, and Blue June 2, 2017 KCAS Pets of the Week: Phoebe and Ping June 2, 2017 Contests More Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing About Us Contact Us Work For Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 66° F Few Clouds Hi: 82° F Lo: 52° F Grocer hopes service will compete with big-box stores Jorgensen's will reopen location on Greenville's south side this summer Joe LaFurgey Published: June 5, 2017, 7:03 pm Updated: June 5, 2017, 7:47 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) The site of Jorgensen's on Washington Street in Greenville. (June 5, 3017) GREENVILLE, Mich. (WOOD) — It has been a long-lamented issue in towns big and small: Big-box stores move in and smaller, homegrown stores just can’t compete. That was the case for one local grocer, Jorgensen’s, in Greenville several years ago. But now owners are trying to buck the trend. When all is said and done, Jorgensen’s will have invested over $1.1 million in the location on Washington Street on the south side of Greenville. “We’re going to have, I believe, a 36-foot produce case,” Brett Meilluer, Jorgensen’s director of operations, showed 24 Hour News 8 on Monday. In 2010, Jorgensen’s moved out of the store. At the time, there just wasn’t enough business to support the full-size store. Meilleur said that new neighbors to the west — Walmart and Meijer — had a lot to do with that. “Yeah, them coming in definitely hurt and they (Jorgensen’s) didn’t know how to adjust. You have to adjust quick,” he said. But the two big-box competitors also have a something to do with Jorgensen’s planned reopening. Meilluer said his company has heard from customers who, now that they have shopped at the big stores, want a little more. “We’re really seeing a resurgence in people wanting Spartan brand products and Spartan-type format,” Meilluer said. The revamped Jorgensen’s will have competitive prices, along with services like a deli, bakery and fresh meat counter. There won’t be any self-checkout machines, but there will be baggers that can help tote your groceries to the car. “I think Walmart and Meijer have shown what they’re going to be in Greenville and they’ve got a place here, but there’s definitely a need for a small town grocery store, too,” Meilluer said. Jorgensen’s still operates a smaller market on the north side of Greenville, as well as Save-A-Lot stores in the Montcalm County. He said nothing is set in stone yet, but owners hope to reopen the store sometime in July. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts Russo’s to open grocery store in downtown Grand Rapids Wal-Mart opens in Whitehall; local grocer: ‘We welcome them’ $5M investment bringing jobs to Greenville plant Ex-Greenville DPS director enters plea in fraud case Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: Mid-Life Crisis Album Release Party Photos: Local First Street Party 2017 Photos: Grand Rapids Festival of the Arts 2017 Photos: Terra Square Farmers Market opening Photos: Grand Rapids Memorial Day Parade Featured on eightWest Free screening at McDonald’s “Better Hearing Open House” Don’t miss City2Shore’s Slip-N-Slide event Find your summer love with Matchmaker Michigan Look and feel your best with a little help from Skin Envy Hitting the green for vets: fighting emotional and financial turbulence Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 1998-2017 woodtv.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Work For Us Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Karate Kill serves as a throwback to classic ’80s martial arts films July release planned for actioner Tarantino meets Cannon Films in Karate Kill, from acclaimed filmmaker Kurando Mitsutake, on Blu-ray, DVD and VOD July 18. Featuring a “grimly relentless performance” (Japan Times) from Hayate, with solid support from Iron Fist’s David Sakurai and WWE icon Katarina Leigh Waters, Karate Kill will be available on Blu-ray and DVD – exclusive to Target, Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon – on July 18.  VOD will be day and date on iTunes, VHX, Google Play, Fandango, Vudu, Dish, Vubiquity, Comcast, Charter, Cox and Xbox.  A “must see” (Terror Weekend) action masterpiece from the director of Gun Woman and Blind Wolf comes to the U.S. When Karate master Kenji’s (Hayate) young sister (Mana Sakura) is kidnapped by a dangerous cult, and taken to the U.S. he will stop at nothing to find her. Partnered with a mysterious shot-gun toting partner, Kenji must use his mastery of Karate to dismantle the cult members one by one in spectacular and bloody fashion, until he finds his sister. Dark Cuts releases Karate Kill July 18. Media Contact Company Name: OCTOBER COAST PR Contact Person: Ashleigh Davies Email: office@octobercoast.net Phone: 0011 +61 3 99996034 ext. 314 City: LOS ANGELES State: CA Country: United States Website: https://vimeo.com/210799115 CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts & Entertainment, Fitness Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CSR poll: Consumers prefer brands that support their ideals Next PostNext After 50 years of Israeli occupation, ‘now is the time’ to create Palestinian state – UN chief Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Login | Register Advertise | Staff Directory | Subscribe | About Us Loudoun Times-Mirror Home News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Jobs Obituaries Home News Business Government Politics Public Safety Education Communities E-edition Opinions Sports Entertainment Communities Ashburn Hamilton Hillsboro Lansdowne Leesburg Lovettsville Middleburg Purcellville River Creek Round Hill Sterling Classifieds Submit an Ad Professional Services Business & Services Jobs Homes Homes section Homes e-edition Classified submission Obituaries Leesburg’s big boom: Five major developments in the works Monday, Jun. 5, 2017 by Elizabeth Stinnette, Special to the Times-Mirror | 14 comments | Email this story A rendering of activity at Compass Creek’s retail center. Noticed the new construction in and around Leesburg? The town has joined the growth surge as prominent builders are breaking ground on new developments that will bring thousands of homes, restaurants and retails shops to the area. Here's a guide to what's going up and what's going on: Compass Creek At the southeast corner of Battlefield Parkway near the ramp to Route 267, an ambitious 550-acre retail development is in the works, with some businesses potentially opening by early 2018. Compass Creek plans to have 2.5 million square feet of office space, a 150,000 square foot hotel and 550,00 square feet of retail. Developer Peterson Companies has announced that a Walmart will be opening in spring 2019, replacing the one that currently sits at the corner of Edwards Ferry Road and Route 15. Olympic figure skater Luiz Taifas has chosen the development to build a 95,000-square-foot training center for ice skating, hockey and other sports. Crescent Parke Founded as a “bookend” to developer Hobie Mitchel’s Crescent Place, Crescent Parke will go along South King Street next to Olde Izaak Walton Park. Crescent Parke will not only neighbor the park, but incorporate it into its design. As part of the lengthy approval process last year, Mitchel’s Lansdowne Development Group promised to add a fountain and walking path to Izaak Walton’s pond. When finished, Crescent Parke will have 344 units, 70 designated for seniors 55 and older, and 26,625 square feet of retail space. One potential business may include a D.C.-based beer garden. According to Mitchel, the first townhomes and businesses should become available in early 2019. Leegate At the southwest corner of East Market Street and Battlefield Parkway, Leegate will be one of the first developments drivers see as they arrive from the east. The project boasts 187,000 square feet of office space, 326 townhomes, 142 multi-family units and a 140-room hotel on nearly 120 acres. The Leesburg Town Council approved the proposal from Stanley Martin Companies LLC last year, so construction is still in the preliminary stages. The developer did not respond when contacted to ask about an estimated finishing date and potential businesses. Meadowbrook A rendering of Meadowbrook's commercial center. Meadowbrook -- formerly called Leesburg South -- will sit at the intersection of South King Street and Evergreen Mill Road SW, south of the Route 7 exit to Route 15. Construction has already begun on the development’s 400 single-family homes, each on 1/3 to 1/7 acre of land. A complex of amenities, including sports fields, a park and a community garden, are also planned. This summer, developers Traditional Land LLC and Van Metre Communities LLC will be working with the Planning Commission to rezone a portion of the property as commercial. Some of the proposed business types include a gas station, a bank, offices, drive-thru restaurants and a store of more than 100,000 square feet. If approved, the businesses would not be complete until 2020 at the earliest. South King Street Crescent Place builder Donald Knutson hopes the South King Street development will revitalize an aging portion of downtown Leesburg. Approved by Leesburg Town Council in 2016, it will replace several of the buildings on the east side South King Street, bordered by the W&OD Trail to the south and Church Street to the north. Four four-story buildings will house 64 “flats,” or single-level condos, and 4,000 square feet of commercial space. A small park and seating area next to the W&OD trail will provide residents recreational space. Knutson is going through the site plan and hopes to have the first residences open by late 2018. Comments Wed, Jun 07 at 08:35 AM by GoodOleLoudoun | Report this comment Dave and Laugh, Councilman Dunn is likely the only one who voted against all these projects.  Barber and Ross had to go.  MeadowBrook was a bad deal for the Town.  Leegate was also a bad deal.  Crescent Park was not smart.  And Walmart deal in not in Town limits so Council had no say.  However Umstattdt always voted against annexation and thus took away Town input on what is going to be a traffic headache even with Battlefield completed. Tue, Jun 06 at 05:39 PM by David Dickinson | Report this comment Don’t be so cynical Laugh.  As soon as I hit “submit” on my first post I realized that there is a Supervisor who did have a role in this.  I didn’t say the former mayor voted for any of these, I just pointed out that she was on the Council when these were approved. Generally, Umstaddt is much better at saying “no” than your typical politician.  Her development votes typically make sense. If I wanted to throw someone under the bus, I’d throw Dave Butler.  He is responsible for some of these but, thankfully, voters showed him a 3rd place finish out of 3 candidates and he is gone. Tue, Jun 06 at 04:22 PM by FrustratedInLoudoun | Report this comment Are ANY of these awesome developments going to include ACTUAL AFFORDABLE HOUSING for a single parent making less than $50,000 annually gross?  ***crickets*** Bueller?  Bueller?  Yea, I thought so. Tue, Jun 06 at 03:30 PM by Laugh | Report this comment My good friend David Dickinson is doing himself a disservice, by letting his partisanship damage his credibility.  David has, for months now. been a strong advocate for voting no on more residential units in Loudoun County.  And the only current Board of Supervisors’ member who has consistently voted no on more residential growth here in Loudoun County, has been Supervisor Umstattd, formerly the long time mayor of Leesburg.  And David’s misrepresentations of the voting record of then Mayor Umstattd shows that David does not really know much about Leesburg, or even read the above article.  One of the projects mentioned above, is the old Barber and Ross mill factory, that had been closed and abandoned for years, and was not only an eyesore, but was a health hazard.  And the vote for that, actually REDUCED the number of residential units that could have gone on that site.  Another project known as Meadowbrook, then Mayor Umstattd voted no on that one, and another, Cresent Park, was voted on AFTER now Supervisor Umstattd left the council to take her seat as Supervisor.  Compass Creek is described above as being commercial, not residential, and Leegate has been a decades long ago development tract that had nothing to do with then Mayor Umstattd, and the final project, South King Street, has not even gotten to a planning commission.  So, first, David, read the article, and second, don’t attack the only Supervisor actually doing with her votes the very thing you are demanding be done. Tue, Jun 06 at 09:49 AM by ChocolateDinosaur | Report this comment More reasons to actively avoid Leesburg.  How about getting some jobs in there that will support workers purchasing houses?  These rinky dink restaurant and customer service jobs are doing nothing for the local economy. Mon, Jun 05 at 09:45 PM by David Dickinson | Report this comment But, former Mayor Umstaddt who is now Leesburg’s Supervisor did indeed sit on the Town Council that approved all these. Mon, Jun 05 at 09:44 PM by David Dickinson | Report this comment “Do we have any supervisors who sit in this traffic?” All these are in the town and were approved by the Leesburg Town Council.  Supervisors were not involved. Mon, Jun 05 at 09:22 PM by waya | Report this comment Leesburg is already a traffic horror story and it doesn’t sound like road improvements are on the table. Anyone wanting to buy here - buyer beware. Mon, Jun 05 at 08:36 PM by Leesberger | Report this comment This is great news!!!  Tons more congestion and not one job that pays more than minimum wage. Mon, Jun 05 at 08:27 PM by WindingTheImpeachmentClock | Report this comment Oh great…Lot’s of new stop lights and a few turn lanes added right at the development’s entrance and nothing else but more cars on the highway every day.  Do we have any supervisors who sit in this traffic? Mon, Jun 05 at 05:23 PM by WesternSky | Report this comment Schools are fine. Roads are better.  Need another lane at Chick Fil A, and a Trader Joe’s would be appreciated. Mon, Jun 05 at 05:15 PM by Donatello | Report this comment Developers running wild & making money.  No new roads.  Adding to the already terrible traffic jams. Mon, Jun 05 at 04:51 PM by LoudounResident010 | Report this comment Chris, LOL, of course not.  But that’s not the builder’s problem, its ours. Mon, Jun 05 at 03:57 PM by Chris McHale | Report this comment Are the schools going to be able to handle all of the new housing? Post a comment By submitting a comment, you agree to our Terms of Service. You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Comments express only the views of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of this website or any associated person or entity. Any user who believes a message is objectionable can contact us at [email protected] . More News EDITORIAL: A promise deferred on the courthouse grounds In Loudoun’s hot market, Redskins must run or pass on property near Metro ‘Moving in the right direction:’ Old Ashburn Colored School receives historical marker Two students found unconscious at Park View High School in Sterling MS-13 gang member enters Alford plea in fatal 2015 shooting in Sterling As Seen IN PRINT The Loudoun Times-Mirror is an interactive, digital replica of the printed newspaper. Click here for all e-editions. Email UPDATES Headlines delivered to your inbox Special SECTIONS 2017 Family Favorites Spring 2017 Loudouner 2017 Spring Homes Guide 2016 Family Favorites Spring Loudoun Business Journal Spring Prime Time Best of Loudoun 2017 2016 Holidays in Loudoun Loudouner - Fall 2016 Loudoun Fall Homes Back to School 2016 russian News    Opinions    Sports    Entertainment    Communities    Classifieds    Jobs    Homes    Obituaries By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. Copyright © 2009-2017 Loudoun Times-Mirror, a Virginia News Group newspaper.
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Thursday, June 8, 2017 Chatham, ON 9° Sunny Sponsored by: BOBS MOTORSPORT Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion UR Contests Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Weather Become A Carrier Playoff Pool More Local Ontario Canada World News Local POLICE BRIEFS Woman charged in cell theft  Daily News staff Monday, June 5, 2017 3:41:40 EDT PM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error A Chatham woman who was wanted in an alleged cellphone theft at Loads of Love on May 25 has been charged. Police had asked the public for help in identifying a suspect. On May 29, the woman attended the police station on her own terms to speak with the investigating officer. The investigation was left as ongoing at that time. On Friday, the 47-year-old woman was arrested and charged with theft under $5,000 and possession of property obtained by a crime under $5,000. She was released with a court date. Man charged with failure to comply In December of last year, a man was released from custody with a condition not to attend the city of Chatham. On Sunday night, the man was observed inside Walmart by store security with a cart full of fireworks. Police were called and attended the location, but the man had left the store parking lot in a vehicle prior to their arrival. However, through investigation, police learned the description of the vehicle the man left in. The vehicle was stopped on St. Clair Street and he was arrested. The 31-year-old man was charged with two counts of failing to comply. He was held for bail. Firearm-related offences A 19-year-old Chatham man faces several firearm-related charges after a traffic stop on Sunday afternoon. The man was travelling on Victoria Avenue on a black E-bike wearing a large duffle bag on his back. He then turned southbound onto Thames Street without signaling his turn and for that reason, a traffic stop was initiated by an officer who was on general patrol, police said. The officer also had concerns about the safety of the man riding his E-bike with a large duffle bag on his back, so he asked what was in the bag. The man told police he had a pellet gun in there and unzipped the bag so that the officer could look inside. The officer reportedly saw a .22 calibre rifle, along with a magazine loaded with ammunition, police said. In addition, there was no locking mechanism on the rifle or on the duffle bag it was being carried in. He was arrested and charged with the following offences: - Unauthorized possession of a firearm; - Carry a concealed weapon; - Careless transportation of a firearm; - Careless transportation of ammunition. Dental office window broken On April 29, at approximately 1:40 a.m., someone threw a rock through a window of a dental office located at 1231 Dufferin Ave. in Wallaceburg. Access was not gained inside the building and a glass break alarm was sounding when officers arrived, police said. The estimated damage is $500. Anyone with information is asked to contact Const. Nicole Bechard at nicolebe@chatham-kent.ca or at 519-436-6600 ext. 87057. Anonymous callers may call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) and may be eligible for a cash reward. Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Golf Courses Wardsville Golf Club Real Estate Deb Rhodes - Peifer Realty 55+ & Seniors St Andrew's Residence Seniors Day Out Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with Chatham Daily News Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options Chatham View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow Chatham Daily News Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Curling Golf Lacrosse Motorsports Other Sports Playoff Pool Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Contests Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Weather Become A Carrier Playoff Pool Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print Chatham Daily News Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 Chatham Daily News. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, June 08, 2017, 8:38 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Police: Arkansas couple accused of leaving 3 children, dog in hot car By Maggie McNeary This article was originally published June 5, 2017 at 2:51 p.m. Updated June 6, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. Comments (8) aAFont Size A court date has been set for an Arkansas man and woman accused of leaving three children under the age of 5 and a dog in a hot car, according to authorities. James Loren Buffington, 25, and Sonja Ann Marie Jarvis, 20, are set to appear in court June 15 and each face three charges of endangering the welfare of a minor in the second degree and one charge of cruelty to animals, according to a Booneville Police Department report. Police responded to a report of “small children left in a hot car” at the Wal-Mart Supercenter at 1400 E. Main St. in Booneville around 5:40 p.m. May 27, according to the report. [EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox] Authorities found a 4-year-old boy, a 3-year-old boy and a 1-year-old girl, who all “appeared to be sweating and had extremely red cheeks,” the report said. When an officer opened the car door, he said a “hot wave” of air hit him from inside the vehicle. Police said the temperature outside was 92 degrees and that the car, which was running, was blowing hot air. The officer put the children in his police car and gave them water, the report said. A small white dog was also in the car, according to the report. Police found Jarvis, the children’s mother, and her boyfriend, Buffington, inside the store. The officer told the couple that they had left children in a hot car, and Buffington replied that he had left the air conditioner running. Police said the children were in the car for about 16 minutes. The Arkansas Department of Human Services picked up the children, and city Animal Control took the dog, according to the police report. Buffington and Jarvis are being held at the Booneville Police Department in lieu of $2,025 bonds, authorities said. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Mom charged after boy's teeth pulled in Wal-M... Little Rock bomb squad called after apparent ... Little Rock woman robbed at gunpoint while wa... Repeat sex offender sentenced to 30 years for... Police: Arkansas couple accused of leaving 3 ... U.K. attacker a known zealot Body found in lake identified as Arkansas wom... Prosecutors urge no pardon in fatal shooting ... Little Rock man gets 6 years for drunken-driv... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Police: Arkansas couple accused of leaving 3 children, dog in hot car To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 8 of 8 total comments TimberTopper says... June 5, 2017 at 3:10 p.m. They need to get the same lawyer the judge in Hot Springs used. After all his son died and he got no time or punishment. ( permalink | suggest removal ) BigSweetie says... June 5, 2017 at 4:20 p.m. It will be real interesting to see what punishment is past out to this couple. They have probably spent more time in jail as of today then the Hot Springs Judge did. ( permalink | suggest removal ) AuntPetunia says... June 5, 2017 at 4:53 p.m. There is no way they can argue that they "accidentally" forgot three kids and a dog. ( permalink | suggest removal ) hurricane46 says... June 5, 2017 at 6:46 p.m. 20 years old and she already has three kids?, time to have her fixed. ( permalink | suggest removal ) Kharma says... June 5, 2017 at 7:58 p.m. Rat people ( permalink | suggest removal ) KjTucker says... June 5, 2017 at 10:02 p.m. Even deputies with K9's have made this mistake- and cost the dog their life when the car died or the AC stopped working. Kids and pets should never be left alone in a car. Period. ( permalink | suggest removal ) DontDrinkDatKoolAid says... June 5, 2017 at 10:17 p.m. Good post K-T, good post. ( permalink | suggest removal ) Kharma says... June 6, 2017 at 2:11 p.m. Authorities reportedly '... found a 4-year-old boy, a 3-year-old boy and a 1-year-old girl ..." and a dog by themselves in a running vehicle for a reported "... about 16 minutes." Who was watching the kids? The dog? Rat people. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Spy chief said to get request to sway FBI (40 comments) Senators to seek Russia sanctions in Iran measure (1 comment) Trump vows to develop 'first class' infrastructure (2 comments) Ex-FBI director in prepared statement to Congress: Trump told him 'I need loyalty' (11 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: The big game begins (3 comments) Sheriff's office: Arkansas woman says she needs to work on knife skills after cutting husband (16 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video US intelligence chiefs decline to discuss Trump contacts Santa Clara company's stolen goods lead straight to suspects, Suspect IDd in fatal East Bay stabbing stemming from brawl on bus Gas station clerk shot in San Leandro during holdup News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Ivanka Trump's brand distances itself from China shoemaker Multiple threats could lead to downfall of Brazil president The Latest: London attack venue slowly turns toward normal Congressional hearings have a high-stakes history Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Durant takes over Game 3 finale, makes shots that seal Cavs’ Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Giants waste Posey homer in rare Blach defeat Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Chariot expands in S.F. and eyes Seattle, London, Toronto SFO says it’s investigating claims airport workers were 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters High, pizza; virtually better libraries; App Store ratings shift A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Band Aid’ an insightful comedy about a strained marriage The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Wendy Whelan truly a fascinating ‘Creature’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Oakland named a top city for vegans Bay Brews: AB InBev invests in RateBeer, Good Hop turns 3, and Blue Bottle to expand coffee empire on East Coast Peek behind the scenes of one of America's best beer fests, the Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Adorable Glen Park cottage with white picket fence asks $1.295 Midcentury home in Oakland country setting Custom mid-century in Atherton seems to float over redwood Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Woman-charged-with-child-abuse-after-kids-found-11197160.php Woman charged with child abuse after kids found in trunk Updated 9:42 am, Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Police say a woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah. Her children, ages 2 and 5, were taken by the Division of Child and Family Services and handed over to a responsible party, Riverdale City Police Department said in a statement. Police said they received a call Thursday after a witness saw the woman stuff the children in the trunk and leave her car at a parking lot. Police said "The small children ... Media: WochIt Media SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A 39-year-old Utah woman has been charged with child abuse after police say she locked her two young children in her car trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Court documents show Tori Lee Castillo of Ogden has been charged with two misdemeanor counts of reckless child abuse. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking on May 25, so they got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Tori Lee Castillo was arrested when she returned to the car. Police have said state child welfare workers turned the children over to a responsible party. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS SF rents down again year-over-year Ghost Ship convictions might be a tall order Uber CEO has started meditating in Uber's lactation room Phil Collins hospitalized after hotel room fall Santa Clara firm's stolen goods lead straight to suspects Oregon's shameful history as an 'all-white' state Fox News host tears into Trump: You're the problem Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Durant takes over Game 3 finale Did LeBron and Cavs violate concussion protocol? Draymond: Cleveland loves to hate him Thompson and Love went 'dancing' memes Historic photos of climbers on Mount Rainier Half Dome cables are up, trail already busy Oakland named a top city for vegans Oakland zoo unveils $13M restaurant and gondolas Sign of changing Mission: dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Humpback whales return to NYC for first time in a century The fastest selling cars in 20165:09 AM Janis, Jimi, Jorma: Stunning pics of the '67 Monterey Pop Fest Most Popular 1 Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead 2 S.F. Zoo visitor saw 2 victims of tiger attack teasing lions 3 Nevertheless, Kamala Harris Persisted: Senator Told to Pipe... 4 Horoscope for Thursday, 6/08/17 by Christopher Renstrom 5 Did LeBron and the Cavs violate the NBA's concussion protocol? 6 Fox News host tears into Trump: News media is not your problem... 7 Warriors could lose $22 million by sweeping Cavs, per report 8 Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns 9 Teens invent straw that detects date rape drugs, win business... 10 Klay Thompson and Kevin Love went 'dancing' during Game 3 and... LATEST NEWS SF rents down again year-over-year Ghost Ship convictions might be a tall order Uber CEO has started meditating in Uber's lactation room Phil Collins hospitalized after hotel room fall Santa Clara firm's stolen goods lead straight to suspects Oregon's shameful history as an 'all-white' state Fox News host tears into Trump: You're the problem Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Toggle Close Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Wellness Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Subscribe Newsletter Sign Up Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Wellness Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Follow magazinenewsletterSubscribe Fashion Fashion Brands Disagree With Trump Climate Agreement Withdrawal By Leeann Duggan June 5, 2017 facebook dialog Pinterest facebook dialog Pinterest Email Getty Images In the wake of President Trump's decision last week to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement, major American retailers, fashion and technology brands are expressing their disapproval and vowing to continue the fight against global warming, WWD reports. Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank said that he "disagree[d] with the decision," stating "climate change is real and must be taken seriously by our business community, our customers, and our elected officials." You May Also Like FashionChelsea Clinton's Shoes Are So "Damaged" Because She's Busy Getting Shit Done FashionHeidi Klum Is Launching a Brand-New Clothing Line WalMart CEO Doug McMillon stated that he was "disappointed" by Trump's decision to withdraw, but is staying on Trump's advisory council, perhaps in hopes of maintaining influence. Elon Musk, head of electric car manufacturer Tesla, and Disney CEO Bob Iger had previously resigned from the council over Trump's climate decision. Of course, optics play into these decisions — with the President's approval ratings currently hovering just below 40%, public support of Trump's policies has proven to be a liability for some fashion brands. In February, Under Armour's CEO came under fire from customers and celebrity endorsers like Misty Copeland and Stephen Curry for supportive comments about President Trump's "pro-business" agenda. The controversy led to a dip in Under Armour's stock price, while Plank took out a full-page ad in a Baltimore paper to clarify his comments and assure customers that he did not share Trump's stance on immigration, or support Trump's travel ban. New Balance courted a similar controversy when its VP of communications stated that America would "move in the right direction" under Trump, sparking boycotts and videos of former customers burning their shoes. Ivanka Trump's fashion line has also been the subject of boycotts for her involvement in her father's administration and alleged labor violations. Several major retailers like Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus have stopped carrying the line altogether. Meanwhile, environmental sustainability is very much at the forefront of consumers' minds — especially younger ones. Newer brands like Reformation, which makes use of environmentally-friendly vintage and deadstock fabrics, have inspired a rabid following among young shoppers who are equally devoted to the brand's style and sustainability. The brand reports that in the past year, its efforts have conserved 250 million gallons of water, and it also purchases water and CO2 offsets to mitigate its environmental impact. Larger global manufacturers like H&M are taking steps to reduce their environmental impact, too. A spokesperson for H&M tells Allure that currently, 96% of the electricity it uses comes from renewable sources, and it's collected over 39,000 tons of unwanted clothing since beginning its textile recycling program in 2013. The brand is also shifting its production methods so that all its cotton will come from sustainable sources by 2020. Anna Gedda, H&M's Head of Sustainability, tells Allure that the brand “wants to lead by example....to ultimately make fashion sustainable and sustainability fashionable." Catherine Sadler, CEO of creative agency Sadler + Brand, put it even more bluntly to WWD: "Brands cannot afford to be blasé about something as socially significant and emotionally charged as climate change. To do so, in my opinion, is to risk not only the planet's health, but their own." It may be that a new generation of consumers will make it so that a brand's environmental stance is critical to its bottom line — and that could only be a good thing. More on Sustainable Fashion: How Reformation Became the Ultimate Cool Girl Brand for Sustainable Clothes These Huge Brands Are Teaming Up With H&M to Promote Sustainability Reformation Just Revealed Its New Swimwear Line and We Are SHOOK The Simple Facial Scrub Lemon Lovers Will Adore: # Keywords ivanka trumpsustainabilityclimate changeu.s. fashion brandsunder armour # Keywords ivanka trumpsustainabilityclimate changeu.s. fashion brandsunder armour facebook dialog Pinterest Email Collections Best Eye Creams Our editors share their favorite under-eye solutions. Buy ItRead Review Chanel Chanel Le Lift eye cream Read Review Dr. Brandt Dr. Brandt Glow Retinol Eye Cream Read Review Fresh Fresh Crème Ancienne Eye Cream Buy ItRead Review Olay Olay Eyes Ultimate Eye Cream Read Review Burt's Bees Burt's Bees Intense Hydration Eye Cream Read Review Goop by Juice Beauty Goop Perfecting Eye Cream Balmain Ballet Balmain Revealed Its Paris Opera Costumes and We're OBSESSED Would wear this for a night out, TBH. June 8, 2017 Animal Friendly Net-a-Porter Group Goes Fur-Free Fur no more. June 7, 2017 Purse First Steve Madden Accused AGAIN of Knocking Off Another Major Designer Valentino is suing the brand for allegedly copying a purse design. June 7, 2017 Heidi Klum You'll Find Heidi Klum's New Clothing Line at the SUPERMARKET Browse for carrots AND clothing at the same time. June 7, 2017 These Boots Were Made For Walkin' People Are Criticizing Chelsea Clinton's Shoes for Being "Damaged" If this is a crime, we're in trouble. June 7, 2017 Selena Gomez Wore Lingerie on a Date With The Weeknd So pretty in lace. June 6, 2017 Bridging the Gap Gap Brings Together Artists, Athletes, and Activists for Its Newest Campaign Including Priyanka Chopra, Yara Shahidi, and Christie Brinkley. June 6, 2017 In Those Jeans We Found the CUTEST Plus-Size Jeans on the Internet Get into these... literally! June 6, 2017 Sign Up for Our Newsletter Get your daily dose of beauty tips, tricks, and news, sent straight to your inbox.Sign Up Now Subscribe to the Magazine + Get a Free Salon Tote!Subscribe NowSubscribe Now Beauty ProductsTHIS Is How Much Allure Editors' Beauty Routines Cost Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout AllureContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. CNWN Collection
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 65° Low 59° High 84° Fayetteville 55° Low 50° High 79° Bentonville 64° Low 57° High 79° See complete forecast Couple Accused Of Leaving Three Children In Hot Car Posted 1:05 pm, June 5, 2017, by Laura Simon, Updated at 05:37PM, June 5, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video BOONEVILLE (KFSM) – A couple remained behind bars Monday (June 5) after being arrested on suspicion of leaving three young children in a hot car last week. The children are ages 4, 3 and 1 police said. A witness reported seeing the children and a small dog inside of a vehicle parked in the Booneville Walmart Supercenter, arrest reports state. An officer arrived and noticed the car was running, but the children appeared to be sweating, and had extremely red cheeks, the report states. The children had been left alone in the car for about 16 minutes, according to the police report. The officer stated he felt a wave of hot air hit him when he opened the car door, as the heater was on, and it was 92 degrees outside at the time. He removed the children from the car, put them in his police car with air conditioner and gave them water. The children's mother, Sonja Jarvis, and a man, James Buffington, were found in a food aisle inside Walmart and were arrested. Buffington and Jarvis are each facing three counts of endangering the welfare of a minor, as well as one count of animal cruelty, according to the arrest reports. A bond is set for each for $2025. A Department of Human Services employee took the kids into custody, and animal control rescued the dog, according to police.   Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 1 Comment arnold fudpucker Here we go again. Unmarried couple with kids that the taxpayer is no doubt supporting. Bet they are on welfare and drawing every type of gubbamint vote buying benefit they can get their hands on. This is why we don’t need any illegals in this country. We have plenty of bums of our own. June 6, 2017 at 8:45 am Reply Report comment Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular Armed Robbery Ends In Police Chase In Fort Smith, Suspect Identified One Dead, Two Injured In Crawford County Collision Angry Man Denied Assistance Releases Around 100 Bed Bugs In City Office Ada Man Shot Dead While Allegedly Trying To Drown Twins Latest News 4-Year-Old Boy Dies Of ‘Dry Drowning’ Days After Going Swimming UAFS Students Hosting Cemetery Preservation Workshops Over The Summer Mrs. Peters – 4th Grade – Tate Elementary – Van Buren 2017 Ms. Senior Arkansas Pageant News Two Arrested On Suspicion Of Breaking Into Many Cars, One Wanted News Babysitter Jailed After Kids Take Car For Joyride News Bentonville Police Investigate 64 Car Break-Ins Over Four Days News Rogers Couple Facing Charges After Found With Stolen Vehicles News Utah Woman Locked Kids In Trunk While She Shopped, Police Say News Oklahoma Couple Accused Of Breaking Into Vehicles Parked At Trailheads News Police Find Toddler Locked In Cage, 1-Day-Old Baby Left Alone At Pennsylvania Home News 12-Year-Old Virginia Girl Stops Carjacker From Abducting Her Little Sister News 2 Texas Children Die In Hot Car News Fayetteville Man Faces Indecent Exposure Charge News Possible Standoff Between Police & Driver Comes To An End In Roland On US 64 News Tulsa Cop Not Guilty In Fatal Shooting Of Unarmed Black Man Crimestoppers News Couple Accused Of Assaulting, Robbing 70-Year-Old Man Arrested In Pennsylvania Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from Birmingham Can you identify this suspect? Pleasant Grove police asking for public's help Updated on June 5, 2017 at 11:23 AM Posted on June 5, 2017 at 11:19 AM By Carol Robinson crobinson@al.com Can you ID this man? (Pleasant Grove Police)  Police are asking for the public's help identifying a man who used a credit card stolen during a car break-in. The theft happened overnight on April 20 - April 21 from a vehicle in Pleasant Grove, said Lt. Danny Reid. The stolen credit card was used the following day at Walmart on Academy Drive in Bessemer, as well as Waffle House and Circle K in the same area. Police on Monday released this surveillance photo taken from Walmart. The victim, Reid says, does not recognize the man. Anyone with information on his identity is asked to call Pleasant Grove detectives at 205-744-1735. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Gold-colored PS4 Slim spotted and snapped by a… Gold-colored PS4 Slim spotted and snapped by a Target employee Gold 1TB PlayStation 4 probably real, slated for early June launch for $250 By Jon Martindale — Updated June 5, 2017 7:51 am Subscribe Share MeinFewer/Imgur These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Here are the top 25 games that made the SNES, well, super Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you If you still miss your gold N64 controller from the GoldenEye bundle, you can recapture that colorful magic with this upcoming PS4 release. Updated to include additional confirmation that was provided by Target advertisement. Sony looks set to launch a brand-new color scheme for the PS4 Slim a few days before E3, and it’s rather eye-catching. Following pictures of a gold PS4 allegedly taken Target and Walmart employees, a Twitter user has now published images from a Target ad which shows the system and details its pricing and launch date. Although most consoles from all the major manufacturers have almost always had a base color of either black or white, there have been many custom paint jobs and special editions of the different systems available over the years. Although gaudy to some, gold is one scheme that has come up time and again and it looks like Sony may be offering a special version of its system with that choice of aesthetic, too. It has not been confirmed by Sony in any capacity, but the evidence is certainly mounting. The latest leaked information comes from an apparent Target ad for the system. It shows a new marketing shot of the gold PS4, claiming that it comes with a gold DualShock controller and a terabyte hard drive, with a $250 price tag. PlayStation 4 1TB Slim Gold console confirmed for Target ad week of June 11, $249.99. pic.twitter.com/LCOQBN7kAJ &mdash; Wario64 (@Wario64) June 5, 2017 Alongside the PS4 leak, Twitter user Wario64 also showed off other elements from the Target ad, which detail potential deals for consumers, but also bolster the idea of this being a real set of listings, rather than a forgery. The validity of the console’s existence was backed up a pair of Redditors last week, both of whom allegedly snapped pictures of the Gold PS4 Slim, at Target and Walmart, respectively. The latter also pointed out a $250 price tag before the console was rushed away behind closed doors. It’s not clear whether the new system will be launching worldwide or only in the United States, but early June seems like a likely launch date. Although June 9 was initially the claimed launch date, the latest leak suggests it will be more like June 11. Either way, it seems likely to come pre-E3, and therefore not something that would likely be mentioned at the show. That’s not wholly surprising though, as a custom color version of a pre-existing console is rather a small story for a big stage show like E3. Sony previously made a limited edition gold PS4 available in the U.S. as part of a campaign it ran with Taco Bell (as per Gamespot). If the Walmart image is as real as the Target one, this latest release appears not to be linked to a specific retailer.
Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments60+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local Fairfax man charged in ‘upskirting’ incident at a Walmart The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Dana Hedgpeth By Dana Hedgpeth June 5 Follow @postmetrogirl A 53-year-old man was arrested and charged in an “upskirting” incident at a Walmart store in the Fairfax area. The incident happened around 11 a.m. May 14 at the store on Burke Commons Road in Burke. Police said the man used a “recording device” to “unlawfully record up the dresses of a 10-year-old girl and a 36-year-old woman.” When the child’s mother confronted the man, he left the store before law enforcement arrived. He fled the parking lot in a silver or gray Honda Crosstour or a vehicle that looks similar. [Young girl and woman ‘upskirted’ at Walmart] Police said that after receiving an anonymous tip, they arrested and charged Guy Joseph Parsons of Fairfax. He was taken into custody near his home on Wycliff Lane. Parsons was charged with unlawful filming of a minor. Guy Joseph Parsons was arrested and charged in an “upskirting” incident in Fairfax. (Fairfax County Police) local public-safety Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local public-safety Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 60+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues. Follow @postmetrogirl 69 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 An airline tried to get a musician to check her 17th-century violin. A ‘wrestling match’ ensued. 2 How the Jewish identity of ‘Wonder Woman’s’ star is causing a stir 3 Two honor roll students fatally shot in Maryland on eve of high school graduation 4 The United Methodist Church has appointed a transgender deacon 5 ‘I heard him die’: The text messages at the heart of Michelle Carter’s homicide trial The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local public-safety Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters More crime and safety news Capitol Police arrested a woman smoking pot in D.C., but charges were dropped. She’s fighting to get her weed back. Death of fire victim ruled a homicide in the District New allegations made in federal racketeering case against Baltimore police officers   Search Jobs Featured Jobs business intelligence architect General Dynamics software engineer - java (top secret clearance required) General Dynamics cloud-data center infrastructure solutions architect (ts-sci) General Dynamics washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Style Beauty Work & Money Health Entertainment Food News Tech Follow Us Video Shatterbox Behind The Headlines Style Out There Beauty With Mi Try Living With Lucie Featured Docs Style Fashion Unstyled Travel Weddings Home Beauty How To Videos Hair Makeup Skin Care Nails Celebs & Influencers Work & Money Money Diaries Career Advice Personal Finance Tech Life Hacks Health Sex Horoscopes Body Mothership Spirit News 60 Seconds to Fit Entertainment News TV Movies Music Books Pop Culture Food News Tips & Tricks Easy Meals Restaurants Videos News Strong Opinions Politics Reproductive Rights Immigration Tech Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading Walmart Launches Personal Home Delivery The Big Change Walmart Is Making To Compete With Amazon Natalie Gontcharova Walmart has introduced a creative approach to home delivery: The big-box store is now enlisting its employees to deliver packages to customers using their own cars, dropping them off on their way home from work. Advertisement The retailer announced the news on Thursday through its website. Employees will have the option of opting into the program and earn extra bucks while doing it. "Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates, and the business," Marc Lore, the president and CEO of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce program, said on Walmart's blog. According to Time, this is Walmart's most recent attempt to keep up with Amazon Prime's robust next-day delivery service, as well as with stores like Target, another newbie to the fast-delivery scene. Most of the packages will be delivered the next day. Just like Target's program, which is being tested in Minneapolis this summer, Walmart is dipping its toes into the water with a pilot. The program is currently being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Lore said that since 90% of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a Walmart, this program promises to have a big impact. Advertisement "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," he said in the blog post. "It's easy to see why this test could be a game-changer." Time notes that this isn't Walmart's first attempt to grab a slice of Amazon's pie: In January, the company introduced a free two-day delivery service for orders $35 and over to compete with Amazon Prime's free two-day shipping program (offered through its $99 annual membership). In turn, Amazon lowered its free-shipping minimum for non-Prime members to $25. The next-day delivery battle continues. Advertisement Walmart Home Delivery - Amazon Competition Home • Living • News More from Home 10 Under-Bed Storage Solutions To Keep Your Life Organized Home Venus Wong Jun 6, 2017 This New IKEA Collection Will Bring Serious Design Cred To Your Home Home Venus Wong Jun 6, 2017 A Look At The U.S.'s Most Expensive Vacation Homes Home Suzannah Weiss Jun 6, 2017 What It Feels Like To Purge Your Most Beloved Sentimental Objects New Year Do You Jacki Huntington Jan 27, 2016 20 Products You Need For The Dreamiest Bar Cart Home Venus Wong Jun 5, 2017 This Is The Home Product You Need To Have A Fun Summer Outdoors Home Venus Wong Jun 5, 2017 This Couch Is The Answer To All Your Tiny-Apartment Prayers Paid Content Allie Briggs Apr 6, 2017 Your Place Could Be Worth More If You Paint The Walls This Color Home Suzannah Weiss Jun 5, 2017 Justin Timberlake & Jessica Biel Mix Rustic With Modern In Their NYC Penthouse Living Christopher Luu Jun 3, 2017 This Easy Trick Will Transform Your Rental Apartment Home Venus Wong Jun 2, 2017 Gloria Steinem Just Bought This Gorgeous Upper East Side Apartment Home Caitlin Flynn Jun 1, 2017 10 Cool Wine Racks To Show Off Your Bottle Collection Home Venus Wong Jun 1, 2017 These DIY Plant Hacks Will Bring SO Much Life To Your Space Home Venus Wong May 31, 2017 The Obamas Bought The Washington Home They Were Renting Barack Obama Olivia Harrison May 31, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
Don't Miss PHOTO: Capacity crowd AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift: Faith in the future TINKER HISTORY: Pratt & Whitney TF33 engine Hometown Hero takes flight with Thunderbirds PHOTOS: Star Spangled Salute Air Show Johnson honors EMXG for saving broken KC-135 SMXG hiring event spurs 47 job offers Chief’s Choice Award Jessica Cox: ‘Thinking outside the shoe’ Security Forces slides by Supply Chain in playoffs The Tinker Take Off Home About Us Contact Us Air Force news Archives Tinker Take Off Time Off Advertising Classifieds Special Publications Tinker Living 2016-17 The Base Guide and Directory 2015-16 Tinker Base Map 2017 Health and Wellness Guide Saluting Our Veterans Holiday Gift Guide Living in Oklahoma The National Guard Association of Oklahoma Education Guide Real Estate: your home, your life Combined Federal Campaign Home / 2017-05 May 25 - June 1 vol. 75_iss. 21 / Hometown Hero takes flight with Thunderbirds Hometown Hero takes flight with Thunderbirds By: jilliancoleman June 5, 2017 Comments Off on Hometown Hero takes flight with Thunderbirds   Jillian Coleman Staff Writer The United States Air Force Air Demonstration Squadron, more commonly known as the Thunderbirds, headlined the Star Spangled Salute Air Show May 20-21. Part of their tour at Tinker included two media flights with Sarah Klein, Miss Oklahoma 2016, and Midwest City Police Maj. David Huff. Hometown Hero Huff, who in 2014 received the Oklahoma Association of Chiefs of Police Officer of the Year award, has 23 years of service in the force. The major received the honor in recognition of his actions during an incident in June 2013, at a Wal-Mart store in Midwest City. After a man had taken a 2-year-old girl hostage at knife point, threatening violent action, the major shot and killed the man. The child was unharmed. Huff was later awarded the Medal of Valor from then-President Barack Obama. Twelve other law enforcement officers were recipients of the award, the highest national award that can be presented to a public safety officer. Having the opportunity to fly with America’s Ambassadors in Blue, Huff was awestruck as he descended from the F-16 Falcon, the Air Force’s premier multi-role fighter jet. Wide-eyed, the hometown hero described the experience to be “completely unbelievable – a once in a lifetime experience.” “The Thunderbirds display professionalism unlike anything I’ve ever seen,” he added. “I feel truly honored to be here, and I very much appreciate the opportunity to fly today and for the wonderful hospitality they have given me and my family.” The Thunderbirds perform air shows all over the world, showcasing the pride, precision and professionalism of all of America’s Airmen. Through each hour-long demonstration, the Thunderbirds display the capabilities that all fighter pilots must possess, wowing crowds across the globe. Piloting the No. 8 jet is advance pilot and narrator Capt. Erik Gonsalves, who is in his first season with the esteemed demo squadron. “I’ve flown with various celebrities, but never had the chance to fly with someone as heroic as Maj. Huff,” Gonsalves said. “I was honored to fly with him and inspired by his character, which is not only a reflection of him but his family as well.”     9:52 am Mon, June 5, 2017 The Tinker Take Off jilliancoleman Related Articles PHOTO: Capacity crowd June 5, 2017 AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift: Faith in the future June 5, 2017 TINKER HISTORY: Pratt & Whitney TF33 engine June 5, 2017 My Account SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts PHOTO: Capacity crowd AIR FORCE HISTORY: The Berlin Airlift: Faith in the future TINKER HISTORY: Pratt & Whitney TF33 engine Hometown Hero takes flight with Thunderbirds Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 Tinker Take Off 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman WBENC Sets the Stage in Las Vegas for the 2017 Student Entrepreneur Program and Pitch Competition WASHINGTON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) is proud to announce the 20 student entrepreneurs selected for the prestigious 2017 WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) at WBENC’s National Conference & Business Fair in Las Vegas, Nevada from June 18 – 23. The SEP program fosters growth for the next generation of women-owned businesses through a tailored entrepreneurial curriculum and mentoring from certified women-owned businesses and Fortune 500 Corporate Members including Bristol-Meyers Squibb Company, Dell Technologies, Ericsson North America, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Merck, Macy’s Inc, Pfizer Inc., Office Depot, Inc, U.S. Postal Service, and Walmart Stores, Inc. The Title Sponsors for the 2017 program are Allstate Insurance Company and FedEx. Cheryl Harris, Senior Vice President and Chief Procurement Officer of Allstate Insurance Company, reflects on her experience as a mentor with SEP: „WBENC’s Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) emboldens that entrepreneurial spirit in the next generation of women business owners. As a past mentor, I feel it is my duty to continually be a part of this developmental program. SEP fosters the brilliance of these women; empowering them to exercise their ingenuity and influence in advancing the business and local community landscapes – unleashing innovative WBEs into the economy.” „FedEx is proud to support the WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP),” says Sue Spence, Vice President, Sourcing and Procurement at FedEx. „This program has a proven track record of providing essential resources to help encourage the next generation of women business owners. Playing a role in the growth of small businesses is a major focus area for FedEx, and it’s even more exciting to play a role in the development of young women through the SEP program.” Since inception in 2008, more than 150 students from 50 colleges and universities across the country have graduated from SEP. To celebrate WBENC’s 20th anniversary, SEP is welcoming ten alumnae from prior years as mentors to the current participants throughout the week and beyond. This exciting addition is made possible by our 20th Anniversary Alumni Champion Sponsor, Shell Oil Company. As part of the program, the students compete in a pitch competition. In 2016, WBENC awarded $5,000 in seed capital to Ya-El Mandel-Portnoy, founder and CEO of Cardea Sciences; the 2nd and 3rd place participants won $3,000 and $2,000 in seed capital, respectively. This year, the cohort will compete again for $10,000 in seed capital during the EY WBENC SEP Pitch Competition on Thursday, June 22 from 3-5 p.m. at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. Conference attendees are encouraged to attend. This year’s cohort includes students from 17 universities majoring in biomedical, engineering, computer science, business and the arts. All student participants are passionate about their future and have incredible entrepreneurial spirits. Whether they are still in the early stages of launching their startup or looking to advance their business, SEP will give this year’s cohort the tools and resources to become proactive women entrepreneurs. Here are this years’ participants. {in alphabetical order} Carrisa Anderson, Hofstra University Isis Ashford, Prairie View A&M University Jordan Banks, Wake Forest University Emilee Burroughs, Berry College Alex Coren, University of Miami Ashia Davis, Pepperdine University Rebecca Duberman, University of Wisconsin-Madison Queneesha Gregory, Georgia Southern University Nakia Guy, Columbus State University Allison Ingle, Wright State University Sharlena Luyen, Oregon State University Lauren Miller, Wake Forest University Alexa Pete, Prairie View A&M University Sadie Pierce, Mississippi State University Kareman Rawy, Oregon State University Rikki Rummel, University of South Florida Ana Sanchez, Florida State University Parisa Soraya, University of Michigan Mary Taylor Jr, University of Cincinnati Rose Wong, University of Hawaii at Manoa To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wbenc-sets-the-stage-in-las-vegas-for-the-2017-student-entrepreneur-program-and-pitch-competition-300468589.html SOURCE Women’s Business Enterprise National Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsWomen Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Empire Petroleum Announces Acquisition Of Distribution Contracts From Superior Transport, Inc. Next PostNext Lincoln Property Company and Foundry Commercial Complete First Phase of 121 West Trade Building Renovation Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman WBENC Sets the Stage in Las Vegas for the 2017 Student Entrepreneur Program and Pitch Competition WASHINGTON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) is proud to announce the 20 student entrepreneurs selected for the prestigious 2017 WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) at WBENC’s National Conference & Business Fair in Las Vegas, Nevada from June 18 – 23. The SEP program fosters growth for the next generation of women-owned businesses through a tailored entrepreneurial curriculum and mentoring from certified women-owned businesses and Fortune 500 Corporate Members including Bristol-Meyers Squibb Company, Dell Technologies, Ericsson North America, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Merck, Macy’s Inc, Pfizer Inc., Office Depot, Inc, U.S. Postal Service, and Walmart Stores, Inc. The Title Sponsors for the 2017 program are Allstate Insurance Company and FedEx. Cheryl Harris, Senior Vice President and Chief Procurement Officer of Allstate Insurance Company, reflects on her experience as a mentor with SEP: „WBENC’s Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) emboldens that entrepreneurial spirit in the next generation of women business owners. As a past mentor, I feel it is my duty to continually be a part of this developmental program. SEP fosters the brilliance of these women; empowering them to exercise their ingenuity and influence in advancing the business and local community landscapes – unleashing innovative WBEs into the economy.” „FedEx is proud to support the WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP),” says Sue Spence, Vice President, Sourcing and Procurement at FedEx. „This program has a proven track record of providing essential resources to help encourage the next generation of women business owners. Playing a role in the growth of small businesses is a major focus area for FedEx, and it’s even more exciting to play a role in the development of young women through the SEP program.” Since inception in 2008, more than 150 students from 50 colleges and universities across the country have graduated from SEP. To celebrate WBENC’s 20th anniversary, SEP is welcoming ten alumnae from prior years as mentors to the current participants throughout the week and beyond. This exciting addition is made possible by our 20th Anniversary Alumni Champion Sponsor, Shell Oil Company. As part of the program, the students compete in a pitch competition. In 2016, WBENC awarded $5,000 in seed capital to Ya-El Mandel-Portnoy, founder and CEO of Cardea Sciences; the 2nd and 3rd place participants won $3,000 and $2,000 in seed capital, respectively. This year, the cohort will compete again for $10,000 in seed capital during the EY WBENC SEP Pitch Competition on Thursday, June 22 from 3-5 p.m. at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. Conference attendees are encouraged to attend. This year’s cohort includes students from 17 universities majoring in biomedical, engineering, computer science, business and the arts. All student participants are passionate about their future and have incredible entrepreneurial spirits. Whether they are still in the early stages of launching their startup or looking to advance their business, SEP will give this year’s cohort the tools and resources to become proactive women entrepreneurs. Here are this years’ participants. {in alphabetical order} Carrisa Anderson, Hofstra University Isis Ashford, Prairie View A&M University Jordan Banks, Wake Forest University Emilee Burroughs, Berry College Alex Coren, University of Miami Ashia Davis, Pepperdine University Rebecca Duberman, University of Wisconsin-Madison Queneesha Gregory, Georgia Southern University Nakia Guy, Columbus State University Allison Ingle, Wright State University Sharlena Luyen, Oregon State University Lauren Miller, Wake Forest University Alexa Pete, Prairie View A&M University Sadie Pierce, Mississippi State University Kareman Rawy, Oregon State University Rikki Rummel, University of South Florida Ana Sanchez, Florida State University Parisa Soraya, University of Michigan Mary Taylor Jr, University of Cincinnati Rose Wong, University of Hawaii at Manoa To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wbenc-sets-the-stage-in-las-vegas-for-the-2017-student-entrepreneur-program-and-pitch-competition-300468589.html SOURCE Women’s Business Enterprise National Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsWomen Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Empire Petroleum Announces Acquisition Of Distribution Contracts From Superior Transport, Inc. Next PostNext Lincoln Property Company and Foundry Commercial Complete First Phase of 121 West Trade Building Renovation Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman WBENC Sets the Stage in Las Vegas for the 2017 Student Entrepreneur Program and Pitch Competition WASHINGTON, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) is proud to announce the 20 student entrepreneurs selected for the prestigious 2017 WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) at WBENC’s National Conference & Business Fair in Las Vegas, Nevada from June 18 – 23. The SEP program fosters growth for the next generation of women-owned businesses through a tailored entrepreneurial curriculum and mentoring from certified women-owned businesses and Fortune 500 Corporate Members including Bristol-Meyers Squibb Company, Dell Technologies, Ericsson North America, Exxon Mobil Corporation, Merck, Macy’s Inc, Pfizer Inc., Office Depot, Inc, U.S. Postal Service, and Walmart Stores, Inc. The Title Sponsors for the 2017 program are Allstate Insurance Company and FedEx. Cheryl Harris, Senior Vice President and Chief Procurement Officer of Allstate Insurance Company, reflects on her experience as a mentor with SEP: „WBENC’s Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP) emboldens that entrepreneurial spirit in the next generation of women business owners. As a past mentor, I feel it is my duty to continually be a part of this developmental program. SEP fosters the brilliance of these women; empowering them to exercise their ingenuity and influence in advancing the business and local community landscapes – unleashing innovative WBEs into the economy.” „FedEx is proud to support the WBENC Student Entrepreneur Program (SEP),” says Sue Spence, Vice President, Sourcing and Procurement at FedEx. „This program has a proven track record of providing essential resources to help encourage the next generation of women business owners. Playing a role in the growth of small businesses is a major focus area for FedEx, and it’s even more exciting to play a role in the development of young women through the SEP program.” Since inception in 2008, more than 150 students from 50 colleges and universities across the country have graduated from SEP. To celebrate WBENC’s 20th anniversary, SEP is welcoming ten alumnae from prior years as mentors to the current participants throughout the week and beyond. This exciting addition is made possible by our 20th Anniversary Alumni Champion Sponsor, Shell Oil Company. As part of the program, the students compete in a pitch competition. In 2016, WBENC awarded $5,000 in seed capital to Ya-El Mandel-Portnoy, founder and CEO of Cardea Sciences; the 2nd and 3rd place participants won $3,000 and $2,000 in seed capital, respectively. This year, the cohort will compete again for $10,000 in seed capital during the EY WBENC SEP Pitch Competition on Thursday, June 22 from 3-5 p.m. at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino. Conference attendees are encouraged to attend. This year’s cohort includes students from 17 universities majoring in biomedical, engineering, computer science, business and the arts. All student participants are passionate about their future and have incredible entrepreneurial spirits. Whether they are still in the early stages of launching their startup or looking to advance their business, SEP will give this year’s cohort the tools and resources to become proactive women entrepreneurs. Here are this years’ participants. {in alphabetical order} Carrisa Anderson, Hofstra University Isis Ashford, Prairie View A&M University Jordan Banks, Wake Forest University Emilee Burroughs, Berry College Alex Coren, University of Miami Ashia Davis, Pepperdine University Rebecca Duberman, University of Wisconsin-Madison Queneesha Gregory, Georgia Southern University Nakia Guy, Columbus State University Allison Ingle, Wright State University Sharlena Luyen, Oregon State University Lauren Miller, Wake Forest University Alexa Pete, Prairie View A&M University Sadie Pierce, Mississippi State University Kareman Rawy, Oregon State University Rikki Rummel, University of South Florida Ana Sanchez, Florida State University Parisa Soraya, University of Michigan Mary Taylor Jr, University of Cincinnati Rose Wong, University of Hawaii at Manoa To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wbenc-sets-the-stage-in-las-vegas-for-the-2017-student-entrepreneur-program-and-pitch-competition-300468589.html SOURCE Women’s Business Enterprise National Council CategoriesUncategorized TagsWomen Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Empire Petroleum Announces Acquisition Of Distribution Contracts From Superior Transport, Inc. Next PostNext Lincoln Property Company and Foundry Commercial Complete First Phase of 121 West Trade Building Renovation Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Keesler Federal Credit Union is coming to Petal - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Keesler Federal Credit Union is coming to Petal 2017-06-05T15:14:13Z2017-06-05T15:14:13Z By WDAM Staff Email Connect social@wdam.com Keesler Federal Credit Union has broken ground on a new branch in Petal, MS. Source: Keesler Federal PETAL, MS (WDAM) - Keesler Federal Credit Union has officially broken ground on its new branch in Petal, MS. Keesler Federal is proud to be joining the Petal Community with this new branch, located at 1119 Evelyn Gandy Parkway, just west of the WalMart Supercenter in front of Lowe’s and Tyner Road. The branch is slated to open in December 2017.  Keesler Federal is well-known in the community for offering financial services at exceptional value. Services in Petal will include full loan and teller services, safe deposit boxes, commercial services and drive through service. Newground is the Design-Build firm for this beautiful new branch.   Established in 1947, Keesler Federal Credit Union is the largest Mississippi-based credit union in the state, with assets of over $2.5 billion. Serving over 200,000 members worldwide, the credit union has 26 branches located in South Mississippi, Jackson, MS, Louisiana and the United Kingdom.  For more information about the credit union call 1-888-KEESLER or visit www.kfcu.org. Copyright WDAM 2017. All rights reserved.  News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Three suspects missing after GPS devices fail Three suspects missing after GPS devices fail Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:43 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:43:36 GMT Mack (L), Perry (M), and Patterson (R) (Source: MPD) The Memphis Police Department is looking for three suspects, all of whom failed to comply with the GPS monitoring program by not keeping their devices charged which is in violation of their bail conditions.More >> The Memphis Police Department is looking for three suspects, all of whom failed to comply with the GPS monitoring program by not keeping their devices charged which is in violation of their bail conditions.More >> Deputies catch man wanted for roofing repair scam Deputies catch man wanted for roofing repair scam Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:39 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:39:14 GMT (Source: DeSoto County SD) Shelby County Sheriff's Office arrested a man they said is a serial con-artist that scammed multiple victims. More >> Shelby County Sheriff's Office arrested a man they said is a serial con-artist that scammed multiple victims.More >> Video of dad, daughter shows off problem-solving abilities of simple hug Video of dad, daughter shows off problem-solving abilities of simple hug Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:13 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:13:17 GMT (Source: Instagram/@pop_vazquez) An Instagram user’s video went viral after he showed the power of a hug. More >> An Instagram user’s video went viral after he showed the power of a hug.More >> Law enforcement raids Memphis home Law enforcement raids Memphis home Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:04 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:04:42 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Law enforcement raided a home in Castalia Heights on Thursday morning. More >> Law enforcement raided a home in Castalia Heights on Thursday morning.More >> Clarksdale barber transforms homeless man with haircut, trim Clarksdale barber transforms homeless man with haircut, trim Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:28 AM EDT2017-06-08 11:28:50 GMT (Source: Facebook/Dave Houston) A barber in Clarksdale, Mississippi, is receiving plenty of praise online after sharing before and after pictures of a homeless man he gave a haircut and beard trim to. More >> A barber in Clarksdale, Mississippi, is receiving plenty of praise online after sharing before and after pictures of a homeless man he gave a haircut and beard trim to.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Need a smile? Video of 'eyebrow stamp' testing goes viral Need a smile? Video of 'eyebrow stamp' testing goes viral Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 3:32 PM EDT2017-06-07 19:32:04 GMT If you are having a bad day and need a reason to smile, a video of a reporter testing out an eyebrow stamp could be just the thing you need.More >> If you are having a bad day and need a reason to smile, a video of a reporter testing out an eyebrow stamp could be just the thing you need.More >> Investigators open grave to retrieve Investigators retrieve tablet from buried 8-year-old's casket Investigators retrieve tablet from buried 8-year-old's casket Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 6:36 PM EDT2017-06-07 22:36:46 GMT New developments Wednesday in the investigation into the death of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary student. More >> New developments Wednesday in the investigation into the death of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary student.More >> Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:22 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:22:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:22 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:22:18 GMT Lady Antebellum and Earth Wind & Fire perform "September" at the conclusion of the CMT Music Awards at Music City Center on Wednesday, June 7, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn. (Photo by Wade Payne/Invision/AP) Country music stars won't be the only ones at the 2017 CMT Music Awards, which will also feature Hollywood stars like Ashton Kutcher and musicians such as Peter Frampton and Earth, Wind & Fire. The show will be...More >> Country music stars won't be the only ones at the 2017 CMT Music Awards, which will also feature Hollywood stars like Ashton Kutcher and musicians such as Peter Frampton and Earth, Wind & Fire. The show will be held Wednesday in Nashville, Tennessee.More >> Comey hearing: Refresher on Russia-Trump investigation Comey hearing: Refresher on Russia-Trump investigation Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-07 22:56:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:34 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:34:04 GMT James Comey will appear before the Senate for the first time since being fired. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File) James Comey, the former FBI director, is set to testify Thursday to say, in part, that the president requested he drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.More >> James Comey, the former FBI director, is set to testify Thursday to say, in part, that the president requested he drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.More >> Louisiana massage therapist murdered during morning appointment Louisiana massage therapist murdered during morning appointment Kayla Ann Denham, 24 (Source: Facebook) A Louisiana massage therapist was found murdered after going to appointment.   More >> A Louisiana massage therapist was found murdered after going to appointment.  More >> Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:28 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:28 GMT Comey's account of demands for loyalty from the president and of requests to end an investigation into an embattled adviser are likely to sharpen allegations that Trump improperly sought to influence the FBI-led probe.More >> Comey's account of demands for loyalty from the president and of requests to end an investigation into an embattled adviser are likely to sharpen allegations that Trump improperly sought to influence the FBI-led probe.More >> VIDEO: Man jumps into moving car to save driver VIDEO: Man jumps into moving car to save driver Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:24 AM EDT2017-06-08 11:24:37 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:24 AM EDT2017-06-08 11:24:37 GMT The man saw the driver was having a seizure and rushed to save him. More >> The man saw the driver was having a seizure and rushed to save him.More >> 2-year-old dies after suspected tick bite 2-year-old dies after suspected tick bite Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:27 AM EDT2017-06-07 05:27:00 GMT Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:27 AM EDT2017-06-07 05:27:00 GMT The family wants to get the message out to other families that they should always check for ticks.More >> The family wants to get the message out to other families that they should always check for ticks.More >> Police: Mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom Police: Mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:07 AM EDT2017-06-08 06:07:40 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:07 AM EDT2017-06-08 06:07:40 GMT The boy told his brother one of his teeth was loose but the other wasn’t, charging documents say. More >> The boy told his brother one of his teeth was loose but the other wasn’t, charging documents say.More >> Teens dance with loaded gun in school bathroom on Snapchat Teens dance with loaded gun in school bathroom on Snapchat Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 7:52 PM EDT2017-06-07 23:52:55 GMT Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 7:59 PM EDT2017-06-07 23:59:48 GMT Police arrested two teens after they shared a video of themselves playing with a loaded gun at school. More >> Police arrested two teens after they shared a video of themselves playing with a loaded gun at school.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... ABC News report on Comey-Trump investigation still uncorrected Media — 0s ago Liberal group MoveOn calls for Trump to be impeached Blog Briefing Room — 0s ago Maine senator: Intel chiefs’ evasiveness on Trump means 'there was something to discuss’ Senate — 3m 35s ago The sexist way we pile on Hillary Clinton and stifle women in democracy Contributors — 8m 24s ago Intelligence Committee Dem to call Comey firing ‘utterly shocking’ Blog Briefing Room — 21m 43s ago Senate Judiciary Dem: Trump 'crossed a line' Senate — 22m 23s ago How Trump can turn to the private sector to keep our waterways afloat Contributors — 28m 24s ago US attorney fired by Trump attends Comey testimony Blog Briefing Room — 32m 44s ago view all   Bring real consumer choice back to Medicare Part D By B. Douglas Hoey, opinion contributor - 06/05/17 10:43 AM EDT 69   © Getty Images According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, the Medicare Part D program has approximately 41 million beneficiaries and 746 prescription drug plans. During the open enrollment period seniors use the Medicare Plan Finder to determine which option best fits their needs. The amount of information can make your eyes glaze over. Add to this, Medicare Part D ‘preferred pharmacy’ plans, which advertise attractive “savings” for seniors. But there is a catch. These plans were first introduced to the public by Walmart and Humana in 2010. Beneficiaries receive discounted copays for purchasing prescription drugs from designated in-network retail or mail order pharmacies. They have proliferated with more offerings each succeeding year. Unfortunately, many beneficiaries are lured into the plans by promised “savings,” only to receive an unwelcome surprise once they start using these plans: they learn that their favored local pharmacy is not in the preferred network. America has approximately 22,000 independent community pharmacies, many in underserved areas that tend to lack the ‘preferred pharmacy’ tag because they don’t have the influence with the PBMs and plan sponsors that tend to create these plans. As a result, seniors in most instances pay higher copays if they choose to continue getting their prescription drugs from their longtime neighborhood pharmacy. Here’s why it matters: A study commissioned by the National Community Pharmacists Association (NCPA), found that "patients' personal connection with a pharmacist or pharmacy staff is the top predictor of medication adherence." That’s important because according to the Network for Excellence in Health Innovation (NEHI), approximately $290 billion a year is wasted on improper medication use. In other words, we should facilitate, not hinder, the ability of patients to choose their pharmacy because it can ultimately lead to better health outcomes at a lower cost. The fact is, preferred pharmacy networks can undermine that objective. For example, a Medicare study found more than half of the preferred pharmacy plans (54 percent) failed to meet the government's threshold for reasonable access to pharmacies in urban areas. In many rural areas, the closest ‘preferred pharmacy’ can be more than 20 miles away. That means many seniors or their caregivers not only have to travel long distances to the preferred plan’s designated pharmacy, but they’re also forced out of longstanding relationships with their neighborhood pharmacist. The alternative, especially for those on fixed-incomes who genuinely need the discounted copay, is mail order pharmacies, where the only patient-pharmacist interaction comes through a toll-free phone number. Most often, the creators of preferred pharmacy networks are pharmacy benefit managers — the drug middlemen who also happen to own those mail order pharmacies they’re pushing patients to use. These plans do not mandate seniors use one pharmacy over another, but the financial incentive is often persuasive for seniors, especially those on fixed incomes.   So what is the best way for promoting less spending on prescription drug copays, while encouraging greater medication adherence and consumer choice in Medicare’s preferred pharmacy plans? The answer is simple. Congress should pass the Ensuring Seniors Access to Local Pharmacies Act of 2017, which would allow pharmacies located in medically underserved areas to participate in Part D ‘preferred pharmacy’ networks, provided they accept the contract terms and conditions under which in-network providers operate. The companion bills are generating bipartisan support, led by elected officials who have long championed this fix. The original sponsors for S. 1044 were Sens. Shelley Moore CapitoShelley Moore CapitoOvernight Healthcare: Key GOP centrists open to ending Medicaid expansion | Trump blames Dems for slow pace of health bill | Fractured Republicans weigh options Key GOP centrists open to ending Medicaid expansion Fractured Republicans get options on healthcare MORE (R-W.Va.), Joe ManchinJoe ManchinManchin: I’m not going to rule on obstruction of justice What to watch for in Comey’s testimony Intel hearing becomes curtain-raiser for Comey MORE (D-W.Va.), Tom CottonTom CottonTrump adviser calls for reauthorization of foreign surveillance Intel hearing becomes curtain-raiser for Comey The Hill's 12:30 Report MORE (R-Ark) and Sherrod BrownSherrod BrownSenate push for new Russia sanctions gains momentum Senate trying to insert Russia sanctions into popular Iran bill Schumer links debt hike to tax cuts MORE (D-Ohio), while the original sponsors for H.R. 1939 were Reps. Morgan GriffithMorgan GriffithCut FDA red tape so doctors can better treat patients Bring real consumer choice back to Medicare Part D How a 141-year-old rule could revolutionize the budget process MORE (R-Va.) and Peter WelchPeter WelchBring real consumer choice back to Medicare Part D House Dems to WH: Revoke Kushner’s security clearance Five roadblocks for Trump’s T infrastructure plan MORE (D-Vt.). By assuring a level playing field where more pharmacies can offer discounted copays and patients are free to choose their own pharmacy, the legislation would create more competition and not cost any more money to seniors or the taxpayers who fund Medicare. Healthcare decisions should be made by patients, not by giant corporations looking to tilt the marketplace in their favor. Passing the Ensuring Seniors Access to Local Pharmacies Act of 2017 can fix this. B. Douglas Hoey, RPh, MBA, is CEO of the National Community Pharmacists Association. Follow him on Twitter @RPhDouglas The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Shelley Moore Capito Morgan Griffith Sherrod Brown Peter Welch Joe Manchin Tom Cotton   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 What to watch for in Comey’s... Former FBI Director James Comey will make his first public appearance... 797 Shares 2 Live coverage: Comey testifies... Keep up with The Hill for live coverage of James Comey's testimony. 565 Shares 3 Pence cancels interview with PBS Pence was running late during a trip to Houston on Wednesday, his office... 450 Shares 4 Outside groups rally to back up... The reinforcements have arrived. As President Trump stares down one of the... 428 Shares 5 The key players to watch at Comey’... The eyes of the nation will be on the Senate Intelligence Committee... 394 Shares 6 Comey’s dramatic account on Trump... President Trump repeatedly sought to influence the FBI’s investigation... 393 Shares 7 Exclusive: GOP lawmaker talked... Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) has boasted about how much money he’s made for... 390 Shares 8 49 questions for James Comey Senators in both parties have been salivating at the chance to ask James... 268 Shares 9 CNN issues correction after Comey... CNN has corrected a Tuesday report after the release of former FBI... 259 Shares 10 DC bar to offer free drinks for... A Washington bar is offering a round of drinks every time President Trump... 250 Shares 11 US attorney fired by Trump has... A former U.S. attorney who was fired by President Trump earlier this year... 237 Shares 12 Former FBI agent: 'I literally... A former FBI agent said he felt "completely disgusted" after reading the... 228 Shares 13 Puerto Rico goes to the polls for... Looking for the Spanish version? Click here.Puerto Rico’s government is... 228 Shares 14 Counsel to Watergate prosecutors... A former U.S. deputy solicitor general who helped prosecute Watergate says... 202 Shares 15 Trump’s FBI pick a ‘warning shot’... President Trump's choice to nominate an FBI director with ties to New... 150 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Full Alliance Group, Inc. (OTC PINK: FAGI) Announces Robert Heggie as Newest Member of its Advisory Board PALM SPRINGS, CA / ACCESSWIRE / June 5, 2017 / Full Alliance Group, Inc. (OTC PINK: FAGI) announces addition of Robert Heggie to its Advisory Board. Robert Heggie was raised in British Columbia, Canada, where he studied psychology and English on a full scholarship at Simon Fraser University. He completed his studies at the British Columbia Institute of Technology, (BCIT) becoming a Certified Engineering Technician with an emphasis in civil & structural engineering. His early career evolved into property management with responsibility for over 2,000,000 square feet of government buildings for one of British Columbia’s largest building companies. Mr. Heggie is currently managing director of HK Retail Concepts, Inc., a retail consulting company located in Palm Desert, CA that focuses on third party programs to and with major retailers. He built HK into an internationally-recognized leader in this boutique market, with duties to include franchising, mediating, licensing, retail consulting, business and marketing plan creation, and branding. The HK Company’s primary focus, however, is launching new concepts and products. HK’s current and previous clientele include Target, Wal-Mart, Hudson’s Bay Company, Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus and Macy’s. HK Concepts most recent success story is Sayuki Custom Cosmetics, a single location retail store. Within 24 months HK facilitated opening locations in Bloomingdales, Holt Renfrew and Neiman Marcus. Then in 2016 Sayuki was acquired by L’Oreal for $150 million dollars. As Founder / partner, Robert has been working with James and John Cameron since 2012 and the Human Health Organization: www.humanhealth.org, www.vaporcade.com, www.getsafecig.com and www.justmizu.com. He also founded www.falconsix.com, www.marielsblisscuits.com, www.optimetravel.com and is Chairman Advisory Board for http://www.twintowerstradingglobal.com/site-management/ and www.twintowerstrading.com – operating in 16 countries, it is one of the largest event based marketing companies. Robert’s impressive track record brings unparalleled experience to FAGI in the marketing and branding of its Latitude32 cosmetics, nutraceuticals and medical CBD infused lines. Robert’s first task will be to advise and assist FAGI management on how to aggressively market and brand its current and future product lines. Sincerely, Jacob Thomas Chairman of the Board / CEO Forward-Looking Statement: This shareholder update may contain a number of forward-looking statements. Words, and variations of words such as „expect,” „goals,” „plans,” „believe,” continue,” „may,” „will,” and similar expressions are intended to identify our forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, our expectation for growth; benefits from brand-building; cost savings; growth and margins. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, continued volatility of, and sharp increase in, costs, pricing actions, increased competition, risks from operating internationally, continued consumer weakness, weakness in economic conditions and tax law changes. SOURCE: Full Alliance Group, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Breast Pump Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext Carlos Santana & Cindy Blackman Santana Join Forces with The Isley Brothers (Ronald and Ernie) on Power of Peace, a New Album Celebrating the Timeless Sounds of Funk, Soul, Blues, Rock, Jazz and Pop Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Health Check Entertainment Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week Roadrunners Report It! Community Community Calendar Pets Someone You Should Know Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Scholar Athlete of the Week Obituaries Official Contest Rules Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC FOX 43 KTMJ Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 63° F Clear Hi: 82° F Lo: 61° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Health Check Entertainment Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Latest Headlines Electrical malfunction blamed for east Topeka fire Updated: 18 mins ago The fire caused an estimated $18,000 in damage. Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Updated: 54 mins ago “I think they’re going to try to make an example out of her because of the political climate right now.” Former bandmates remember Chris Cornell with empty spotlight 7:25 am Things to know about ex-FBI head’s James Comey’s testimony 7:24 am Legal experts: Trump’s comments inappropriate, maybe worse 7:23 am Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 63° F Clear Feels Like: 63° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 90% Dewpoint: 60° F Sunrise: 5:56 AM Sunset: 8:47 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week Roadrunners Latest Headlines Durant pushes Warriors to 3-0 lead in NBA Finals June 7, 2017 Kevin Durant made a go-ahead 3-pointer with 45 seconds left and the Golden State Warriors took a 3-0 in the NBA Finals by beating the Clevel… Royals score early, hang on to beat Astros 7-5 June 7, 2017 Jason Vargas tossed five solid innings for his eighth victory, Cheslor Cuthbert drove in three runs and the Kansas City Royals defeated the … Rookie manager Connor Crimmins poised to lead Golden Giants June 7, 2017 Oklahoma football coach Bob Stoops announces retirement June 7, 2017 KU Athletics budget will increase to $93.3 million next year June 7, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Pets Someone You Should Know Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Scholar Athlete of the Week Obituaries Official Contest Rules Latest Headlines Adopt-A-Pet: June 8, 2017 7:07 am You can get the adoption process started at the Helping Hands Humane Society in Topeka. Helping Hands employees recognized for their years of service June 7, 2017 Michele Mainey and Margaret Price of Helping Hands Humane Society were given the Champions of Character Award on Wednesday. “Girl Power” taking on a whole new meaning in Topeka June 7, 2017 “Pull a Plane Challenge” to benefit Ronald McDonald House this Saturday June 7, 2017 911, lemonade emergency! Officers visit wannabe cop’s stand June 6, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC FOX 43 KTMJ Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 63° F Clear Hi: 82° F Lo: 61° F 1 person taken to hospital after car hits pole in south Topeka By Brian Dulle Published: June 5, 2017, 9:24 am Updated: June 6, 2017, 7:55 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – Emergency crews were on scene in south Topeka after a car hit a utility pole. The incident took place on 37th and Kirklawn just before 9:00 Monday morning, near the south Topeka Walmart. Crews on scene tell KSNT News one person was taken to an area hospital with non-life threatening injuries. It is unknown at this time what caused the accident. An official said that the driver hit the light pole and three mail boxes before coming to a stop. .@KSNTNews Car being loaded onto the flatbed now. pic.twitter.com/IPos8mmD6w — Nate Tacey (@natetacey) June 5, 2017 Accident on 37th near Kirklawn. Car hit pole. One person sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. pic.twitter.com/J2IyOu2mgZ — Alec Gartner (@AlecGartnerKSNT) June 5, 2017 .@KSNTNews Car into pole on sw 37th just east of walmart. pic.twitter.com/WHfRAOmXBh — Nate Tacey (@natetacey) June 5, 2017 Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Two car accident sends one to hospital 2 Hayden High School students taken to hospital after crash TPD releases names of those involved in Sunday shooting Teen in custody after Topeka car chase Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Close Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police - Brownsville Herald: Texas Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 77° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Gladys Porter Zoo to hold docent training The Gladys Porter Zoo will be hosting a monthly docent training session for people age 18 and over who want to become zoo volunteers. Posted: June 07 rss Texas News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Under Trump, old deportation orders get new life NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants Former Jacksonville officer guilty in child sex abuse case Alleged leaker's parents fear Trump will be tough on case Former first lady Barbara Bush celebrates 92nd birthday Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Chris Webber finally a dad after 'many years of trying' AP Retired NBA star Chris Webber has become a dad after what he says was "many years of trying." Posted: June 08 Arts And Entertainment, General News, Sports More From The Latest The Latest: Dabrowski-Bopanna win mixed doubles title Groenefeld eying another mixed doubles title in Paris Lincoln Riley, 33, takes over as Oklahoma's football coach Warriors set to make their claim as NBA's best ever Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar All Valley Sports Awards Banquet Tickets Home News Texas Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police Story Comments Image (6) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Yi-Chin Lee Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police In a Thursday, May 18, 2017 photo, Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo spends a moment talking to 10-year-old Marleny Diaz and her father, Manuel Diaz, after a public community forum focusing on immigration at Tejano Center for Community Concerns, in Houston. In the six months since taking charge, the former Austin police chief has set a furious pace overhauling a frayed department struggling with slowing response times, aging equipment, a dwindling corps of officers and growing pressure nationwide over law enforcement's use of force. (Yi-Chin Lee/Houston Chronicle via AP) Yi-Chin Lee Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police In a Wednesday, May 10, 2017 photo, Houston Police Department Chief Art Acevedo salutes the fallen Harris County deputies during the Annual Harris County Sheriff's Office Peace Officers' Memorial Service, in Houston. In the six months since taking charge, the fast-talking former Austin police chief has set a furious pace overhauling a frayed department struggling with slowing response times, aging equipment, a dwindling corps of officers and growing pressure nationwide over law enforcement's use of force. (Yi-Chin Lee/Houston Chronicle via AP) Yi-Chin Lee Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police In a Tuesday, May 23, 2017 photo, Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo speaks during a Command Staff Meeting at Houston Police Department Headquarters, in Houston. In the six months since taking charge, the former Austin police chief has set a furious pace overhauling a frayed department struggling with slowing response times, aging equipment, a dwindling corps of officers and growing pressure nationwide over law enforcement's use of force. (Yi-Chin Lee/Houston Chronicle via AP) Mark Mulligan Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police In a March 1, 2017 photo, Houston police chief Art Acevedo comforts Victoria Jarmon, who is a cousin of De'Maree Adkins, after a balloon release in memory of 8-year-old De'Maree, in Houston. who was killed in an apparent drive-by shooting. In the six months since taking charge, the former Austin police chief has set a furious pace overhauling a frayed department struggling with slowing response times, aging equipment, a dwindling corps of officers and growing pressure nationwide over law enforcement's use of force. (Mark Mulligan/Houston Chronicle via AP) Yi-Chin Lee Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police In a Wednesday, May 24, 2017 photo, Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo eaves his RV and heads to work in Houston. Acevedo has been living in his RV at a RV resort on the south side for the past six months. (Yi-Chin Lee/Houston Chronicle via AP) Yi-Chin Lee Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police In a Tuesday, May 23, 2017 photo, Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo, right, heads an executive staff meeting at Houston Police Department Headquarters, in Houston. In the six months since taking charge, the former Austin police chief has set a furious pace overhauling a frayed department struggling with slowing response times, aging equipment, a dwindling corps of officers and growing pressure nationwide over law enforcement's use of force. (Yi-Chin Lee/Houston Chronicle via AP) Posted: Monday, June 5, 2017 10:41 am | Updated: 11:00 am, Mon Jun 5, 2017. Chief Art Acevedo marks 6 months leading Houston police Associated Press | HOUSTON (AP) — The radio crackled with reports of a New Year's holiday shooting in south Houston. Art Acevedo rushed to the scene to find a patrol officer picking up shell casings for evidence. 'What are you doing?" he asked. The patrolman looked up, confused. His new boss was standing over him. "Chief, detectives don't come to these scenes unless somebody's dead or on the verge of death," the surprised officer told him. The Houston Chronicle reports Acevedo, who had taken charge of the Houston Police Department just a month before, delivered a message to his command staff the next day: No more bankers' hours. "The only entity really working 24/7 was patrol," he recalled, "and violent crime was happening at all hours of the night." It was a telling moment for how Acevedo would lead one of the nation's largest police departments: Hands-on, decisive, outspoken, a bit unorthodox and likely to show up in unexpected places. In the six months since taking charge, the fast-talking former Austin police chief has set a furious pace overhauling a frayed department struggling with slowing response times, aging equipment, a dwindling corps of officers and growing pressure nationwide over law enforcement's use of force. Acevedo, the first Latino tapped to lead the Houston department, quickly began meeting with civil rights groups and civilians, promising transparency and accountability, while assuring officers — and their union — he's got their back. He has publicly opposed the state's political leaders over the controversial "sanctuary cities" legislation and backed new funding for the city, all in the name of public safety. Internally, he created a new unit to investigate officer-involved shootings, prioritized investigations of gun crimes, revamped the department's command structure and altered uniform policies to accommodate the Houston heat and officer tattoos. And after the troubled roll-out of body cameras under his predecessors, he is working to equip officers with cameras that turn on automatically to avoid the perception they have something to hide. Acevedo acknowledges some decisions aren't popular. "People don't like change, cops especially don't like change; it's human nature," he said. "We're an organization on the move, and there are very few things we can't change." At police headquarters at 1200 Travis, mementos clutter Acevedo's office: an array of "challenge coins" from departments across the country, two British constables' helmets and a slew of Star Wars memorabilia, from lightsabers to Darth Vader statues. "I knew from day one, scary as that character was... somewhere in that helmet there was good in there," he said. Portraits of his three children line his desk, along with photos from important moments in his career. Under the glass that covers his desk, he keeps a worn, folded piece of paper, a reminder of one of his worst days. The young daughter of an Austin police officer gave him the drawing of an angry bird after her father was shot and killed in a Walmart parking lot in 2012. Neon green letters scrawl across one side in a child's shaky writing. Years later, he still keeps in touch. "I keep this as a reminder of what matters — our friends and family," said Acevedo, choking up as he unfolded the worn green paper. "If you stop caring, it's time to leave." On a wall nearby hangs another prized possession, a postcard his father sent him after his graduation from the California Highway Patrol training academy in 1986. "He who perseveres, triumphs," the note reads, in Spanish. An affable 52-year-old, Acevedo is the youngest of four, born in Cuba to parents who fled the Castro regime and settled in California. Acevedo considered serving in the military or working as a prosecutor, but ultimately decided to be a police officer — like his father had been in Havana — and joined the highway patrol. He rose swiftly through the ranks before assuming command of the Austin Police Department in 2007, where he overhauled an agency under Department of Justice review. At his core, Acevedo champions "relational policing," arguing that officers should view every interaction with residents as an opportunity to create rapport. "The more we do to forge relationships of trust and respect, the better result for everyone," Acevedo said. Everywhere he goes, Acevedo works the room. He stays late after community meetings to shake hands and take selfies with residents. He freely dispenses his cellphone number — even reading it aloud in crowded meeting rooms — and interacts on social media, posting photos of himself playing soccer with schoolchildren. In a recent four-day stretch, the chief spoke at an immigration forum, pedaled into the office on the city's "Bike to Work" day, paid his respects at a memorial for HPD officers who died in the line of duty, had breakfast with the League of United Latin American Citizens and attended a youth police advisory meeting, then capped off a Sunday afternoon by tossing out a "slow ball special" at Minute Maid Park. "He has more energy than any individual I've ever met," said one commander, who, like a dozen other officers interviewed by the Chronicle, did not want to be identified. In the midst of his ceremonial duties, Acevedo remains a patrolman at heart. While returning from a recent meeting in west Houston, he stopped abruptly to check out a fender-bender on Interstate 10. "What's going on here? Everyone ok?" he asked the drivers, before waving them on to clear the scene. "Ok, let's go. Let's go!" Acevedo also rushes to the scenes of more serious incidents, including one in southwest Houston where a gang member shot two officers investigating burglaries. The chief gathered information and personally briefed reporters. "Most police people like to say, 'Sorry, it's under investigation, no comment,'" said former police chief and city councilman C.O. Bradford. "What he's doing is simply trying to relay to the general public, 'This is transparency — this is what I can give you at this point.'" The chief began making inroads as soon as he started Dec. 1. He moved to town immediately, living in a gleaming RV on the city's south side while he buys a house. His wife and youngest son will join him this summer. He said he found a department "that wasn't running on all cylinders" in the way it deployed resources, its mission of protecting Houstonians complicated by the shortage of officers, hardware and money. And then there is the revenue cap, which limits the city's ability to raise taxes. Mayor Sylvester Turner is pushing to get the cap lifted. "The community has no idea how starved this department is," Acevedo said. Like a veteran politician, he brings up the revenue cap at virtually every meeting, reminding everyone that Houston has just 400,000 fewer residents than Chicago but 7,000 fewer officers. "The revenue cap is killing this city," he told a group of seniors in west Houston. "Know how many cities in Texas have a revenue cap? One. We have got to start resourcing the police department ... When you call 911, when do you want a police response? Immediately." Despite the fiscal challenges, Acevedo is pushing ahead with internal changes. The unit investigating officer-involved shootings began working in April with 16 officers, four sergeants and two lieutenants. Two other specialized units — one to tackle non-lethal gun crimes and another for what he termed "the worst of the worst" criminals across the city — are also in the works, along with a new division to police north Houston. Body cameras are a top priority. The devices don't begin recording until they are turned on by officers, as evidenced by the fatal police shooting of Alva Braziel in south Houston last year: The city released video amid community pressure but the cameras did not capture details of the shooting. Acevedo wants cameras that turn on automatically when officers step out of their cruisers. Besides the structural changes in the department — which include consolidation of the command structure and a sea of promotions — Acevedo said he's taking steps to improve morale. He greets virtually every HPD employee — officer or otherwise — as he passes them in the halls or on the street. He's become a frequent presence on the streets and in stations across the city, and drops in at union events. "I can't lead them if I don't have a sense of what they're facing," he said. He changed department policy to allow officers to wear uniforms better-suited to Houston's summers — no more wool in August — and cut paperwork so officers can spend more time on patrol or investigations. "We have the lowest starting pay of any big city in the state of Texas," he said. "I'm trying to improve their overall quality of life... giving them less reasons to leave." Acevedo's approach, however, has alienated some officers, who say he "shoots from the hip" without thinking through his decisions and leaves staff scrambling to fulfill his mandates. When he proposed changing the department's iconic badge, for example, Acevedo got pushback from the rank-and-file, and ultimately backed off. "I feel like we're jumping from one lily-pad to another," one commander said. "We're making moves so fast, I'm having to try to calm officers down and justify what we're doing. when I don't even have a whole lot of certitude about what we're doing." Some members of the department's higher echelons were unwilling to discuss their new chief's track record publicly, but complain privately that his laid-back leadership style and some decisions make the department appear less professional. Allowing officers to display tattoos for the first time drew criticism from some older officers. And one frustrated high-ranking commander recalled Acevedo attending a meeting with his executive staff wearing a sweat suit and flip-flops. "That professional image that you have — that's all been ... stripped away," the commander said. Others, however, say the chief's approach, while unconventional, is badly needed after years of institutional thinking. "He's very down to earth; he's very sociable with his executive staff," another commander said. "He's coming in and making some changes to things that probably needed to be changed." Notably, Acevedo has avoided any serious confrontations so far with the bane of many other police chiefs: the officers' union. "We just haven't had many issues with him we would need to battle him on - and he's a big proponent of getting buy-in from everyone," said Joseph Gamaldi, vice president of the Houston Police Officers Union, acknowledging that Acevedo is still benefiting from a "honeymoon" phase. "While we may not agree with every decision he makes, on most issues we're able to reach compromise," he said. One of Acevedo's first tests with the community involves the passage of a new state "sanctuary cities" law, which punishes police departments that prohibit employees from asking residents about their immigration status. Tensions ran high at a recent forum, where local activists accused Acevedo and the mayor of not doing enough to fight the law. Acevedo, however, penned opinion columns that appeared in the Chronicle and across the state opposing the legislation, and he testified in Austin that the law would make the city less safe. That didn't satisfy some local activists, who have pushed for the city to challenge the law in court. "It's kind of a mixed message to see him say he understands that the community is afraid, but at the same time to reiterate there is enough being done right now," said Oscar Hernandez of the Houston chapter of United We Dream. "It's really hard for me to say there's been any drastic change within the police department, if I'm honest with you." Other civil rights activists — who have often found themselves at odds with the department over use of force — have praised Acevedo's visibility during high-profile situations. "If you talk to anyone in the community, they'll tell you that he's not standoffish and he believes the police ought to be part of the community," said James Douglas, president of the Houston branch of the NAACP, which has worked with police on issues from civil rights to gang violence. Quanell X, a local civil rights activist who frequently butts heads with police, said Acevedo is "a breath of fresh air." "The man truly believes in two things," he said. "He believes in accountability for his officers, and he supports and is a big fan of community-police relationships." Vincent Dickson, spokesman for the People's New Black Panther Party, another frequent critic, knows personally about Acevedo's hands-on approach. After Dickson got into a car crash in April, a police car pulled up. Acevedo stepped out. "How often does that happen?" Dickson asked. "It was kind of cool to have the head guy in charge show up when you had a traffic accident." Other observers, meanwhile, say Acevedo's reforms are pushing HPD's supertanker-sized organization in a new direction. "Police departments tend to be command-and-control, top-down military-style organizations," said Mustafa Tameez, a local political consultant who conducts media training for Houston police cadets. "It's very difficult to change the culture in large organizations ... and in a very short amount of time, I think he's had a significant impact." On a rare break one morning from his many meetings, Acevedo sat at the long table in his office, mulling the future. After months of political wrangling, the city had reached agreement over a major financial challenge endangering public safety, resolving concerns over pensions. He'd asked his command staff to free up overtime money for foot and bike patrols, to get officers back into local communities. One of his captains was getting a new Northbelt Field Division up and running. The citywide tactical unit and the "Lucky 13" — a team that would be investigating nighttime shootings — were just about to get started. The mayor had charged Acevedo with making the city safer and building better relationships with the community. "Public safety permeates through everything," Turner said. "You can't become so narrow in scope.that you become ineffective in your ability to function. ... Chief Acevedo understands that, and he's in an excellent position to speak to all of those issues, to all of the issues that impact a police officer's ability to perform in the community and to keep people safe as well as keep themselves safe." Still, battles loom. Hundreds of patrol cars need to be replaced. The repercussions from the sanctuary cities law is still playing out. The revenue cap remains a stumbling block to better resources, and recent budget cuts could mean one less cadet class and a hiring freeze for civilian support staff. Acevedo shifted in his chair. "We're got so many projects going," he said. "So many moving targets. So many balls in the air." The day's schedule beckoned. Moments later, he headed out the door. ___ Information from: Houston Chronicle, http://www.houstonchronicle.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News Europe in focus as ECB keeps rates on hold and Britain votes ARTICLE: The Latest: ECB president sees inflation still subdued The Latest: Chad recalls envoy from Qatar amid Gulf dispute The Latest: Chad recalls envoy from Qatar amid Gulf dispute ARTICLE: The Latest: Chad recalls envoy from Qatar amid Gulf dispute More about Gang-related Crime London attacker's mom blames internet for radicalizing son London attacker's mom blames internet for radicalizing son London attacker's mom blames internet for radicalizing son London attacker's mom blames internet for radicalizing son London attacker's mom blames internet for radicalizing son More about Violent Crime The Latest: Relatives want to take Spanish victim home ARTICLE: The Latest: Relatives want to take Spanish victim home ARTICLE: The Latest: Egypt condemns IS-claimed Iran attacks Iran says 5 Tehran attackers had fought for Islamic State Iran says 5 Tehran attackers had fought for Islamic State Discuss Print Posted in Texas on Monday, June 5, 2017 10:41 am. Updated: 11:00 am. | Tags: General News, Gang-related Crime, Violent Crime, Crime, Visual Arts, Arts And Entertainment, Shootings, Automotive Accidents, Transportation Accidents, Accidents, Accidents And Disasters, Transportation, Laws, Legislation, Legislature, Government And Politics, Gun Violence, Violence, Social Issues, Social Affairs, Police, Law Enforcement Agencies, Political Activism, Political Issues, Human Rights And Civil Liberties, Houston Shooting, Municipal Governments, Local Governments, Lead Markets, Base Metal Markets, Metal Markets, Commodity Markets, Financial Markets, Business | Location Tags: Austin, Texas, United States, North America, Houston Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Simple upgrades and habit changes can... Brandpoint (BPT) Moving tips, services to make militar... Brandpoint (BPT) Home innovations that protect against... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying a Home: How to Know How High t... 5 steps that can improve your credit ... Brandpoint (BPT) 7 'little' upgrades that can mean a l... Brandpoint (BPT) A smarter way to buy a home Brandpoint (BPT) 10 tips to save money, cut stress whe... Brandpoint (BPT) Want to catch homebuyers' eyes? Follo... Brandpoint (BPT) How to use color psychology to influe... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes BRAND NEW APARTMENTS FOR RENT IN EDINBURG Updated: 5:01 am 22 Ft Storage Boxes $1,500. Rear Roll-Up Door, Several In-Stock $1,500 Updated: 5:01 am Call: 956-383-6295 956-551-7845 Updated: 5:01 am More Homes Cars 2015 CHEVY SILVERADO 4X4 2500 HIGH COUNTRY MUST DRIVE LOW MILES. Updated: 5:01 am 2016 AUDI A7 ALL POWER VERY FAST MUST DRIVE. Updated: 5:01 am 2015 Chevrolet Impala LTZ, NEW BODY STYLE, NICE CAR. William posted: June 08 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Simple upgrades and habit changes can... Brandpoint (BPT) Moving tips, services to make militar... Brandpoint (BPT) Home innovations that protect against... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying a Home: How to Know How High t... 5 steps that can improve your credit ... Brandpoint (BPT) 7 'little' upgrades that can mean a l... Brandpoint (BPT) A smarter way to buy a home Brandpoint (BPT) 10 tips to save money, cut stress whe... Brandpoint (BPT) Want to catch homebuyers' eyes? Follo... Brandpoint (BPT) How to use color psychology to influe... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals The Best and Worst Things to Buy in June By Guest Blogger on June 5, 2017 Photo by oliveromg / Shutterstock.com The Best and Worst Things to Buy in June 0 Click to follow Money Talks News This post comes from partner site DealNews.com. Lingerie June has traditionally been a great month for lingerie sales, and few stores can rival the Victoria’s Secret Semi-Annual Sale, which typically lasts three to four weeks. As we note in our analysis, discounts get better toward the latter half of the sale — rising from a maximum of 50 percent at the beginning of the month, to up to 70 percent off, plus stackable coupons, during the last week. Also, the threshold for free shipping drops from $100 to $50 over the course of the sale. As a result, we encourage shoppers to wait a few days and take advantage of the more aggressive discounts that come later in the month. In terms of purchases, we recommend looking at deals that offer low per-unit prices when you buy multiples, such as three bras for the price of two, or five pairs of panties for $27. All told, you’ll save as much as $30 per item on dresses and loungewear, plus $6 off with free shipping. Although the Victoria’s Secret Semi-Annual Sale is the most prominent lingerie sale this month, it is by no means the only one. Last year, Macy’s, Kohl’s, American Eagle and Frederick’s of Hollywood all had competitive deals, including bundles of bras and panties. Outdoor gear June sees a 72 percent bump in Editors’ Choice deals on outdoor goods. Which is great news! Normally, seasonal goods don’t go on sale until the end of the season, and prices on camping, fishing and hiking supplies will definitely drop when cold weather moves in. But this is a rare opportunity when you can pick up these items in time to use them for summer. We’ve seen especially good deals on Ozark brand camping items from Walmart, and Daiwa fishing gear at Dick’s and Cabela’s. You can find tents for $50, sleeping bags for $10 and fishing reels for two for $30. Also check REI Outlet for similar deals. Food and crafts for Dad Contrary to popular belief, we don’t see particularly good tool deals leading up to Father’s Day (this year’s is Sunday, June 18). We do however see some nice coupons at restaurants, so you can treat dear ol’ Dad. Last year, Olive Garden cut 20 percent off to-go orders, Outback Steakhouse took 15 percent off your entire check, and Hooters offered 10 free wings with purchase of 10 wings and a drink. For something a little more lasting, look for free or cheap workshops to make Father’s Day gifts. Home Depot offered a Build a Father’s Day Trophy Smartphone Holder Workshop for free for children ages 5 to 12. (Plus, kids got to keep their craft and receive a certificate of achievement, workshop apron and commemorative pin.) And Michael’s had a card-making workshop for $2, which included supplies (which is still cheaper than most store-bought cards). Free fishing permits This month, several states will allow free fishing on public bodies of water without requiring a fishing license in celebration of National Fishing and Boating Week. Normally, those licenses cost anywhere from $25 to hundreds of dollars depending on where you live and what type of fishing you’ll be doing. (Many states have 1-day licenses that typically cost around $10 as well.) Before you head out, check our fishing gear deals, which more than double in June from the month before. $1 family movies Many parents are already starting to go bonkers this month with kids out of school, and there are many weeks still to go. Your local cinema is here to help, offering $1 movie tickets on second-run family titles (translation: all the films are rated G or PG, and they first came out at least a few months earlier). Regal and Cinemark both have such programs, which may have begun already. But every location has a different schedule, so check your local theaters to see what’s playing and when. Fresh produce Depending on where you live, your local farmers markets may have been looking a little anemic last month. (Plenty of root vegetables, and not much else!) But, finally, all the bounty of the summer growing season is going to start rolling in. You’ll probably see the effect even at big supermarkets, where the price for a pint of blueberries or strawberries will drop some 50 percent from midwinter highs. What you’ll get on sale this month really depends on where you are. But much of the country can expect berries, cucumbers, leafy greens, summer squash and zucchini, tomatoes, corn and peaches to start popping up in June. In conventional supermarkets, these items will be cheaper than they were over the winter. At farmers markets, it’s tough to compare since they simply wouldn’t be in stock over the winter. Organic local produce is usually expensive, but tends to pay off in quality. Gardening supplies Speaking of growing things, maybe you’ve got flowers or vegetables at home. Now that the spring planting season is over, stores are eager to off-load excess gardening tools and supplies. June provides lots of price lows on sprinklers, mulch, hose nozzles and more. These items are pretty affordable to begin with, but saving a few bucks on each will add up. Gym memberships With people exercising outside, parents staying home with kids, and many going away on vacations, summer is a very slow time for gyms. Head in to get a deal on your membership (remember, to strengthen your negotiating position, don’t be afraid to walk away at any point — or at least let them think you will). If you can’t get a discounted rate, at least try to get a month or two free, no money down, and/or free classes and training sessions. Next » It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,574 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,574 happy subscribers 122,956 12,192 How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property 6 Cellphone Secrets That Can Save You Hundreds of Dollars a Year 10 Strategies to Save Big Bucks on Amazon You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products Earn Up to $2,700 a Year Watching Videos, Answering Surveys Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase Trending Stories 5 Trends New College Grads Need to Know to Land a Great Job It can be tough getting that first "real job" out of school, but you can improve your chances with these insights from a major job placement site executive. Fixing Your Cracked iPhone Screen Is Getting Easier — and Cheaper It's Boating Season: How to Buy a Boat and Not Sink Your Budget 5 Tips for Helping Boomerang Kids Without Bankrupting Yourself How to Buy a House — Getting the Best Deal on a Mortgage How a $1,000 Investment Can Make You a Millionaire 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,574 happy subscribers 122,956 12,192 Comments MTN Solutions Center Find help with: Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Debt Collectors Social Security Find the best: Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan 2,088 Active Deals Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 20 hr ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 4 days ago At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free via this printable coupon. Some exclusions may apply. Click here to find a location near you. Coupon expires June 15. Jersey Mike's Subs Buy 1, get 2nd free At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 5 hr ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Today only until 10 pm ET, Dick's Sporting Goods cuts up to 70% off a selection of apparel, shoes, sporting goods, electronics, and more during its Flash Sale. (Select items may have higher discounts; most prices are as marked, although select discounts apply in cart.) Shipping adds $5.99, although orders of $25 or more qualify for free shipping, as do most apparel and footwear purchases. (Large items may incur additional fees, as free shipping only covers up to $15 off the shipping cost. In-store pickup is also available for select items.) A couple of best bets: Slazenger Men's Tech Solid Golf Polo for $19.98 + pickup (pictured, $25 off) Field & Stream Sportsman 40° Sleeping Bag for $20 + $6 s&h ($20 off) Dick's Sporting Goods Flash Sale: Up to 70% off + free shipping w/ $25 Today only until 10 pm ET, Dick's Sporting Goods cuts up to 70% off a selection of apparel, shoes, sporting ... Read more. Updated: 28 min ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 2 days ago TechRabbit cuts up to 94% off a selection of electronics as part of its Father's Day Super Gifts Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. TechRabbit Father's Day Sale: Up to 94% off + free shipping TechRabbit cuts up to 94% off a selection of electronics as part of its Father's Day Super Gifts Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 17 hr 1 min ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 1 week ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 19 hr ago United Airlines via DealBase offers United Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $48.20. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "United Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes by at least $24. This price is valid on flights departing from Chicago, IL, (ORD) with arrival in Columbus, OH, (CMH) on September 19. This sale includes 85 routes, including New Orleans, LA, (MSY); Buffalo, NY, (BUF); Atlanta, GA, (ATL); and more. Book this travel deal by June 8 for travel from August 22 through December 13. Prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. United Airlines Nationwide Fall Fares from $48 1-Way United Airlines via DealBase offers United Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $48.20. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 20 min ago Gap offers its Gap Men's Everyday Stretch Slim Fit Khakis in Natural for $24.99. Coupon code "WARMER" drops that to $14.99 and bags free shipping. That's $19 under our April mention, a $57 savings, and the best deal we've seen. They're available in select waist sizes from 29 to 36 in length 32 only. Deal ends June 8. Gap Men's Everyday Stretch Slim Fit Khakis for $15 + free shipping Gap offers its Gap Men's Everyday Stretch Slim Fit Khakis in Natural for $24.99. Coupon code "WARMER" drops that to ... Read more. Updated: 41 min ago T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 6 days ago Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $43.98. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Southwest Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's the lowest price we could find for select routes today by at least $18, although we saw such fares for $2 less last week. This price is valid for flights departing on September 5 from Boise, ID, (BOI), with arrival in Spokane, WA, (GEG). This sale includes 200 routes, including Chicago, IL, (MDW); San Francisco, CA, (SFO); Orlando, FL, (MCO); and more. Note that blackout dates and other conditions may apply. Book this travel deal by June 8 for stays from August 22 through December 13. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Southwest Nationwide Fall Fares from $44 1-way Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $43.98. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 18 hr ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 12 hr ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.29 $4.22 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: Shipping is now 15 cents. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + free shipping Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.29 $4.22 with free shipping. That's tied with ... Read more. Updated: 20 hr 36 min ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 18 hr ago Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 2 days ago Apple announced its new Apple HomePod. This Siri-controlled speaker is powered by an A8 chip — the same found in the iPhone 6. It features an array of six microphones, Apple Music integration, beam-forming 7-speaker tweeter array, and woofer. It will cost $349 and ships in December. Apple HomePod Announced for $349 Apple announced its new Apple HomePod. This Siri-controlled speaker is powered by an A8 chip — the same found in ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 23 hr ago For in-store pickup only, Walmart offers the Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray Bottle for $6.47. This online rebate drops it to $0. That's tied with our mention from a week ago and the lowest price we could find by $7. It creates a mirror-like shine that lasts for up to four weeks. Rebate expires July 31. Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray for $0 after rebate + pickup at Walmart For in-store pickup only, Walmart offers the Black Magic Intense Tire Wet 23-oz. Spray Bottle for $6.47. This online rebate ... Read more. Updated: 2 hr 54 min ago Rockport offers its Rockport Men's Balabour Slip-On Shoes in Dark Tan for $59.97. Coupon code "FF40" cuts it to $35.98. With free shipping, that's a great deal and the lowest price we could find by $33. They're available in size 10 only 9.5 to 13. Deal ends June 12. Rockport Men's Balabour Slip-On Shoes for $36 + free shipping Rockport offers its Rockport Men's Balabour Slip-On Shoes in Dark Tan for $59.97. Coupon code "FF40" cuts it to $35.98. ... Read more. Updated: 5 hr 44 min ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 9 hr ago Rockport takes an extra 40% off sale items via coupon code "SHOEFAM". Or, score an extra 40% off items in the Rockport Outlet via coupon code "FF40". Plus, all orders receive free shipping. That's the best general-use coupon we've seen this year. Deal ends June 11. Rockport Sale: Extra 40% off + free shipping Rockport takes an extra 40% off sale items via coupon code "SHOEFAM". Or, score an extra 40% off items in ... Read more. Updated: 23 hr 41 min ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 16 hr ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: May 17, 2017 Dick's Sporting Goods cuts $25 off orders of $100 or more when you check out with PayPal. Plus, orders that qualify for this discount will receive free shipping, but some oversize items incur additional surcharges. That's the best dollar-off coupon we've seen at Dick's Sporting Goods. Some exclusions apply, including sale and clearance items. Deal ends June 9. A couple of best bets, each with prices after discount: Gamma Voltage Pickleball Paddle for $84.99 (low by $16) Razor Power Core E90 Electric Scooter for $104.99 (pictured, low by $8) Note: This coupon can only be used once per account. Dick's Sporting Goods: $25 off $100 w/ PayPal + free shipping Dick's Sporting Goods cuts $25 off orders of $100 or more when you check out with PayPal. Plus, orders that ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 21 hr ago MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off and the lowest price we could find. They feature an in-line microphone. Note: Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Update: It now includes a 50 cent small order fee. Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones for $4 + free shipping MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 39 min ago Walmart discounts a selection of K&N Oil Filters. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid a $5.99 shipping fee. That puts each at significant price lows, as listed below: K&N KN-154 Oil Filter for $1.96 (pictured, $6 low) K&N KN-185 Oil Filter for $1.98 ($3 low) K&N KN-172B Oil Filter for $3.41 ($11 low) K&N KN-611 Oil Filter for $3.56 ($5 low) K&N Oil Filters from $2 to $4 + pickup at Walmart Walmart discounts a selection of K&N Oil Filters. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid a $5.99 shipping fee. That puts ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 17 hr ago Fulllove360 via eBay continues to offer this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.22 plus 15 cents for shipping. That's tied with last week's mention and the lowest price we could find today by $3. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: It now includes free shipping. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + 15c s&h from Malaysia Fulllove360 via eBay continues to offer this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.22 plus 15 cents for shipping. ... Read more. Updated: 17 hr 29 min ago Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our mention from two weeks ago and the lowest price we could find by $11. It features a magnetic closure. Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $25 + free shipping Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 3 days ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,574 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,574 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,956 12,192
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Is Sony Making a $249 Gold PS4? (Update) Michael Andronico Associate Editor Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Sony's PlayStation 4 could soon get cheaper -- and a whole lot shinier. According to various photos and Reddit threads, a 1TB, gold-colored PS4 is on its way to stores. Image Credit: Imgur / MeinFewerMore Image Credit: Imgur / MeinFewer Reddit user Christopher Maxim, who posted photos of the console, reportedly tried to purchase the new PlayStation at a Walmart before causing the store's registers to lock up. Days later, a leaked Target ad surfaced that seemingly confirms the console's existence. According to the ad, the gold PS4 is a "limited edition" model that will sell for a discounted $249 and launch the week of June 11. Image Credit: FreeStuffFinder.comMore Image Credit: FreeStuffFinder.com Interestingly, that's the same week that E3 2017 kicks off, with Sony's big showcase slated for June 12. Will the company officially announce the new PS4 at its E3 press conference? Or is Sony clearing stock of entry level PS4s to make way for something new? We'll have to wait and see. Based on the pictures, this new PS4 looks identical to the slimmed-down model that was introduced last September, just with a glossy gold coat of paint. You can already buy its corresponding gold controller on Best Buy, which leads us to believe that this new refresh is legitimate. MORE: PS4 Pro vs. PS4: Which PlayStation is Right For You? On top of looking nice, this 1TB gold PS4 is $50 cheaper than what Sony's standard 1TB model retails for. If you haven't picked up a PS4 yet, you might want to wait a week. Of course, if you want to enjoy 4K gaming, you'll have to spring for the $399 PS4 Pro. Sony's E3 2017 showcase kicks off on June 12 at 6pm PT in Los Angeles, where we expect to hear about a slew of new games as well as some potential hardware news. We'll be on the ground at gaming's biggest show, so stay tuned for all the big announcements and tons of hands-on impressions. See also : 16 Tips Every PS4 Owner Should Know Our Favorite PS4 Games PS4 vs. Xbox One: Which Console Is Right for You? The Best External Hard Drives for PS4 and Xbox One Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech The big issues we want Apple to address in macOS High Sierra Yahoo Finance No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech
null
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Pentagon addressing climate change•How the political climate affects feds•New VA workforce bill Headlines Get Email Alerts U.S. News Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Officer fired over charges… Officer fired over charges he shoplifted about $10 of meat By The Associated Press June 5, 2017 8:50 am < a min read Share BRADFORD, Pa. (AP) — A Pennsylvania police officer has been fired over charges that he shoplifted about $10 worth of meat from a local Wal-Mart. Citations filed against 45-year-old Shayne Miller allege the Bradford patrolman stole packages of meat worth between $4.50 and $5 on April 21 and April 26. Online court records don’t list an attorney for Miller who has been mailed the citations, but not yet scheduled a hearing on either. Police Chief Chris Lucco told The Bradford Era (http://bit.ly/2rWkSij ) on Sunday that Miller is no longer employed after an internal investigation. Mayor Tom Riel says Miller was fired effective May 26. Advertisement The mayor and chief issued a joint statement on the firing saying they normally don’t comment on personnel matters but did in this instance to maintain a “level of transparency.” Related Topics U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Officer fired over charges… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories GSA to reorg TTS into acquisition service; new FAS commissioner named Top Story OMB, Office of American Innovation on a 90-day sprint to develop new hiring, cloud policy ideas Technology Is it time to reshuffle the political deck? Your Turn Federal Register print version called a waste of paper Modernizing Congress Shulkin offers first glimpse at new VA Choice plan Veterans Affairs Fed Photo of the Day NASA introduces 2017 astronaut class Today in History 1949: FBI identifies communists in Hollywood THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 07, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9695 0.0029 2.80% L 2020 25.7044 0.0083 4.59% L 2030 28.7611 0.0149 6.52% L 2040 31.0293 0.0188 7.46% L 2050 17.8228 0.0125 8.30% G Fund 15.3420 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9233 -0.0250 2.57% C Fund 33.8583 0.0597 8.67% S Fund 43.6091 0.0202 4.96% I Fund 28.3402 -0.0086 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Middlesex County Tracy Morgan refuses to testify about his N.J. crash settlement Posted on June 5, 2017 at 8:13 AM 8 Gallery: Tracy Morgan returns to 'Saturday Night Live' By Jeff Goldman jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com, NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Comedian Tracy Morgan has no interest in sitting for a seven-hour deposition about the eight-figure payout he received after nearly being killed in a crash on the New Jersey Turnpike three years ago. Although the 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live star was ordered to testify by Walmart's insurance company, his lawyer told PageSix.com that "Deposing Tracy Morgan will lead to nothing." Morgan was critically injured when the limo bus he was riding in with friends on his way home from a gig in Delaware collided with a Walmart truck during a six-vehicle collision in Cranbury on June 7, 2014. A fellow comedian and friend, James McNair, died in the wreck. Morgan reportedly received a $90 million payout the following year, but his lawyer said that figure is not accurate. The attorney has refused to disclose that actual mount. Walmart's insurer, Ohio Casualty, says Morgan exaggerated his injuries.  A judge will decide June 19 if Morgan has to testify, PageSix.com said.  Truck driver Kevin Roper pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and other charges in a plea deal to avoid prison time. Roper admitted he continued driving while feeling fatigued. Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Sponsor Gold Hits $700 by 2018? Here’s Where to Stash Your Cash Instead Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: vanguard | bogle | index | fund | invest Bogle's Vanguard Actually Is Good at What It Does (AP/Mark Lennihan) By Barry Ritholtz   |   Monday, 05 Jun 2017 08:16 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Unless we are constantly vigilant, too many things in print pass without comment and are accepted as true. And so it is with a weary heart that I am compelled to offer a counterpoint to a recent argument that takes issue with Vanguard Group Inc.'s business model. Before we get into the details, a few disclosures: I am a fan of low-cost investing. The Vanguard Effect has been called by my Bloomberg Intelligence colleague Eric Balchunas “A private-sector wealth-transfer machine has saved average investors $1 trillion.” I personally own a variety of Vanguard funds, as do my clients. I like Vanguard a lot. The company, with about $4 trillion under management, certainly doesn’t really need me to defend it; its success speaks volume. However, the article, "Vanguard's Irritating Perch on the High Moral Guard," does raise issues that deserve a response, starting with: If being a “nonprofit” is so good in the asset management industry, then why don’t we see it elsewhere? Let’s note that Vanguard isn't a nonprofit -- it is mutually owned by its investors. In a mutual, instead of dividends that come out of profits, money is returned to investors in the form of reduced costs for services. It is an extremely tax-efficient arrangement. You see the mutual structure in lots of places -- primarily insurers, which have used it for centuries, but also in savings and loan associations, in banking trusts, community banks as well as credit unions. Let's consider another statement: The U.S. is allegedly a capitalist country, so, you see, this is what grinds people’s gears about the whole movement in low-cost, passive-style index funds and why people go around equating them to communism. Clients may be better served if the financial services industry adopts a nonprofit business model. This is perplexing. Vanguard has offered price-based incentives that financial-services consumers have responded to. What could be more capitalistic than that? The technology and consumer industries have seen continuous price pressure. As those sectors and products have matured, and as economies of scale have come into play, prices have fallen. Flat-panel televisions, smartphones, computers, automobiles, washing machines all deliver far more capability today at lower costs than just a few years ago. Why shouldn’t financial services be subject to the exact same market pressures? What could be more capitalistic than products competing in the marketplace for customers on quality and price? Quasi-capitalists seem to dislike competition; to me, complaining about price competition sounds more like communism. Other assertions are simply based on a lack of information: I’d bet that the salaries of key employees (like the manager of the $250 billion flagship Vanguard 500 Index Fund) are actually quite high, relatively speaking. You would might lose that wager. Vanguard is notoriously cheap -- its executives fly coach. Employees are typically paid less than at other financial firms, on or off Wall Street. True, its executives are paid well by most measures of compensation in America, but they are paid much less than their peers at other similar financial-services firms that often grant stock options that can be worth hundreds of millions of dollars in a few years. Incentivizing executives to focus on short-term stock price is not how Vanguard rolls. According to Bloomberg News, a “key aspect of Vanguard’s executive pay is a deferred compensation program.” Set up by founder John Bogle in 1983 to keep management focused on the long-term, it is hard to argue it hasn't worked. The article also mischaracterizes the demands that Vanguard places on its managers, downplaying the obvious talents they bring to the job:  An index fund manager doesn’t necessarily have to be smart, but instead must have exceptional attention to detail. It’s a vastly different skill than picking stocks, but a valuable skill nonetheless, one that probably commands a pretty high salary. Aside from the insult it delivers, the statement is just wrong: Raw intelligence isn't the primary characteristic determining how well a fund manager performs. A growing body of evidence suggests investment success is related to a variety of factors, intelligence being merely one of them. (And there are numerous types of intelligence and we don't really understand the correlation between them and investment success). Plus, doesn’t anyone who is managing billions of dollars on behalf of thousands of clients need to have “exceptional attention to detail”? That’s just a weird complaint to make. A lot of the process of tracking the index is assisted by software; any competent asset-management business shouldn't have much of an issue with tracking error. Then, the article makes light of just what Vanguard has managed to accomplish: There isn’t anything really unusual about Vanguard. If you’ve ever taken a business strategy course, it’s just a low-cost producer, no different than Wal-Mart in retail or Hyundai in autos or Old Navy in apparel. This may be the most profound error of all. To minimize the revolution that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has wrought in retailing is just breathtaking. Who would argue that millions of American consumers would be better off paying high prices for a limited selection of goods at the mom-and-pop shops that dominated so much of the industry before Wal-Mart? And if it were so easy to do, where is the competition that out-Vanguards Vanguard and takes a big chunk of its market share? After all, it's just a low-cost provider, right? The same could be said of Wal-Mart. And yet, none of that has happened. If you are wondering why, it is because there are a lot more moving parts to Vanguard -- and Wal-Mart -- than meets the eye of the casual observer. Providing the lowest cost is more than structure; it is also about execution, logistics and corporate culture. To make the above statement requires one to ignore the intensity of the competition, and just how smart and hard-working the people there are. If anyone could just drop prices and capture market share, it should have happened already. And last is this odd statement: What’s irritating about Vanguard is not its corporate strategy, but its occupation of the moral high ground. Vanguard is successful because it offers, or is perceived to offer, a better product at a lower price. Let's respond by turning this one around. What is the moral quotient of companies that sell complex, overpriced financial products that mostly underperform their benchmarks? Not all financial companies do this, but enough of them do that Vanguard doesn't have to make much of an effort to claim the moral high ground. Its customers have mostly put it there of their own free will. As for Vanguard's competitors, they have no one to blame but themselves. Failing to see that is a fundamental misunderstanding of what makes Vanguard so successful. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. Barry Ritholtz is a Bloomberg View columnist. He founded Ritholtz Wealth Management and was chief executive and director of equity research at FusionIQ, a quantitative research firm. He blogs at the Big Picture and is the author of “Bailout Nation: How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis The low-cost fund provider has upended the investing world. That's something to laud, not dismiss. vanguard, bogle, index, fund, invest 1192 Monday, 05 Jun 2017 08:16 AM 2017-16-05 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: Trump Is Right to Withdraw From Climate Deal Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 143 comments This is right for us. We shouldn't have to be part of an agreement that is... CNBC's Ron Insana: Jobs Report Could Be Start of 'Worrying Trend' Friday, 02 Jun 2017 | 31 comments THIS IS THE AGE OLD STORYWHAT'S BAD FOR AMERICA IS GOOD FOR LIBERALS.JUST... Analysts: Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 62 comments "Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs"....what an absolutely... The World's $100 Trillion Question: Why Is Inflation So Low? Tuesday, 06 Jun 2017 | 19 comments Where's the inflation? Anyone who goes food shopping or shopping for basic... Trump's Twitter Criticism of London Mayor May Harm Relations Monday, 05 Jun 2017 | 14 comments Trump's just telling everybody the hard truths of the real world.Sometimes... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions June 8, 2017 68° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Sunny. High 84F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 63F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 8, 2017 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Woman struck by car outside Walmart in Md. Jun 5, 2017 (…) OWINGS MILLS, Md. (AP) — Police believe a driver who struck a pedestrian outside a Walmart in Owings Mills may have been experiencing a medical emergency. Baltimore County police say the pedestrian was thrown several feet after she was hit around 6:15 p.m. Sunday. She was taken to a trauma center for treatment of serious injuries. Police say the driver went on to crash into the Walmart building at a high rate of speed. Before hitting the pedestrian and the building, police say the driver hit another car, causing minor damage. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Automotive Accidents Transportation Accidents Accidents Accidents And Disasters Transportation Locations Maryland United States North America Popular Torrie Ethridge sues the Dothan City School Board Woman charged with stealing $66K from local medical office Teens arrested in connection with Wiregrass Park murder brought back Dothan Dothan mourns slain teen Dothan High student scores perfect 36 on the ACT Coffee County man found dead in vehicle Kharon Davis, awaiting trial 10 years, wants case dismissed Pedestrian identified in fatal accident involving Sheriff's patrol unit At age 87, Dothan psychiatrist still loves working, golfing Teens fight extradition in Dothan murder case Featured Businesses US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Currently Open Coupons Bama RV 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles W. Terry Bullard Attorney at Law 707 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 Currently Open Mosquito Squad 125 P.R. 1575, Midland City, AL 36350 334-405-7964 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Currently Open James Grant Realty 1254 Westgate Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-793-2200 Latta Music Company 3332 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-793-6011 Dothan Brace Shop 1240 E Main St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-792-4330 Currently Open Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Currently Open Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Currently Open Hometown Lenders 3124 W Main St, Ste 6, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-2661 Currently Open Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Currently Open Hometown Lenders 110 E Broad St, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-794-2661 Currently Open Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Currently Open The Bobby Dean Team 2307 Hartford Hwy, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-701-1102 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Currently Open Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Currently Open McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Currently Open Jim Roberts Realty 4207 Lafayette St, Marianna, FL 32446 850-482-4635 Currently Open Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Jackson County Floridan 4403 Constitution Ln, Marianna, FL 32448 850-526-3614 Currently Open Contests Father's Day Sweepstakes Wiregrass' Wildest Fans Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Man wanted for robbing Whitehaven Walmart - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Man wanted for robbing Whitehaven Walmart 2017-06-05T10:03:39Z2017-06-05T13:55:31Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com (Source: MPD) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Memphis Police Department is looking for a man accused of robbing Walmart in Whitehaven. Police said the robbery happened around 8:30 a.m. Friday. The man stood in line at the money center, and as he got closer, he went behind the counter and showed employees a handgun while demanding money. The man took money from the register and ran from the store. Memphis Police Department est.1827 The man is described as 5’11 and 180 pounds. He was last seen wearing a Memphis Grizzlies hat, a blue hoodie with a white design on the front, blue jeans, black gloves, and black shoes. If you know where this man may be, call Crime Stoppers at 901-528-CASH. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Three suspects missing after GPS devices fail Three suspects missing after GPS devices fail Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:43 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:43:36 GMT Mack (L), Perry (M), and Patterson (R) (Source: MPD) The Memphis Police Department is looking for three suspects, all of whom failed to comply with the GPS monitoring program by not keeping their devices charged which is in violation of their bail conditions.More >> The Memphis Police Department is looking for three suspects, all of whom failed to comply with the GPS monitoring program by not keeping their devices charged which is in violation of their bail conditions.More >> Deputies catch man wanted for roofing repair scam Deputies catch man wanted for roofing repair scam Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:39 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:39:14 GMT (Source: DeSoto County SD) Shelby County Sheriff's Office arrested a man they said is a serial con-artist that scammed multiple victims. More >> Shelby County Sheriff's Office arrested a man they said is a serial con-artist that scammed multiple victims.More >> Video of dad, daughter shows off problem-solving abilities of simple hug Video of dad, daughter shows off problem-solving abilities of simple hug Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:13 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:13:17 GMT (Source: Instagram/@pop_vazquez) An Instagram user’s video went viral after he showed the power of a hug. More >> An Instagram user’s video went viral after he showed the power of a hug.More >> Law enforcement raids Memphis home Law enforcement raids Memphis home Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:04 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:04:42 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Law enforcement raided a home in Castalia Heights on Thursday morning. More >> Law enforcement raided a home in Castalia Heights on Thursday morning.More >> Clarksdale barber transforms homeless man with haircut, trim Clarksdale barber transforms homeless man with haircut, trim Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:28 AM EDT2017-06-08 11:28:50 GMT (Source: Facebook/Dave Houston) A barber in Clarksdale, Mississippi, is receiving plenty of praise online after sharing before and after pictures of a homeless man he gave a haircut and beard trim to. More >> A barber in Clarksdale, Mississippi, is receiving plenty of praise online after sharing before and after pictures of a homeless man he gave a haircut and beard trim to.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Need a smile? Video of 'eyebrow stamp' testing goes viral Need a smile? Video of 'eyebrow stamp' testing goes viral Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 3:32 PM EDT2017-06-07 19:32:04 GMT If you are having a bad day and need a reason to smile, a video of a reporter testing out an eyebrow stamp could be just the thing you need.More >> If you are having a bad day and need a reason to smile, a video of a reporter testing out an eyebrow stamp could be just the thing you need.More >> Investigators open grave to retrieve Investigators retrieve tablet from buried 8-year-old's casket Investigators retrieve tablet from buried 8-year-old's casket Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 6:36 PM EDT2017-06-07 22:36:46 GMT New developments Wednesday in the investigation into the death of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary student. More >> New developments Wednesday in the investigation into the death of an 8-year-old Carson Elementary student.More >> Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:22 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:22:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:22 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:22:18 GMT Lady Antebellum and Earth Wind & Fire perform "September" at the conclusion of the CMT Music Awards at Music City Center on Wednesday, June 7, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn. (Photo by Wade Payne/Invision/AP) Country music stars won't be the only ones at the 2017 CMT Music Awards, which will also feature Hollywood stars like Ashton Kutcher and musicians such as Peter Frampton and Earth, Wind & Fire. The show will be...More >> Country music stars won't be the only ones at the 2017 CMT Music Awards, which will also feature Hollywood stars like Ashton Kutcher and musicians such as Peter Frampton and Earth, Wind & Fire. The show will be held Wednesday in Nashville, Tennessee.More >> Comey hearing: Refresher on Russia-Trump investigation Comey hearing: Refresher on Russia-Trump investigation Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 6:56 PM EDT2017-06-07 22:56:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:34 AM EDT2017-06-08 12:34:04 GMT James Comey will appear before the Senate for the first time since being fired. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File) James Comey, the former FBI director, is set to testify Thursday to say, in part, that the president requested he drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.More >> James Comey, the former FBI director, is set to testify Thursday to say, in part, that the president requested he drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.More >> Louisiana massage therapist murdered during morning appointment Louisiana massage therapist murdered during morning appointment Kayla Ann Denham, 24 (Source: Facebook) A Louisiana massage therapist was found murdered after going to appointment.   More >> A Louisiana massage therapist was found murdered after going to appointment.  More >> Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:28 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:33 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:33:28 GMT Comey's account of demands for loyalty from the president and of requests to end an investigation into an embattled adviser are likely to sharpen allegations that Trump improperly sought to influence the FBI-led probe.More >> Comey's account of demands for loyalty from the president and of requests to end an investigation into an embattled adviser are likely to sharpen allegations that Trump improperly sought to influence the FBI-led probe.More >> VIDEO: Man jumps into moving car to save driver VIDEO: Man jumps into moving car to save driver Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:24 AM EDT2017-06-08 11:24:37 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:24 AM EDT2017-06-08 11:24:37 GMT The man saw the driver was having a seizure and rushed to save him. More >> The man saw the driver was having a seizure and rushed to save him.More >> 2-year-old dies after suspected tick bite 2-year-old dies after suspected tick bite Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:27 AM EDT2017-06-07 05:27:00 GMT Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 1:27 AM EDT2017-06-07 05:27:00 GMT The family wants to get the message out to other families that they should always check for ticks.More >> The family wants to get the message out to other families that they should always check for ticks.More >> Police: Mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom Police: Mother pulled son's teeth in Walmart restroom Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:07 AM EDT2017-06-08 06:07:40 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 2:07 AM EDT2017-06-08 06:07:40 GMT The boy told his brother one of his teeth was loose but the other wasn’t, charging documents say. More >> The boy told his brother one of his teeth was loose but the other wasn’t, charging documents say.More >> Teens dance with loaded gun in school bathroom on Snapchat Teens dance with loaded gun in school bathroom on Snapchat Posted: Wednesday, June 7 2017 7:52 PM EDT2017-06-07 23:52:55 GMT Updated: Wednesday, June 7 2017 7:59 PM EDT2017-06-07 23:59:48 GMT Police arrested two teens after they shared a video of themselves playing with a loaded gun at school. More >> Police arrested two teens after they shared a video of themselves playing with a loaded gun at school.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, June 08, 2017, 8:38 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Growth continues in Bentonville's Art District By Melissa Gute This article was published June 5, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Pedestrians walk along the sidewalk with artwork by Carol Hart displayed May 25 in the window of First National Bank on S.W. A Street in downtown Bentonville. Comments aAFont Size Construction continues May 25 on the movie theater on S.W. A Street in downtown Bentonville. Experience districts The SE Downtown Area Plan identifies two experience districts south of the downtown square. The Market District is loosely bounded by Southeast Fifth Street to the north, Southeast Eighth Street to the south, Southeast D Street to the west and the east edge of the property where the 8th Street Market is. The Arts District is between Southwest A and South Main streets between Southeast Fourth and Southeast Sixth streets. Source: Staff report BENTONVILLE -- The area around Southwest A and Southwest Fourth streets is nearly unrecognizable as to what it was prior to 2014 when city officials first identified what is becoming the Art District. Empty lots on three of the intersection's corners are now apartments, a bank with local artwork and a soon-to-be movie theater. What used to be a lumber yard at 410 S.W. A St. is now The Hub, featuring commercial and office space. The Art District was one of two experience districts identified in the SE Downtown Area Plan the city adopted in 2014. It continues to expand cultural amenities and housing options a few blocks south of the downtown square. The other is the Market District. Experience districts are areas that are distinctive in design and what they offer, according to the plan. The downtown square is its own experience district "offering a slice of small town America;" however, it is nearing capacity and has little opportunity for expansion. The plan recommended adding two experience districts with different focuses to create downtown destinations. The focus of the Art District is to be a concentrated area for the creative sector that promotes and enhances the city's identity as a culturally rich place. The former Farmers Exchange building at 409 S.W. A St. is the most recent development to open its doors. Just called Exchange, the space offers free co-working space to select startups, mentorship with industry experts and community events that foster connections between entrepreneurs and enterprises, according to the venue's website. RevUnit, a software development startup company, also operates out of the space. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Startup Junkie Consulting, Community Venture Foundation and Grit Studios are also community partners of the venue. Exchange provides entrepreneurs space to work and seek support in Bentonville, said Brett Amerine, chief operating officer of Fayetteville-based Startup Junkie. "Bentonville is becoming a great place for the intersection of art, outdoors, food and entrepreneurship," he said. "That's one of the reasons why the Exchange is there." It's a "huge benefit" to be in the Art District as "usually cool things happen" when artists, designers, entrepreneurs and foodies are in one place, Amerine said, explaining it enhances the quality of life for that area. Randy Lawson, a Bentonville businessman, bought the building in 2012. He and partners Harrison and Rhonda French wanted to maintain the historic building that housed the co-op for decades, he said. It's been a fun project turning the building into a space for entrepreneurs and innovators, he said. It's multiple businesses bringing growth and positive energy to the Art District, Lawson said, naming several including Frank and Lise Wentz, owners of Bentonville Ornamental Iron and The Forge. The Wentzes moved the manufacturing operation of Bentonville Ornamental Iron out of their building just north of the Exchange about two years ago. They've since opened the Irish-theme restaurant The Forge in it while keeping an office for the iron business in the front. "I didn't want Bentonville Ornamental Iron to lose its presence since it's been here forever," Lise Wentz said, explaining the building was an iron shop dating back to the 1950s. The Art District is developing, but it's not where it should be yet as people still prefer to be in the square, Wentz said. More amenities and retail options, not just offices, need to make their way further south, she said. The movie theater being built on the northwest corner of the Southwest A and Southwest Fourth streets intersection should help, and the widening of Eighth Street a few blocks south may help bring business north, she added. "It's all evolving," Wentz said. "It's going to take some time." The 15,761-square-foot, one-story movie theater is taking shape. It will include two large screens, four small screens as well as a full bar and kitchen. The NWA Downtown Revitalization Fund is behind the project. The Fund is an limited liability corporation focused on downtown-oriented development in Northwest Arkansas. It's funded by members of the Walton family. The company also is building a 16,230-square-foot, three-story mixed-use retail and office building just north of the movie theater. Efforts to get an update on the project were unsuccessful by Friday afternoon. First National Bank of NWA recently moved into its new building in the Art District just south of the movie theater. It is in a soft opening phase and will hold a grand opening Tuesday. The bank bought the land without knowing city officials would dub the area as the Art District then incorporated the design to be a more active participant in the art scene, said Brent Leas, vice president, community banker and retail team leader. "The whole concept is to honor that," he said. "We built, with intention, the storefront windows so we could put art on display." The bank is working with Eureka Springs artist Zeek Taylor to curate the art, which is available for purchase and will rotate every six to eight weeks, Leas said. The artwork by four Arkansas artists is lit all day and night with solar lights. The SE Downtown Area Plan was a way to make those interested in investing in the community aware of development and redevelopment opportunities in the downtown area, said Troy Galloway, community and economic development director. It has caused properties to be redeveloped and the city's tax base to increase with new businesses, he said. There aren't signs in either the Art or Market district of development slowing down. "I think the two districts will eventually merge into one more diverse district," Galloway said. NW News on 06/05/2017 Print Headline: Bentonville Art District evolves Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More NWAnews Washington County Marriage Licenses Benton County Marriage Licenses Benton County Lawsuits Filed Longtime boss of Gentry schools nears retirem... Growth continues in Bentonville's Art Distric... Legislators' paid trips in '16 not foreign, a... Public Meetings Fayetteville, ACLU prepare civil rights case Teen killer's possible parole 30 years later ... More NWAnews stories > Comments on: Growth continues in Bentonville's Art District To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Spy chief said to get request to sway FBI (40 comments) Senators to seek Russia sanctions in Iran measure (1 comment) Trump vows to develop 'first class' infrastructure (2 comments) Ex-FBI director in prepared statement to Congress: Trump told him 'I need loyalty' (11 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: The big game begins (3 comments) Sheriff's office: Arkansas woman says she needs to work on knife skills after cutting husband (16 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, June 08, 2017, 8:38 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Letters This article was published June 5, 2017 at 2:53 a.m. Comment (1) aAFont Size Picture’s not inviting The cover photo for the top 10 weekend events on Thursday was disgusting. Do you really think that picture would encourage anyone to go to Riverfest? Surely you could have found something more pleasant and inviting to use. Is anyone editing this paper? KAREN HERBERT Little Rock Rest in peace, Civility I just wanted to take a moment to remember Civility. In better times, Civility allowed us to debate instead of denigrate, to get results instead of insults. We could ask each other questions without fearing a violent response, such as the congressional candidate in Montana who attacked a reporter. Civility also meant we didn’t arbitrarily insult a person of a different ethnicity or tell them to “leave our country,” such as the woman did in a Centerton Wal-Mart. When Civility was alive, we didn’t call for an arbitrary ban of an entire ethnic group or suggest that religious belief should determine who gets to enter the U.S., such as 45 did earlier this year and during his campaign. Civility prevented us from making a joke out of killing reporters, such as Texas Gov. Greg Abbott did, or to suggest that Americans with diabetes shouldn’t have access to health insurance, as was the opinion of Budget Director Mick Mulvaney. Civility first showed signs of illness in 2008 and then got progressively worse. By 2012, the prognosis was grim and by 2016, the end had come. Civility passed away on Nov. 8, 2016, leaving behind millions of Americans dreading the future and wondering how someone who bragged about molesting women in public ended up in the White House. It is my fond hope that Civility may rise again, but for now, all we can do is make the best of what we have. JUD HANSON Fayetteville Simply junk science Hooray for President Trump! Like global freezing in 1972, I believe global warming is also junk science; it’s designed to frighten so that governments and foundations will donate money for university research that is unscientific; e.g. Darwinian evolution and global warming. I believe both are unproven and unprovable. And consensus is not part of the scientific method. What a waste. BOB L. WARNER Hot Springs Village His mastery of irony I knew that Donald Trump was the master of hyperbole. However, I was unaware of his gift of irony until I began to pay attention to his Cabinet. Secretary of Education Betsy De-Vos hadn’t set foot in a public school because it is public. She believes in charter schools run by private groups that advocate choice (read segregation). Then there is Scott Pruitt, secretary of EPA. He had enjoyed suing the agency prior to his appointment. He is having a good time, however, getting rid of rules for clean air and water. He is also replacing scientific board members. New Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke rode his horse to work his first day on the job. One wonders who followed the horse. He is tasked with reviewing all sorts of national monuments and those troublesome tree-hugger committees. It appears HUD Secretary Ben Carson is not a fan of HUD. He considers subsidized housing a bad public experiment. He declares that being poor is simply a state of mind. Since his estimated worth is about 30 million dollars, he has little memory when his family depended on public housing. Do not forget Jefferson Beauregard Sessions, the attorney general. One might speculate that when his father first saw the little lad, he decided he needed a name with gravitas that spoke of Southern pride. So, with a long mane and a big ego, it would appear that he has decided to run the office by himself, and hasn’t filled 93 executive positions. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has announced to the world that we will not impose our values (human rights) on foreign relationships. Since he won’t have to worry about those pesky values, he plans to eliminate 2,300 State Department jobs. Finally, who can forget Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, who wanted to do away with the department if elected? Oops. Regarding Trump’s sense of irony, I rest my case. GWENNETH L. PRICE PICARD Little Rock Wonderful memories Most of your readers who had the privilege of growing up in Arkansas during the 1950s and ’60s, as I did, will no doubt recall a much-beloved TV personality and kids’ entertainer who went by the name of Cactus Vick. He had a TV program in the afternoons called Six Gun Theater. He dressed in western-style clothing complete with cowboy boots, chaps, gloves, and a big cowboy hat. Cactus was also the spokesman for Wonder Bread and Finkbeiner Frankfurters. Cactus, whose real name was Volmer Vick, had graduated from England High School with my mother, Thelma Walker, in 1929. Somehow through the years they managed to maintain contact. Throughout my childhood, we never knew when Cactus would stop by for a visit on his way to a performance or birthday party. I loved it when he came as he always did some magic tricks, pulling 50-cent pieces out of my ears, making balloon animals, or some ventriloquism. One Friday night he stopped by to have dinner with us as he was performing at our school in Plumerville that evening. As we ate, he asked if I would like to be his assistant that evening. Of course I did. My duties included handing him a few props and being the target of some good-natured jokes. I couldn’t have been any more excited if I had been on The Ed Sullivan Show. Cactus had a club for kids called the “Square Shooters.” Anyone could join; all you had to do was to follow the rules. They were: One on a Bike, Drink Your Milk, Brush Your Teeth, Obey Your Parents, Look Both Ways Before You Cross the Street, Read Your Bible, Go to Church, Be Polite, and Eat Your Food. Pretty good rules to live by, I would say. I still have my membership card. We need another Cactus Vick! Thanks for the wonderful memories, Cactus. JAMES CALVIN WALKER Conway It happens sometimes I didn’t believe my eyes. I had to double-check both the editorial page and the Voices page and the cartoons on May 26. There was not a single hateful word written about President Trump. None, a truly remarkable day! MICHAEL PAHL Mountain Home Editorial on 06/05/2017 Print Headline: Letters Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Opinion and Letters* To the rescue! The president's right move Into the unknown When James Bond dies Letters Astounding science fiction Bring it on Budget debate The growth of Nevada County Democracy shouldn't be fast and easy More Opinion and Letters* stories > Comment on: Letters To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 total comment JakeTidmore says... June 5, 2017 at 8:33 a.m. Bob Warner - I invite you to read Katherine Hayhoe, a climate scientist and evangelical Christian, who firmly believes in climate change, global warming, and evolution. She believes that your skepticism comes from bad information and people out to mislead you. Here is an article in which she explains her views and why God and science really go together: ht tp://ww w.motherjones.co m/environment/2014/05/inquiring-minds-katharine-hayhoe-faith-climate *** This next article is just as important since it looks at "why" people believe. htt p://w ww.huffingtonpost.c om/entry/why-americans-deny-evolution-climate-and-vaccine-science_us_5888cd7ce4b098c0bba7db84 Excerpt: “Beliefs are difficult to budge, because people don’t act like scientists, weighing up evidence in an even-handed way,” Matthew Hornsey, a psychologist at the University of Queensland, wrote in an email to Live Science. “When someone wants to believe something, then they act more like lawyers trying to prosecute what they already want to be true. And they cherry-pick the evidence to be able to do that.” The real question, Hornsey said, is why people want to believe something that flies in the face of scientific evidence. In some cases, the reason can be political: Solving the problems created by climate change would mean standing in the way of the free market, something conservatives tend to oppose. In other cases, people might have some other vested interest in their beliefs, Hornsey said. A smoker may not want to believe her or his habit is really going to cause lung cancer, because that would mean the person would have to quit. Social identity can also be an important driver of beliefs, Hornsey said. Studies of teens in Midwestern towns have found that these individuals typically go along with the crowd, he said, believing in evolution if the majority of their friends do and believing in creationism if that’s what the people around them believe. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Spy chief said to get request to sway FBI (40 comments) Senators to seek Russia sanctions in Iran measure (1 comment) Trump vows to develop 'first class' infrastructure (2 comments) Ex-FBI director in prepared statement to Congress: Trump told him 'I need loyalty' (11 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: The big game begins (3 comments) Sheriff's office: Arkansas woman says she needs to work on knife skills after cutting husband (16 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
63° Mostly Cloudy Now Streaming The C4 Show Home Shows WBAL News Now with Bryan Nehman Weekdays, 5am - 9am The C4 Show Weekdays, 9am - 1pm The Derek Hunter Show Weekdays, 1pm - 3pm WBAL News Now with Bill and Stacy Weekdays, 3pm - 6:30pm The Brett Hollander Show Weeknights, 7pm - 10pm The Jimmy Mathis Show Saturdays, 7am - 10am Brian Kroneberger Financial Hour Saturdays, 10am - 11am Maryland's News This Week Sundays, 10am - 11am Broadcast Schedule Podcasts Listen Live News Local Audio/Video National/World Politics Trump's First 100 Days Session 2017 State of Addiction ABC News Business Health Tech Entertainment News Blogs RSS Weather Forecast Hourly Local Map Beach Weather & Traffic Traffic Baltimore Traffic Conditions Beach Weather & Traffic Sports NFL / Ravens MLB / Orioles College Hoops Auto Racing Horse Racing Navy Football Golf College Football Other Sports Ravens Ravens News NFL News Programs Ravens Schedule Orioles Orioles News MLB News Cal 2131 Anniversary Commentary C4 Commentary Derek Hunter Commentary Jonathan Murray Josh Spiegel Commentary Video 1090AM Video WBAL TV Info About WBAL Staff Contact Us Advertise with WBAL Kids Campaign Employment Events Internship Contest Rules Public File Apps Pedestrian Injured After Being Struck By Vehicle In Walmart Parking Lot Print Monday, June 5, 2017 WBAL NewsRadio 1090 Credit: WBAL-TV 11 A pedestrian was struck on Sunday evening in Owings Mills. Driving at a high rate of speed, a 2012 Chevrolet Cruise hit a 2014 Nissan Sentra, a female pedestrian -- who was thrown several feet from the vehicle -- and struck the front of a Walmart building one after another around 6:15 p.m., according to Baltimore County police. The incident occurred in the Walmart parking lot. Police say the driver of the Chevrolet may have been experiencing a medical emergency during the crashes. The driver was taken to a local hospital while the pedestrian, who was struck, was taken to Shock Trauma after being seriously injured.  Article is invalid or is no longer published. Sponsors Other Stories Key Excerpts From Comey Opening Statement 1 Dead, Another Injured After Vehicle Crash On Route 140 In Finksburg Michael Flynn Central Figure In Brewing Political Drama Surrounding Comey Testimony Morning Traffic Report for Thursday, 8 June 2017 Mancini Hits 2 HRs As Orioles Beat Pirates 9-6 In 11 Innings Top WBAL Radio is Maryland’s leading source for news, weather, sports and stimulating discussions. About WBAL Radio Employment Advertise With WBAL.COM Contest Rules RSS Feeds EEO Public File Report Public File Privacy Policy Follow us on: © 2017 Hearst Stations, Inc. AP Material © 2017 The Associated Press
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / A & E / Curwensville Public Library Offering “Build a Better World” Youth Summer Reading Program Curwensville Public Library Offering “Build a Better World” Youth Summer Reading Program Posted on Monday, June 5, 2017 by Gant Team in A & E, Local News, Top Stories CURWENSVILLE –   Area children and teens are invited to “Build a Better World” through reading by joining the annual summer reading program at the Curwensville Public Library.   Participation in the program is free and it runs from June 6 through Aug. 8.  To sign up for summer reading, interested individuals may visit the library during regular business hours.   At registration, participants will receive the program guidelines, a reading log and a schedule of events.  Peggy Barrett, youth services coordinator, has planned an exciting schedule for this year.   Through books, activities, performers and guest presenters, participants will discover new ways of looking at the world around them.   The program line-up begins with a thrilling magic show featuring M&M Magic on June 13 at 10 a.m. at the Curwensville Elementary gym.   All registered summer reading participants who attend the show will be entered in a drawing to win a swimming pool sponsored by Wal-Mart Distribution Center.   On-site registration for the summer program will be available for youth who have not previously registered.     The goals of the summer reading program are to motivate community members to read for pleasure, encourage school-aged youth to maintain reading skills and establish the library as an essential community service.   “The reading program is designed to keep students engaged during the summer and to foster a love of reading,” shared Paula Collins, director. “In addition, it also reinforces that public libraries are community gathering spaces, information sharing places, technology hubs, literacy centers, and promoters of education and life-long learning for all ages.”  The library would like to invite all recent Class of 2017 high school graduates and area adults to sign-up for the adult summer reading program.  Information about the adult summer reading and the program schedule will be available soon.  Throughout the summer, participants of the “Build a Better World”  reading program, will experience at least one of the five literacies (Basic, Financial, Information, Health, and or Civic & Social) at all library events as part of the PA Forward | Pennsylvania Library Association initiative. The Curwensville Public Library is open on Monday and Wednesday from 9 a.m. until 8 p.m., Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m., and Saturday from 9 a.m. until 4 p.m.   For questions about the “Build a Better World” summer reading program, call 814-236-0355. Additional information may also be found on the library Web site at www.clearfieldcountylibrary.org.    CAST Offering Seeds of Art Program this Summer Relationship Education Program Increases Incentives Tagged Curwensville Public Library summer reading program Related Posts Presidents’ early lives on screen: 5 movies or miniseries to watch Police Locate Alleged Drunk Driver with Can of Duster West Fifth Street in Clearfield Borough to be closed Habitat Home Selection Process to Begin Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / SERVICES Stocks Gainers and Losers – Amazon, Alibaba, Wal-Mart, Comcast Lead Today’s Stocks SERVICES Stocks Gainers and Losers – Amazon, Alibaba, Wal-Mart, Comcast Lead Today’s Stocks posted by Chris Miranda on June 5, 2017 at 8:05 am SERVICES Stocks Gainers and Losers – AMZN, BABA, WMT, CMCSA, HD, DIS, MCD, CHTR, SBUX, UPS, PCLN, WBA, UNP, COST, TWX, NFLX Amazon.com, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 1,006.73 up 1.08 percent with 3.75 million shares traded at 481.192 billion market cap Alibaba Group Holding Limited has hit an intraday price of 124.13 up 0.13 percent with 7.34 million shares traded at  314.049 billion market cap Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 79.62 down 0.24 percent with 8.00 million shares traded at  241.373 billion market cap Comcast Corporation has hit an intraday price of 41.99 up 0.79 percent with 17.39 million shares traded at 199.156 billion market cap The Home Depot, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 155.35 up 0.13 percent with 3.49 million shares traded at  185.729 billion market cap The Walt Disney Company has hit an intraday price of 107.18 down 0.95 percent with 10.88 million shares traded at  167.724B McDonald’s Corporation has hit an intraday price of 153.74 up 0.89 percent with 4.32 million shares traded at  125.309 billion market cap Charter Communications, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 353.03 up 1.92 percent with 1.59 million shares traded at  107.759 billion market cap Starbucks Corporation has hit an intraday price of 64.57 up 1.29 percent with 7.84 million shares traded at  93.504 billion market cap United Parcel Service, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 107.67 up 0.01 percent with 4.18 million shares traded at  93.432 billion market cap The Priceline Group Inc. has hit an intraday price of 1,895.96 up 0.27 percent with 463.35 thousand shares traded at 93.172 billion market cap Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 83.10 up 1.12 percent with 3.94 million shares traded at  89.827 billion market cap Union Pacific Corporation has hit an intraday price of 111.20 up 0.55 percent with 3.44 million shares traded at  89.787 billion market cap Costco Wholesale Corporation has hit an intraday price of 180.97 up 0.19 percent with 2.24 million shares traded at  79.435 billion market cap Time Warner Inc. has hit an intraday price of 99.18 down 0.52 percent with 3.10 million shares traded at  76.918 billion market cap Netflix, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 165.18 up 1.34 percent with 4.26 million shares traded at 71.193 billion market cap About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 FXGiants Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 4 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 70Trades Offers Free Demo Accounts to Improve Trading Skills Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: Market News – Nasdaq Big Decliners- ECYT, ZUMZ, NDLS, GSUM, FRED, MRAM, EXXI, PATI, SND, SWPH, SYRS, GPOR Market News - Nasdaq Big Decliners- ECYT, ZUMZ, NDLS, GSUM, FRED, MRAM, EXXI, PATI, SND, SWPH, SYRS, GPOR   Endocyte...Close
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Global M-Commerce Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published M-Commerce Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 05, 2017 ) The Global M-Commerce market is accounted for $155.9 billion in 2015 and is poised to reach $1,067.1 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 31.6% during the forecast period. The major driving factors for M-Commerce market are escalating adoption of smart devices, improved broadband connectivity, cheaper services, etc. M-Commerce service providers are facing challenges in terms of reliance on internet networks, monetization of user base, and severe competition. North America and Europe are estimated to be the biggest markets in terms of revenue, while Asia-Pacific and Middle East are projected to experience amplified market traction, during the forecast period. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/m-commerce-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in the global M-Commerce market are Visa, Walmart, The Home Depot, Amazon.com, Apple, eBay, Google, Lowe's Companies, MasterCard, Ericsson, Gemalto, Mopay, Oxygen8, SAP and PayPal. Devices covered: - Smartphones - Tablets End-Use sectors covered: - Retail/Service sector - Financial service sector - Telecommunication sector - IT sector - Others Transaction Types covered: - Mobile Banking - M billing - M booking - M Retailing - M-Wallet - Others Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001153374/sample . Regions covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Visa 10.2 Walmart 10.3 The Home Depot 10.4 Amazon.com 10.5 Apple 10.6 eBay 10.7 Google 10.8 Lowe's Companies 10.9 MasterCard 10.10 PayPal 10.11 Ericsson 10.12 Gemalto 10.13 Mopay 10.14 Oxygen8 10.15 SAP Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001153374/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Tech Moves: Smartsheet scoops up AWS VP; theMaven adds new co-chairman; and more How Boeing plans to test the technologies for future self-flying passenger airplanes Shippable releases a server version of its devops tool, giving on-premise teams new tricks Find out what happens when robots team up with humans for Boeing’s 777X Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Kevin McAllister pays heed to lessons from steel-town upbringing Docker set to open Seattle-area engineering center, latest Bay Area tech company to land in Northwest Here’s how venture capitalists are thinking about cloud computing companies and technologies Cloudy with a chance of profit: Cloud drives value for tech giants like Amazon and Microsoft Startup Spotlight: Vault launches app that helps people save for retirement with their paychecks For first time, Apple will share super-secret machine used to repair cracked iPhone screens Google continues to emphasize its cloud tech chops as it scrambles to catch AWS and Azure Washington governor signs executive order to support autonomous vehicle development Google exec: New Seattle building ‘is going to be basically Google Cloud’ NASA introduces a dozen new astronauts with Vice President Mike Pence’s blessing Apptio, which helps CIOs monitor IT spend, reveals which cloud platforms customers are adopting Seattle mayor joins Oak View Group in promising to turn KeyArena into world-class sports, music venue Microsoft Azure chief Scott Guthrie on competing with Amazon, and standing out in the cloud Mighty AI opening location in Detroit as it focuses its training data service on autonomous vehicles How a huge fire and a competitor nearly took down Modumetal — and why the company’s still standing GeekWire Deals: The smart WiFi camera to boost your home security (57% off) LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Snapchat parent Snap acquires location analytics startup Placed for more than $200M I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Google exec: New Seattle building ‘is going to be basically Google Cloud’ ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Amazon Web Services’ Swami Sivasubramanian on the future of AI in the cloud Amazon shares close above $1K, market cap nears $500B; Bezos may pass Gates as world’s richest Microsoft Azure chief Scott Guthrie on competing with Amazon, and standing out in the cloud Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Here’s why Snap just paid more than $200M to acquire Seattle startup Placed We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened Sphere of influence: 46-story tower near Amazon campus will have domed top reminiscent of tech giant’s new landmark Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Starbucks rolls its own coffee truck in front of Seattle HQ to replace store being remodeled Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones Spinnaker, an open-source project for continuous delivery, hits the 1.0 milestone Apple TV finally adds Amazon Video app as Tim Cook touts Prime service on stage at WWDC Google Fiber-owned high-speed internet provider Webpass comes to Seattle Trending: Docker set to open Seattle-area engineering center, latest Bay Area tech company to land in Northwest Amazon shares close above $1K, market cap nears $500B; Bezos may pass Gates as world’s richest by Taylor Soper on June 4, 2017 at 1:02 pmJune 4, 2017 at 5:13 pm Comments   Share  229 Tweet Share  169 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit Attendee FAQ Jeff Bezos. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Amazon shares have officially closed at four digits. The tech giant saw its stock stay above $1,000 per share for the first time since it went public in 1997, as AMZN closed at $1,006.73 on Friday afternoon. Technically, the stock topped $1,000 per share early Tuesday morning, but it closed over $1,000 for the first time on Friday. Amazon’s market capitalization is now around $486 billion. It’s the fourth-largest company — including both tech and non-tech — by market value, trailing Microsoft ($560 billion), Google/Alphabet ($688 billion), and Apple ($822 billion). Alphabet is also closing in on the $1,000 per share mark; it ended Friday at $975.60. For retail industry context, Amazon is now worth more than double of Walmart, which is valued at $240 billion. Most of Amazon’s gains have come in the last two years. It took Amazon 18 years as a public company to reach $500 per share, and just another 22 months to come close to $1,000. In 2017 alone, Amazon stock is up nearly 40 percent. In its most recent quarter, Amazon posted sales of $35.7 billion, up 23 percent over last year, and reported profit of $724 million. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos was asked by a shareholder last week whether the company would consider a stock split to make its shares more affordable. His answer: not right now. “That’s something we consider from time to time,” Bezos said at Amazon’s annual meeting. “We don’t have any plans to do that at this point, but we will keep looking at it.” Amazon split its stock three times in a 15-month window, about a year after it went public in 1997, and hasn’t done so since. Bezos, meanwhile, is closing in on another milestone: Becoming the world’s richest person. If Amazon’s shares continue rising, he will soon eclipse the net worth of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, as The Guardian noted. Bezos, who owns around 17 percent of Amazon, is worth $86 billion, while Gates is at $90 billion, according to Bloomberg. Bezos has seen his net worth grow by $20 billion in the past year alone. While Amazon’s stock price has continued rising, some aren’t so sure about the company’s future success. Pacific Crest Securities analyzed Amazon’s latest earnings in a report called “As Good As It Gets (For Now),” and found that increased competition in online retail and cloud computing could blunt Amazon’s momentum in both areas. While $1,000 per share is a lot, there are plenty of stocks trading at much higher prices. Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, for example, trades at close to $250,000 per share. And there are examples in tech as well, such as travel site Priceline.com, which crossed the $1,000 per share threshold back in 2013, and sits at close to $1,900 today. Taylor Soper is a GeekWire staff reporter who covers a wide variety of tech assignments, including emerging startups in Seattle and Portland, the sharing economy and the intersection of technology and sports. Follow him @taylor_soper and email taylor@geekwire.com. Comments Share  229 Tweet Share  169 Reddit Email Previous StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 28, 2017 Next StorySTEM students turn Trump’s climate decisions into national call to action Filed Under: Amazon  Tagged With: Amazon • Jeff Bezos GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories As Amazon flirts with $1,000/share, shareholder questions Jeff Bezos about stock split Amazon stock hits record high, passes Berkshire as fifth-most valuable U.S. public company Amazon stock reaches all-time high, tops $700 as shares spike 46% in 3 months Amazon now 4th most valuable U.S. public company, passes Exxon Mobil Previous StoryWeek in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 28, 2017 Next StorySTEM students turn Trump’s climate decisions into national call to action Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: The smart WiFi camera to boost your home security (57% off) GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle Most Popular on GeekWire LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Snapchat parent Snap acquires location analytics startup Placed for more than $200M I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Google exec: New Seattle building ‘is going to be basically Google Cloud’ Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Tier 2 Software SupportLimeade Operations EngineerZipwhip, Inc. Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Are you ready for the cloud revolution? Cutting-edge cloud trends are transforming business. What does this mean for you? Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Are you ready for the cloud revolution? Cutting-edge cloud trends are transforming business. What does this mean for you? Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Skip to main content Toggle navigation Menu Home About Subscribe Editors FAQ Contact Us Menu Financial Markets Stock Market Learn invaluable market insights that will help you avoid losses and profit in any share market. Commodities Market Uncover the commodities to get rich off – and the ones you should avoid. Bond Markets Where bond yields could be heading and how you should invest to preserve your assets. Gold Market Find out the crucial role of gold in society and why it could prove your financial saviour. Energy Markets Read about the hot energy plays of the coming decade that could skyrocket your portfolio. Technology Markets Discover the innovations of the future – and takes profits ‘light years’ ahead of the mainstream. Currencies What the latest currency moves mean for your wealth and how you can play them for profit. Property Market Will house prices generally rise… or are investors in for a nasty surprise? Get informed now. Global Financial Markets Gain a deeper understanding of global markets and learn how to position your portfolio for maximum gains. Close Australian Economy Australian Share Market Don’t expect simple ASX news here, instead read about the big picture factors that affect Aussie stocks – before the mainstream catches on. Australian Dollar Know when your assets are at risk from a rising or falling Aussie dollar and learn how to structure your investments for preservation and profit. Australian Housing Is Australia in a housing bubble or housing boom? (The biggest investment of your lifetime could depend on it.) So which is it? Find out here. Australian Economy Which news on the Australian economy is worth listening to and what does it mean for your investments? Click here to discover more. Close Investing Money & Wealth Find out why your wealth is at risk and how you can best protect your money from a failing financial system. Superannuation Learn the simple steps you should take now to ensure your super is still intact when you retire. Best Investment Ideas 2017 Discover why the best investments are rarely the most obvious – and how you can invest profitably for 2016 – and beyond. Close Gold & Precious Metals Gold & Silver Learn what the price of gold and silver indicates about the wider financial markets and why you should invest in them now if you truly value your wealth. Platinum & Palladium Discover the precious metals that fly below the radar and how they could bring you spectacular gains. Base Metals Everything from iron ore…to copper…to graphite and more…find out what’s hot – and what’s not – in the metals and mining markets. Close Currencies Australian Dollar US Dollar The Euro Japanese Yen All Currencies Close Commodities Energy Markets Oil Natural Gas Shale Gas and Oil Gold & Precious Metals Gold & Silver Platinum & Palladium Metals & Minerals Iron Ore Close Global Economy Major Economies US Economy European Economy Chinese Economy Japanese Economy Financial System Debt & Deficits Inflation & Deflation Interest Rates Banks Global Economic Regions Asia & Australasia Europe The Americas Africa & the Middle East Emerging Markets Free Market Debate Politics and History Libertarianism Close Latest Featured Share Subscribe X Share Tweet Share A Bedtime Story Bill BonnerJune 5, 2017 Editor’s Note: Bill is away with family and unable to pen his daily Diary. Below, we share an essay originally published in August of last year. In the French countryside, Bill tells his then-14-month-old grandson a bedtime story. But the typical Mother Goose tales won’t do, so Bill picks another fantasy… *** We are explaining our money system to our grandson, James, now 14 months old… His mother tries to get him to go to bed at 9:00pm. But the little boy’s internal clock is still on Baltimore time; it tells him it is much too early to go to sleep. Our library-turned-nursery in Ouzilly [Click to open in a new window] Grandpa takes over, drawing out the monetary system like a general spreading a map on a field table. ‘Here is the enemy,’ he says gravely. ‘They have us completely surrounded. We’re doomed.’ James grumbles. He squirms. He has a sunny, optimistic temperament. But we think our explanations are sinking in. He seems to understand… …that money is not wealth; it just measures and represents wealth, like the claim ticket on a car in a parking garage. …that our post-1971 money system is based on fake money that represents no wealth and measures badly. …that this new money enters the economy as credit…and that the credit industry (Wall Street) has privileged access to it. The working man still has to earn his money, selling his work, by the hour. But Wall Street — and elite borrowers connected to the Establishment — get it without breaking a sweat or watching the clock. …that a disproportionate share of this new money is concentrated in and around the credit industry — pushing up asset prices, raising salaries and bonuses in the financial sector, and making the rich (those who own financial assets) much richer. …that this flood of credit helped the middle class raise its living standards, even as earnings stagnated. But it also raised debt levels throughout the economy. …and that it allowed the average American family to spend American money that Americans never earned and buy products Americans never made… Instead, Walmart’s shelves were stocked with goods ‘Made in China’. The middle class lost income as factories, jobs, and earnings moved overseas. Debt stayed at home. ‘OK so far?’ we asked James as his eyeballs rolled backward and his breathing slowed. But one thing must still puzzle him. How did the new dollar actually retard growth? Maybe it didn’t make people richer… After all, how can you expect to make people better off by giving them fake money? But how did it make them worse off? The ultimate absurdity We began with an attack en masse across a broad, philosophical front: ‘As you sow, so shall ye reap,’ we said. ‘And when you put a lot of fake money into a society, you end up with a fake economy.’ Just look at Argentina in 2001…or Zimbabwe in 2006…or Venezuela now… Prices go wild as people try to figure out what the money is really worth. But the economy shrinks. It was the same way in Germany during the Weimar hyperinflation. People stopped producing. You might have a billion marks in your pocket, but you couldn’t find a bar of soap for sale. ‘But wait… I know what you’re thinking…’ we imagined James pushing back. ‘Those are all hyperinflation stories. We don’t have that now. Instead, we have much less inflation… Prices are almost stable.’ Yes…for now. The inflation is in the asset sector…and in credit itself…not in consumer items. But the phenomenon is much the same. Fake money is giving grossly distorted information to everyone. In Manhattan, we are told that an ordinary apartment is worth $2 million. But in Geneva — where interest rates have turned negative — we are told that $2 million is worth nothing… You will have to pay one of the banks to take it off your hands. Without honest money, real savings, and true interest rates, businesses and investors have nothing to guide them. They are lost in the woods. Few want to do the hard work, and take the risks, of long-term, capital-heavy ventures. Instead, the focus shifts to speculation, gambling…and playing the game for short-term profits. What’s more, artificially-low interest rates provide fatal misinformation. They tell the world that we have an infinite supply of resources — time, money, energy, and know-how. Then, without its back to the wall of scarcity, with no need to make careful choices, capitalism becomes reckless and irresponsible with its most valuable resource — capital itself. It is destroyed, wasted, misallocated, and malinvested. Growth rates fall and the world becomes poorer. And now, in Japan, there is talk of the ultimate absurdity… Look carefully because we believe this straw may have ‘final’ etched on it in tiny letters. Japan is said to be considering a perpetual bond issued at negative interest rates. ‘How does that work?’ we can hear James asking. ‘Well, it’s very simple. You give your money to the government. And then you pay the government every year, forever, for taking it from you.’ James is startled awake. He is disturbed. ‘What kind of a world have I been born into…?’ he seems to ask. Regards, Bill Bonner, For Markets & Money Free report reveals… How to potentially maximise your age pension benefits If you currently receive the age pension, or are close to retirement age… You must download and read this report NOW. As of 1 January, 2017, the Australian government will introduce harsher asset test changes that could affect your income. Inside your free report, rogue economist Vern Gowdie reveals what he believes you could do right now to boost your age pension income. If you’re at, or near, retirement age…download Vern’s report today. You’ll discover: Three ways you could boost your age pension payments now: Trying to squeeze a few extra bucks out of the government can be like drawing blood from a stone. It’s HARD. Fortunately, Vern’s discovered three ways you could boost your age pension payments (number #3 will surprise you). Will you be hit by the age pension changes in 2017: As of 1 January, 2017, the Australian government will introduce a series of harsher asset test changes for the age pension. Will your income be hit by the new changes? Download Vern’s report to find out. Retire in luxury overseas (on the cheap): An increasing number of Aussies are packing up and moving overseas to retire. No wonder. Your total living expenses in an exotic location like Thailand or Costa Rica could be HALF what you’d expect to pay here in Australia. Cheap food, rent and medical costs are just some of the reasons waves of retirees are heading for warmer climates permanently. How does a shift overseas affect your pension entitlements? Vern explains in his report. To download your free report, ‘What You Need to Know about Changes to the Age Pension’, simply subscribe to Markets and Money for FREE today. Enter your email in the box below and click ‘Subscribe Now’.. Privacy Statement We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time Author Latest Posts Bill Bonner Since founding Agora Inc. in 1979, Bill Bonner has found success and garnered camaraderie in numerous communities and industries. A man of many talents, his entrepreneurial savvy, unique writings, philanthropic undertakings, and preservationist activities have all been recognized and awarded by some of America’s most respected authorities. Along with Addison Wiggin, his friend and colleague, Bill has written two New York Times best-selling books, Financial Reckoning Day and Empire of Debt. Both works have been critically acclaimed internationally. With political journalist Lila Rajiva, he wrote his third New York Times best-selling book, Mobs, Messiahs and Markets, which offers concrete advice on how to avoid the public spectacle of modern finance. Since 1999, Bill has been a daily contributor and the driving force behind Markets and Money. Latest posts by Bill Bonner (see all) What Does a Think Tank Think About? - June 8, 2017 Eulogy for My Mother - June 7, 2017 A Family Revelation - June 6, 2017 A Bedtime Story - June 5, 2017 Categories: Investing Money & Wealth The Bonner Diaries Leave a Reply Be the First to Comment! Connect with: Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Letters will be edited for clarity, punctuation, spelling and length. Abusive or off-topic comments will not be posted. We will not post all comments. If you would prefer to email the editor, you can do so by sending an email to letters@dailyreckoning.com.au Five Fatal Stocks You MUST Sell Now A major US market correction is on the cards for 2017. Each of these five household name ASX stocks could tank as a result. You almost certainly own ONE of these stocks. Download this urgent investor report now and sell your holdings before the US–led chaos begins. PLUS you’ll get Markets and Money every weekday… absolutely free. Enter your email address below and hit the ‘Send My Free Report’ button now. Privacy Statement We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.You can cancel your subscription at any time Testimonial Just thought I would let you know that whilst I receive countless financial emails daily I view yours as something special. I am not looking for the same old humdrum I am looking for news that is out of left field. Now you guys would be off the planet if you went any further left but it is refreshingly different. I get through the humdrum first and get my mind sorted and save you for last as a check. It is certainly an insane moment in time but I am still finding investment opportunities. Thanks for your comments N Markets and Money ASX Share Price News ASX:WES 1 week ago Wesfarmers Limited’s [ASX:WES] share price fell 3.72% today NASDAQ:NVDA 4 weeks ago NVIDIA Steps It Up a Notch NASDAQ:NVDA 4 weeks ago NVIDIA Stocks Explode on Earnings and AI Driverless Car Deal Money Morning Why Qantas shares have been one of the best performers this year Another Day, Another Anxious Property Collapse Call Is this a Bigger Upset than Trump and Brexit? Sign up to Markets & Money | About | Financial Services Guide | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2017 — Markets & Money. All Rights Reserved. x For market insights and investment ideas that you won’t find anywhere else... Take out your FREE subscription to Markets & Money today. Privacy Statement: We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time. Markets and Money Why Subscribe? Financial Markets Stock Market Commodities Market Gold Market Energy Market Technology Market Property Market Bond Markets Currency Market Global Markets Back Australian Economy Australian Share Market Australian Dollar Australian Housing Back Investing Money & Wealth Superannuation Best Investment Ideas 2017 Back Gold & Precious Metals Gold & Silver Platinum & Palladium Back Currencies Australian Dollar US Dollar The Euro Japanese Yen Back Commodities Oil and Gas Gold & Silver Iron Ore Energy Precious Metals Base Metals Back Global Economy US Economy Chinese Economy European Economy Japanese Economy Emerging Markets Back Financial System Inflation Interest Rates Debt & Deficits Banks Back About Subscribe For Free Editors FAQ Contact Us Back x Download Your FREE Report: Five Fatal Stocks You MUST Sell Now These five blue chip stocks represent 38% of the Australian market. If Markets and Money Editor Vern Gowdie is right, each one could be wiped out when the upcoming financial crisis hits. The time to sell these stocks is NOW. In this special report you’ll discover the signs that point to an imminent financial market collapse more disastrous than the GFC and what you can do right now to protect your livelihood and wealth. To download this special investor report right now and take out a FREE subscription to Markets and Money. Simply enter your email address in the box below and click ‘Send My Free Report’. We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time. x
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Gayatri Gupte Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market latest research report provides in-depth analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure forecast until 2021. The report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market. Report analysts forecast the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Driving factors: – High penetration of mobile computing devices. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Challenges: – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Trends: – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Get a PDF Sample of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Segment by Regions mainly contain Americas, APAC and EMEA with Leading Key vendors Google, Apple, Here, Micello, and many Other prominent vendors. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Detailed TOC of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry research report is a meticulous investigation of current scenario of the market, which covers several market dynamics. The Europe Acrylate Monomer market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. The thorough analysis in this report enables investors, CEOs, traders and suppliers to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10723062 A complete analysis of the competitive landscape of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is provided in the report. This section includes company profiles of market key players. The profiles include contact information, gross, capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. This report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report, thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market players. Purchase report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10723062   In the end, the report elaborates the Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) overview various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analyzed. Some Major Point cover in this report are: – What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) in 2021? What are the key factors driving, Analysis by Applications and Countries Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) industry? What are Dynamics, This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, and price analysis of top Manufacturers Profiles of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Who are Opportunities, Risk and Driving Force of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Knows Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing and Downstream Buyers Who are the key vendors in Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) space? Business Overview by Type, Applications, Gross Margin and Market Share What are the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market? Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsIndoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry Outlook, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blockchain Technology Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Next PostNext Narcotics Scanner Market 2017 Outlook with Comprehensive Analysis of the Current Trends and Future Estimations 2021 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Gayatri Gupte Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market latest research report provides in-depth analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure forecast until 2021. The report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market. Report analysts forecast the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Driving factors: – High penetration of mobile computing devices. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Challenges: – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Trends: – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Get a PDF Sample of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Segment by Regions mainly contain Americas, APAC and EMEA with Leading Key vendors Google, Apple, Here, Micello, and many Other prominent vendors. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Detailed TOC of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry research report is a meticulous investigation of current scenario of the market, which covers several market dynamics. The Europe Acrylate Monomer market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. The thorough analysis in this report enables investors, CEOs, traders and suppliers to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10723062 A complete analysis of the competitive landscape of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is provided in the report. This section includes company profiles of market key players. The profiles include contact information, gross, capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. This report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report, thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market players. Purchase report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10723062   In the end, the report elaborates the Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) overview various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analyzed. Some Major Point cover in this report are: – What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) in 2021? What are the key factors driving, Analysis by Applications and Countries Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) industry? What are Dynamics, This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, and price analysis of top Manufacturers Profiles of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Who are Opportunities, Risk and Driving Force of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Knows Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing and Downstream Buyers Who are the key vendors in Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) space? Business Overview by Type, Applications, Gross Margin and Market Share What are the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market? Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsIndoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry Outlook, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blockchain Technology Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Next PostNext Narcotics Scanner Market 2017 Outlook with Comprehensive Analysis of the Current Trends and Future Estimations 2021 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Gayatri Gupte Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market latest research report provides in-depth analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure forecast until 2021. The report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market. Report analysts forecast the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Driving factors: – High penetration of mobile computing devices. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Challenges: – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Trends: – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Get a PDF Sample of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Segment by Regions mainly contain Americas, APAC and EMEA with Leading Key vendors Google, Apple, Here, Micello, and many Other prominent vendors. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Detailed TOC of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry research report is a meticulous investigation of current scenario of the market, which covers several market dynamics. The Europe Acrylate Monomer market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. The thorough analysis in this report enables investors, CEOs, traders and suppliers to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10723062 A complete analysis of the competitive landscape of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is provided in the report. This section includes company profiles of market key players. The profiles include contact information, gross, capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. This report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report, thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market players. Purchase report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10723062   In the end, the report elaborates the Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) overview various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analyzed. Some Major Point cover in this report are: – What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) in 2021? What are the key factors driving, Analysis by Applications and Countries Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) industry? What are Dynamics, This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, and price analysis of top Manufacturers Profiles of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Who are Opportunities, Risk and Driving Force of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Knows Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing and Downstream Buyers Who are the key vendors in Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) space? Business Overview by Type, Applications, Gross Margin and Market Share What are the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market? Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsIndoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry Outlook, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blockchain Technology Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Next PostNext Narcotics Scanner Market 2017 Outlook with Comprehensive Analysis of the Current Trends and Future Estimations 2021 Posted on 5 June 2017 by Gayatri Gupte Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market latest research report provides in-depth analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure forecast until 2021. The report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market. Report analysts forecast the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Driving factors: – High penetration of mobile computing devices. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Challenges: – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Trends: – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Get a PDF Sample of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Segment by Regions mainly contain Americas, APAC and EMEA with Leading Key vendors Google, Apple, Here, Micello, and many Other prominent vendors. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Detailed TOC of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry research report is a meticulous investigation of current scenario of the market, which covers several market dynamics. The Europe Acrylate Monomer market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. The thorough analysis in this report enables investors, CEOs, traders and suppliers to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10723062 A complete analysis of the competitive landscape of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is provided in the report. This section includes company profiles of market key players. The profiles include contact information, gross, capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. This report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report, thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market players. Purchase report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10723062   In the end, the report elaborates the Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) overview various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analyzed. Some Major Point cover in this report are: – What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) in 2021? What are the key factors driving, Analysis by Applications and Countries Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) industry? What are Dynamics, This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, and price analysis of top Manufacturers Profiles of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Who are Opportunities, Risk and Driving Force of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Knows Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing and Downstream Buyers Who are the key vendors in Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) space? Business Overview by Type, Applications, Gross Margin and Market Share What are the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market? Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsIndoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry Outlook, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blockchain Technology Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Next PostNext Narcotics Scanner Market 2017 Outlook with Comprehensive Analysis of the Current Trends and Future Estimations 2021 Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Essence distilled Samsung Galaxy S8 review - - - Google Chromecast Ultra currently going for as low as $59 in US Post your comment Comments (6) Himanshu 05 June 2017 Google Deals The Google Chromecast Ultra has received an official price cut in the United States. The device is currently going for as low as $59, which translates into a discount of around $10. Aside from Google, third-party retailers such as Best Buy, B&H, and Walmart are also selling the device at discounted rates. The dongle was launched back in October last year, and this is not the first time it has received a price cut. Feature-wise, the device is capable of streaming 4K videos, and also supports HDR video content and Dolby Vision. It packs hardware that's 1.8x faster than the previous Chromecast. Source | Via Related articles Oculus app for Samsung Gear VR gets Chromecast support Google Chromecast Ultra receives a price cut in US YouTube for iOS gets lockscreen controls for Chromecast Google Chromecast currently going for $25 in US Reader comments GiantHT uF4q 06 Jun 2017 There are 1000s of people who doesnt own a smart TV, they could convert their TV in to a smart one with this cheap device. simple as that Reply Anonymous GBax 05 Jun 2017 The point of this device is for those who don't have a smart tv Reply bruhny Y7uf 05 Jun 2017 I too have the first gen model! Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 6 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 74,060 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 63,457 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 60,318 4. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 56,329 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 48,232 6. Nokia 6 47,640 7. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 43,717 8. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 42,719 9. Apple iPhone 6 40,194 10. Motorola Moto Z2 Play 37,652 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,212 2. OnePlus 3 1,698 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,687 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,661 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,544 6. HTC 10 1,478 7. LG G5 1,236 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,198 9. OnePlus 3T 932 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 885 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Search Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Deals LEGO City Volcano Exploration Base Set for $67 + free shipping LEGO City Volcano Exploration Base Set for $67 + free shipping Published: 3 days ago / Buy Now $67 Buy Now For in-store pickup only, and with stock varying by ZIP code, Walmart offers the LEGO City Volcano Exploration Base Set for $67. ( Amazon charges the same with free shipping.) That's tied with our mention from three weeks ago and the lowest price we could find by $14. (Most major retailers charge around $85 to $95.) This 824-piece set features a mobile operations center, excavator, wheeled dumper, drone, boulder rack, volcano with an eruption function, and six minifigures. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL Razor Jr. Kuties Scooter for $32 + pickup at Walmart Corona Flip Flop Pool Floats for $33 + free shipping LEGO Architecture Eiffel Tower for $32 + pickup at Walmart Star Trek U.S.S. Enterprise 2.4GHz RC Drone for $35 + pickup at Walmart Popular deals Denon AVR-S510 5.2 A/V Bluetooth Receiver - $279.99 Amazon Gold Box Canon EOS Rebel T3 w/ 18-55mm IS II Lens - $329.00 TPO Mobile: Up To 65% Off Prepaid Plans Lenovo IdeaPad Miix 700 2-in-1 PC - $1049.00 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Business Coach * Business Training * Sales Coach * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News June 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 Don Hutson Ready To Help Your Sales Team In A Number Of Ways   June 4, 2017 - PRLog -- Do you need to find a way to take your business' sales to a new level? It may seem like a tough thing to pull off, but when you have an expert on your side, it can be much more doable. Don Hutson is ready to speak at your next event or conference, and share his tips of the trade with your employees. And, that may be exactly what you need to see some real business growth. Don Hutson can help your sales team in many ways. In fact, he has been asked to provide material for companies like Walmart, AIG, General Mills and more. Don is ready to help your team: • Sell based on value instead of cutting price • Create dynamic sales meetings • Improve sales negotiation skills • Create an effective brand differentiation strategy • Motivate and retain sales people • Compete with global pricing pressures Has the time come for you or your company to see an uptick in those sales numbers? Don Hutson is ready to come out and speak on a variety of important topics, including successful sales strategies, negotiation skills, entrepreneurial mindset, leadership skills, and more. If you want to stand out in a crowded sales industry, it pays to acquire skills from industry experts. Contact Don Hutson, today, and get the process started. For more information visit http://www.donhutson.com or call (901) 767-0000. End Source : Don Hutson Email : ***@squaredmarketing.com Tags : Business Coach, Business Training, Sales Coach Industry : Business Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Square D Marketing PRs Improve My Tomorrow Coaching Provides Free Materials Terri Murphy Will Present At 2017 Real Estate Educators Association Conference In Miami Holcroft Cosmetic & Family Dentistry Offers Endodontics Jeremy Gutierrez Checks Out Energy Efficiency Rankings Anita Lamberti, Realtor, Breaking Records With Home Sales Trending News Fifth Wheel Street Helps Family of Deceased Baby Award winning short film Lone Hunter about racism and gun violence to premiere on Vimeo Shaheen Qureshi Promoted to Literary Agent at DC's Capital Talent Agency Results Physiotherapy Opens Clinic in The Shops at Arbor Walk ResistBest.com: If America Withdraws From The Paris Climate Accord Pact, Who Will Lead The World - China? Top Daily News Award winning short film Lone Hunter about racism and gun violence to premiere on Vimeo - 408 views Shaheen Qureshi Promoted to Literary Agent at DC's Capital Talent Agency - 254 views Somm's Insight: Toasting to Summer with Champagne and Steak at Perry's Steakhouse & Grille - 207 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 202 views BayCoast Bank Names Paul Leveillee as Senior Vice President – Commercial Lending - 135 views Top Weekly News Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1378 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 833 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 819 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 653 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 652 views Top Daily News Award winning short film Lone Hunter about racism and gun violence to premiere on Vimeo - 408 views Shaheen Qureshi Promoted to Literary Agent at DC's Capital Talent Agency - 254 views Somm's Insight: Toasting to Summer with Champagne and Steak at Perry's Steakhouse & Grille - 207 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 202 views BayCoast Bank Names Paul Leveillee as Senior Vice President – Commercial Lending - 135 views Top Weekly News Dallas Cowboy Hall of Famer Randy White Fishes Lake Texoma  to Benefit North Texas Children - 1378 views L-Tron Product Launch for Law Enforcement: Light Grenade - 833 views Three Shamrock Financial Loan Officers Win the Five Star Professional Award - 819 views Ivana Hamilton wins Mrs. Delaware America Pageant 2017. Heads to Mrs. America! - 653 views Bram Weinstein Joins DC's Capital Talent Agency As a New Voice - 652 views PTC News Lennar's Dalton Place Now Open for Tours - 289 views Lennar Announces New Phase of Homes at Tehaleh - 202 views Lennar's Legacy Community Grand Opens Saturday, June 24 - 191 views Move-in by End of Summer at Estates at Heritage El Dorado Hills - 171 views Jun 04, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Cooler temperatures come with chance for mid-week showers Sponsor Weather Edenton family continues weather observation--120 years and counting DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw North Carolina Pitt grad transfer Johnson commits to UNC, unclear on playing status Baseball North Carolina State holds off Kentucky 5-4 in NCAA regional Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Unbundling: When streaming brings diminished returns Davidson's daydreams become Super Regional reality Pitino's Cards primed to pounce in ACC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Latest News Report: Health sciences contribute $3.7B to NC economy (WTW Insider) Latest News Bummer report: NC economy ranks only 15th among 50 states Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislators and their peanut gallery Editorial: End the partisan games, draw legal voting districts now Editorial: Rather than shake the D.C. establishment, Trump brings chaos Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings 5 On Your Side 'Fiduciary Rule' takes effect this week: See how it could affect your retirement 5 On Your Side Don't be corn-fused: See results of pre-popped popcorn tests 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Pets Dog with cancer fulfills bucket list, including marriage Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Comey to testify about conversations with Trump Weather Man films massive tornado in field Live Video Schedule 10a Comey testifies before Senate intel committee Noon WRAL Noon News 2p House holds special redistricting session Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 60° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 60° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-04 22:29:00 Updated: 2017-06-04 22:29:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Father's Day Sale Tags: Freebies Posted 10:29 p.m. Sunday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18FVW Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Swagbucks is currently offering double cash back or more at a number of stores for Father's Day! From Best Buy to Lowes, you'll get cash back (in the form of SB points) for buying your gifts online through Swagbucks. You can also earn SB points for subscriptions to Hulu or Dollar Shave Club. It's a great way to buy the gifts you were already going to get, and Swagbucks offers coupons and deals when you shop online to your favorite stores on top of the points you earn. You can find all of the details HERE. If you haven't signed up for Swagbucks yet, you can also do that at this page and start earning points towards your first free gift card. As a bonus, if you sign up through this link and spend at least $25 shopping online through Swagbucks, you'll get a 200 SB bonus - that's $2 in addition to the points you get for each dollar you spend. See below for a new member sign-up code. These deals will run through Father's Day on Sunday, June 18th. Swagbucks.com HERE in the Swag Code box. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Father's Day Sale 1 Swagbucks website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Opinion DRAUGHON DRAWS: Editorial Cartoons from CBC Opinion Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Pets 7-foot-long alligator visits Myrtle Beach woman's front door Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Political News Mother fears woman accused of leak will be made an example Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast 5 On Your Side Cary man says 'Alexa' disclosed private conversation National News 11-year-old saves drowning classmate Out and About North Hills to unearth time capsule Thursday Local News Schedule: 2017 High school graduations Go Ask Mom 41 FREE summer break activities for kids, families in Raleigh, Triangle Health Team Why dancing is good for your health Go Ask Mom Father's Day: Celebrate dad at one of these 12 events in Raleigh, Triangle Out and About 'Avenue Q' is hilarious, inappropriate and zany Go Ask Mom Look before you lock: Tips to prevent child hot car deaths Out and About Duke lemurs want your old jeans Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Political News Fired FBI director Comey's testimony puts spotlight on Trump Local News Supporter: 'America, you should be ashamed' at attempt to deport Raleigh father National News 'He's killing everybody' woman says as Utah man opens fire Local News Durham mall threatens to tow GoTriangle park-and-ride customers Health Team Number of unnecessary C-sections rising in US, researchers say @NCCapitol NC House votes to loosen gun laws @NCCapitol Cooper tells lawmakers to redraw voting maps @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/8 WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 54° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Wind increasing. A mix of clouds and sun. High 76F. Winds WNW at 20 to 30 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low near 50F. Winds WNW at 15 to 25 mph. Updated: June 8, 2017 @ 6:15 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Letter to the editor: So we're getting another truck stop. This is short-sighted By MATTHEW CLARK Jun 4, 2017 You can’t imagine my elation at the truly exciting news that Tehachapi has approved another truck stop. We’re quickly becoming the truck stop and nail salon capitol of California. This, with the Walmart, is big. Or should I say “bigly?” The “forward” thinking of our City Council astounds me. No, we could actually create an artistic, interesting community, but this City Council has clearly decided to give us more fast-food restaurants and clean showers. Check your facts — fast-food is killing this nation. Tax revenue is good — I pay my fair share, and am willing to pay more, so that isn’t my concern. My concern is this simple-minded attitude from those elected officials representing us. And please don’t be fooled by this near-sighted view of this town — we have a lot to offer. Don’t let this City Council make you think otherwise — do not fall into the trap of our current short-sighted national “leadership.” Clearly, they’re not thinking of the future of this town, or yours. Undoubtedly, they don’t care about your health coverage or global warming, either. 2018 is coming soon. Matthew Clark, Tehachapi +4 Pilot Flying J Travel Center coming to Tehachapi Motorists and truck drivers will have another option for resting and refueling their vehicle… This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Kern County supervisors approve $6 million loan to Fire Department Tehachapi motorcyclist killed in crash Saturday has been identified THS Warrior Boosters Club announces athletes of the month for 2016-17, encourages membership Gargantuan Stratolaunch rolled out for first time at Mojave Air & Space Port in eastern Kern Perfect 10 Gymnastics goes to world championships Kern County firefighters spend time with special needs students at Tompkins How should Tehachapi's transportation dollars be spent? Community reacts strongly at workshop Kurt Reid Liebengood, 1976–2017 Pen in Hand: Even remote backyard ponds can be home to the harmless Sierra Gartersnake Kern County supervisors to approve deal with sheriff's deputies and consider $6 million loan to Fire Department Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections Home News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Digital Privacy Is Making Antitrust Exciting Again Subscribe business culture design gear science security transportation photo video Search business culture design gear science security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine Wired Insider Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Author: Nitasha TikuNitasha Tiku business 06.04.17 08:15 pm Digital Privacy Is Making Antitrust Exciting Again Getty Images Share share tweet comment email Author: Nitasha TikuNitasha Tiku business 06.04.17 08:15 pm Digital Privacy Is Making Antitrust Exciting Again Getty Images A couple weeks ago, during an unassuming antitrust conference at Oxford University, a German bureaucrat uttered a few words that should send a chill through Silicon Valley. In front of a crowd of nearly 200 competition law experts—including enforcement agents, scholars, and economic policy-makers from the United States and Europe—Andreas Mundt, president of Germany’s antitrust agency, Bundeskartellamt, said he was “deeply convinced privacy is a competition issue.” It’s a conviction major tech platforms are listening to closely, especially since Mundt’s agency is in the midst of a high-profile investigation into whether Facebook abused its dominance as a social network by forcing customers to agree to unfair terms about the way the company uses their data. Mundt’s words may have sounded mundane, but his implication was anything but: the world’s foremost antitrust regulators were publicly discussing whether they should intervene if a transaction weakens consumer privacy protections, a pervasive concern in the era of big data. A few years ago, to suggest that enforcement agents should act based on privacy would have be heretical to accepted antitrust dogma, particularly as it’s been practiced in the US. The underlying aim of antitrust regulation is to keep the market humming by promoting competition and limiting barriers to entry (this is why the field is known as competition law outside of the US). For decades, antitrust philosophy in America, and to some extent in Europe, has been shaped by the Chicago School, a highly influential conservative framework that favored big business. Its proponents argued that intervention was only necessary if a business deal hurt consumer welfare, not, for example, smaller competitors. The scope was narrowed further by measuring consumer welfare primarily by whether people had to pay higher prices. This anti-interventionist approach has led to consolidation across the board, from healthcare to pharmaceuticals to telecom. But the fixation on price has been a boon for tech platforms, which have mastered the art of making money off of free products. An intellectual shift among antitrust experts could ultimately pose an existential threat to Silicon Valley—especially to the idea that its companies are simply scrappy, innovative upstarts that won out rather than heavyweight incumbents using valuable data troves and network effects to dominate one niche after the other. For most people, it might still feel hyperbolic to cast tech CEOs as modern-day robber barons or to label Mark Zuckerberg the second-coming of John D. Rockefeller (before the philanthropic rebranding). That’s partly due to the nature of the work. How can software ever be as rapacious as oil refineries or steel? Yet the markets tell a different story. To get a sense of Silicon Valley’s stupefying power writ large, just glance at a list of the world’s top 10 most valuable companies. In the first quarter of 2017, Apple, Alphabet (Google’s parent company), Microsoft, and Amazon inhabited the top four spots; Facebook sat just a few rungs below, at number eight and has already climbed up to number five. Companies that were near the top of the heap just a few years ago—big pharma, big box chains like Walmart, the “big four” Chinese banks, oil conglomerates, household names like Nestle or General Electric—are glaringly absent from the mix. The world’s most valuable resource is now data, and Silicon Valley has cornered the market on amassing personal information. This new world order is one of many reasons why antitrust officials are questioning their methods, even if they’re a bit slow to do so. (Even in the EU, as recently as last fall, Margrethe Vestager, the antitrust czar, was still calling Facebook’s terms of service “a gray area” between privacy and competition.) If competition policy were working, “we wouldn’t have record wealth inequality,” law professor Maurice Stucke says. “We wouldn’t have market power and monopoly profits.” Stucke should know. He’s a former trial attorney for the US Department of Justice’s antitrust division and has published research on algorithmic collusion, big data, and digital cartels. American antitrust statutes like the Sherman Act are broadly worded and largely centered around competition; they don’t explicitly instruct regulators to account for political realities like income inequality or the effect on wealth creation for small businesses. But the number of new companies started has reached a 40-year low, and profits for some US companies are abnormally high compared to GDP. The cracks in the antitrust establishment are starting to show, said Stucke, and experts are wondering if “the emperor maybe has no clothes.” “We are living in a world of extreme consolidation and concentration,” such as the rise of technology platforms, says Lina Khan, a fellow with the Open Markets program at New America, a think tank focused on the intersection of policy and technology. “We have seen the effects of 30 years under this one regime, and it has prompted the community to question whether we’ve gone off course.” Antitrust Busting The history of antitrust interpretation in the US seems to be guided by correcting the mistakes of the past. When President Reagan came into office, the feeling was that government intervention had exceeded its bounds during the 1970s. That left an opening for Yale law school professor Robert Bork to radically redefine the way statutes like the Sherman Antitrust Act, which first passed in the 1890s, were interpreted. (Yes, that Bork. The guy with the doomed Supreme Court nomination, who helped President Nixon fire the James Comey of his day in 1973.) Bork took the position that the goal was consumer welfare in an economic sense and “you can’t really find that” in the statute, says Gary Reback, a Silicon Valley antitrust lawyer famous for fighting Microsoft’s monopoly in the 1990s who now represents some of Google's rivals. The debate about how to police monopolistic practices has also been reinvigorated due to mounting evidence that the status quo has been ineffective. “Even if all you care about is prices or consumer welfare narrowly defined,” Khan says, counterarguments are piling up in studies and white papers, like a recent study which reviewed dozens of mergers permitted by regulators showing and found that prices rose after a merger. Relying on consumer prices to judge the openness of a market can also be misleading when regulating tech companies. “When more and more services are ‘free,’ you can see how that really renders antitrust feeble,” says Khan. After the rapid expansion in social networking and online search, it’s clear that financial power lies in data, not just price. “The Europeans hit on this,” says Stucke. “Data is the new lingua franca. That is the currency, and [tech platforms] can translate that data into dollars.” This is evident in the European Union's intensified scrutiny of how Silicon Valley tech platforms operate. Germany’s antitrust agency is investigating Facebook. The EU conducted an antitrust probe into Amazon’s e-books business deals (the company agreed to change its contract with publishers in May). Days before the Oxford conference, the EU fined Facebook $122 million for making misleading privacy statements to the EU when it acquired WhatsApp for $19 billion in 2014 about the ability to match Facebook and WhatsApp accounts. (The merger of the popular texting apps raised concerns that Facebook’s online advertising business could gain an unfair advantage.)^1^ Days before that, watchdogs in the Netherlands and France slapped Facebook on the wrist for privacy violations. Not everyone finds the Bork School as constricting. Thomas Lenard, senior fellow and president emeritus of the Technology Policy Institute, a conservative think tank based in Washington, D.C., tells WIRED focusing on harm to consumers does leave room for privacy concerns, for example whether a company protects consumer data from theft. Theoretically, “price is a proxy for a whole bunch of attributes,” he says. Enforcement has been less aggressive in US because here antitrust authorities tend to be skeptical of complaints of competitors. “In Europe, they seem to have more of a ‘big is bad’ ideological perspective, which I think at various points and times we have had in this country too,” says Lenard. He also argues that the personal data Facebook and Google have collected is replicable. “They’re not successful because they have a lot of data, they have a lot of data because they’re successful,” says Lenard. “That is really the source of their intellectual capital and analytical ability to create value out.” If you discourage that, “then you’re just basically discouraging success.” The current antitrust debate doesn’t just end with privacy or price, however. Khan says experts are even considering whether the focus should be on consumer welfare. Dominant tech platforms “also affect us as workers, entrepreneurs, and just as citizens,” she explains. In other words, perhaps those disruptive side effects from Silicon Valley’s rise—job loss, misinformation campaigns, inability for young companies to compete—aren't just inevitable casualties but are changes that could be regulated. Of course, just because academics are abuzz doesn’t mean it will ever translate into stricter rules for Silicon Valley, particularly within the US. America has been especially reluctant to intervene because of the presumption that tech is a rapidly-changing market fueled on innovation that regulation would only slow down. “It’s becoming increasingly obvious that that view is misguided," says Khan. "These platforms are so entrenched and have been for awhile.” The Age of Big Tech There is no consensus yet on what should replace the Chicago School, but there is a growing acceptance of the fact that Silicon Valley’s standard line of defense—that competition is only a click away—doesn’t hold. On the same panel at Oxford last week, Mundt told the audience, “Sometimes I doubt that [idea].” Digital competition operates very differently from brick-and-mortar retail stores. “The stickiness of online services is actually quite real,” says Khan. As tech platforms amass more and more data to personally tailor their experience to a consumer, “there is a pretty decent cost to switching.” Consumers who stop using Amazon would lose their purchase history of 10 years. For parents or repeat buyers, that’s not trivial, she says. More Antitrust Geoffrey Manne The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived Klint Finley EU Accuses Google of Antitrust Violations Over Android Klint Finley The FTC May Investigate Google Android for Antitrust Abuses What’s more, Khan says, many of these companies have begun “to play an infrastructure-like role in the economy, so a host of other businesses rely on them.” Amazon is a perfect example of this in e-commerce, although Internet sales currently represent less than 10 percent of retail sales according to recent data from the US Department of Commerce. “One-hundred-plus years ago, if you wanted your goods to get to the market, you had to ride the rails; nowadays, you have to ride Amazon’s rails, be on Amazon’s platform,” Khan says. Google operates in a similar manner, and Reback argues that much of its growth can be traced to acquisitions. “Google’s rise in many ways was attributable to its business [sense], but also the failure to enforce antitrust against Google,” says Reback, the antitrust lawyer. “They acquired Android; they didn’t build it. They acquired much of their advertising [technology].” “This not only enabled them to squelch competition, it has enabled them to control markets such that they get very complete profiles on you, me, everybody,” Reback adds. This is where it gets troubling for consumers. Airlines and credit cards companies, for example, have always collected data. “That’s never really disturbed people in the same way. That data was never used to profile you in terms of how you’d vote in an election.” Speaking of politics, legislators can be influential when determining how antitrust is interpreted, in large part by riling up constituents. On the campaign trail, Donald Trump mentioned blocking the $85 billion AT&T Time Warner merger, giving hope to antitrust activists, but since taking office, he seems to have fallen into a more predictable Republican patterns. Democrats, however, could pick up this drum and beat it loudly during the next election cycles. “Obviously [the Democrats] have no power right now,” says Khan, but even since Hillary Clinton’s defeat in the 2016 presidential election, members of her staff have continued to be in touch with antitrust advocates. Khan also pointed to speeches by Senator Elizabeth Warren, like one this year at the Center for American Progress, where Warren said “It is time to do what Teddy Roosevelt did: pick up the antitrust stick again.” It bodes well that these issues will be “a major part, if not a pillar, of the Democratic party, especially if they are thinking of ways to become more populist on economic issues," says Khan. With or without regulatory follow-through, though, an antitrust renaissance could hit Silicon Valley where it hurts: the public’s good will. (To get a sense of how important consumer perception is, just consider recent photos of Mark Zuckerberg riding a tractor or posing with farm animals.) Reframing tech platforms as entrenched corporations chips away at the narrative that CEOs like Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos ascended to the top because of their technological genius, their ability to see the future, and their innovative new ways of doing business. With an ideological shift, Facebook could look less like benevolent force for connecting the world and more like a $400 billion industrial machine that grew through acquisitions and consolidation, unchecked data-mining, behind-the-scenes lobbying, and suffocation of the very entrepreneurs who look up to their hero, Zuck. In that light, late capitalism looks an awful lot like the Rockefeller version. ^1^UPDATED 1:35pm 6/5/2017: A previous version of this story incorrectly stated the reason that the European Union fined Facebook for its WhatsApp acquisition. Related Video Security How to Make Your Browsing Data More Private than a Thousand Incognito Windows Thanks to an assist from Congress, your cable company has the legal right to sell your web-browsing data without your consent. This is how to protect your data from preying eyes. #Antitrust #data #Facebook #google #privacy Most Popular TV Westworld's Creators Know Why Sci-Fi Is So DystopianAuthor: Maria LokkeMaria Lokke Architecture Apple's Architect Says the Future of Offices Must Be FlexibleAuthor: Elizabeth StinsonElizabeth Stinson Internet of Things Andy Rubin Has a Plan to Smarten Up the Connected HomeAuthor: David PierceDavid PierceMore Stories View Comments Sponsored StoriesPowered By Outbrain Zachary Karabell A Laptop Ban Leaves Everyone Scared and No One Safer Brian Barrett An IBM Breakthrough Ensures Silicon Will Keep Shrinking Nitasha Tiku The Gospel of Hard Work, According to Silicon Valley Cade Metz Google Is Already Late to China's AI Revolution Klint Finley Diversity in Open Source Is Even Worse Than in Tech Overall Issie Lapowsky Even Without Paris, Business Will Leave Trump Behind on Climate Change More business Genetics Crispr May Cure All Genetic Disease—One DayAuthor: Megan MolteniMegan Molteni Healthcare Google’s AI Eye Doctor Gets Ready to Go to Work in IndiaAuthor: Tom SimoniteTom Simonite money The Day Will Come When Your Credit Card Will DisappearAuthor: Klint FinleyKlint Finley WIRED Business Conference How Google Copes When Even It Can't Afford Enough GearAuthor: Klint FinleyKlint Finley Security Hacking Online Hate Means Talking to the Humans Behind ItAuthor: Emily DreyfussEmily Dreyfuss Education In a Fake Fact Era, Schools Teach the ABCs of News LiteracyAuthor: Issie LapowskyIssie Lapowsky We RecommendPowered By Outbrain Klint Finley The New Chrome and Safari Will Reshape the Web Kayla LaCour Women Engineers On the Rampant Sexism of Silicon Valley Issie Lapowsky Trump's Twitter Blocking May Violate First Amendment Klint Finley The End of Net Neutrality Could Shackle the Internet of Things Tom Simonite Apple Just Joined Tech's Great Race to Democratize AI Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. submit Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us Securedrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Megyn Kelly Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Internet Gadgets Security Innovation Mobile Tech May 31 2017, 3:06 pm ET Amazon Just Joined This Exclusive Club as Its Shares Hit $1,000 by Alyssa Newcomb Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Amazon has now joined an exclusive Wall Street club of companies with shares valued at over $1,000 — not bad for a bookseller that took a chance on a mystical place called the world wide web. Just two decades after CEO Jeff Bezos' online retail behemoth went public, the company briefly crossed the $1,000 threshold during trading on Tuesday, beating tech giant Alphabet to the punch. Alphabet's Class A shares opened at $996.21 on Wednesday, a few dollars shy of hitting the four-figure milestone for the first time. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Amazon Opens First New York Brick and Mortar Book Store 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/953661507567" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> While Amazon's shares are now teetering under $1,000, crossing that threshold puts the company in an exclusive club. Only one other technology company — Priceline Group — trades above $1,000, with shares priced at $1,859 as of Wednesday afternoon. Related: 20 Years After Its IPO, How Amazon Changed the Way We Shop A few other U.S. listed companies trade above $1,000 per share, perhaps most notably Warren Buffett's holding company, Berkshire Hathaway, and Seaboard Corporation, an agribusiness and transportation conglomerate. While some mall mainstays have struggled, Amazon has been thriving. It took Amazon 18 years as a publicly traded company to catch up to Walmart, but just two more years to become twice as big as the ultimate brick-and-mortar superstore. Amazon reported a $724 million profit for the first quarter of 2017, delighting investors and propelling its stock even closer to the $1,000 per share milestone. Amazon's mark cap — the total value of outstanding shares — is $475 billion. By comparison, Walmart is worth $237.5 billion. As a company that has forever changed the way we shop and consume, Amazon has also made it a point to eschew some of the traditional practices of other publicly traded companies. Amazon's stock hasn't split in nearly 18 years. While some companies may split as a way to make its shares more affordable and to reward long-term investors, Amazon hasn't bought into the practice. The company's stock has split just three times since it went public in 1997. The following year, Amazon issued a 2-for-1 split. In January 1999, Amazon offered a 3-for-1 split. Later that year, it gave shareholders a 2-for-1 split. Of course, it hasn't always been smooth sailing for Amazon. Remember what a flop the Fire phone — Amazon's entry into the smartphone market — was? That same year, in 2014, the company's aggressive spending seemed to be a red flag to investors after Amazon reported losses of 95 cents per share, while analysts had predicted losses of 74 cents per share. Consistently posting a profit is also something relatively new for Amazon, with the company now on a streak of eight consecutive quarters — perhaps proving to investors who stuck with them that the halcyon days they promised are finally here. Alyssa Newcomb Twitter Email Topics Business News, Internet First Published May 31 2017, 3:06 pm ET Next Story Latest Attack Renews Debate Over Extremists' Use of Social Media advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Recent News Costamare Inc (CMRE) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Diana Shipping Inc. (DSX) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research NorShipping: It’s time to get ahead of the curve Saving marine ecosystems – the ballast water story UN Oceans Conference side-event showcases private sector solutions to worsening climate impacts Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Shipping News / International Shipping News / Shipping Money Makes The World Go Round… Shipping Money Makes The World Go Round… in International Shipping News 05/06/2017 The vast majority of the world’s trade in goods is moved by sea, and it has long been recognised how shipping is a critical element of the global economy, providing the connection between producers and consumers all over the planet. However, what is less frequently mentioned is the tremendous ‘value for money’ with which it does so; this is clearly worth a closer look… Bargain Of The Century? One US dollar doesn’t get you much in today’s world. On the basis of latest prices it would buy 0.025 grams of gold or 2% of a barrel of crude oil. Based on Walmart’s latest online pricing it would buy about half a litre of milk. That’s not a lot whichever way you look at it, in a world economy that is 75 trillion dollars large. But in shipping one dollar still gets you something very substantial. One way of looking at this is to take the movement of cargo in tonne-mile terms and divide it by the estimated value of the fleet. Here, to try to do this in like-for-like terms, the calculation includes crude and oil products, dry bulk, container and gas trade, and the ships that primarily carry those cargoes. On this basis, one dollar of ‘world fleet value’ at the start of May 2017 would have bought 110 tonne-miles in a year, based on 2017 trade projections. What an amazing bargain! One tonne of cargo moved more than 100 miles, per year, all for one little greenback! What’s In A Number? What drives this number? Well the essence of the value of course lies in the huge economies of scale generated by moving cargo by sea in vast quantities at one time over significant distances. The average haul of one tonne in the scope of the cargoes listed above is estimated at 5,016 miles and the average ship size at 58,706 dwt. Of course the amount of tonne-miles per dollar can vary over time, depending on changes in asset market conditions, the underlying cost and complexity of building ships and vessel productivity, speed and utilisation (rates of fleet and trade growth aren’t perfectly aligned most of the time). Across sectors the statistics can vary significantly too. Buy In Bulk One dollar of bulkcarrier and oil tanker tonnage accounts for 154 and 101 tonne-miles of trade per year respectively. For more complex, expensive ships the figure is lower: 20 for gas carriers. For boxships, despite their higher speed, the figure stands at 114. Vessel size (economies of scale in building) and cargo density (this analysis is in tonnes) play a role too in these relative statistics (which also don’t always capture the full range of cargo carried by each ship type). Value For All Time Nevertheless, whatever the precise numbers and changes over time, 110 tonne miles of trade each year for one dollar of asset expenditure just sounds like mighty good value at a time when a dollar doesn’t go very far. This underpins shipping’s ability to carry an estimated 84% of the world’s trade in tonnes and act as the glue holding the globalised economy together. Shipping’s famous volatility retains the ability to make and lose fortunes for asset players but the underlying economic contribution of each dollar invested may just be one of the greatest bargains of all time. Have a nice day. Source: Clarksons Tops 2017-06-05 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Tagged with: Tops Previous: Asia Tankers-VLCC rates to hold steady ahead of possible rebound Next: VLCCs Demand Bound for Slowdown Just As Newbuilding Deliveries are Rising Related News Hellas: Bank Shipfinancing Retreats As Owners Turn to Other Forms of Finance 08/06/2017 Dry Bulk Market FFA: Supramaxes Lose Support 08/06/2017 The Qatar Crisis and Implications for the Tanker Market 08/06/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos Accelerating LNG – Nor-Shipping 2017 Agenda Ocean 08/06/2017 YM World In Ashdod Port (האוניה הגדולה ביותר שהגיע לישראל בנמל אשדוד!) 08/06/2017 Ship ALGOSCOTIA at the Glendale Bridge, Welland Canal 08/06/2017 Ferry Ride View. Bulk Carrier Ship New Leader Schnitzer Steel, Matson Kauai. June 3, 2017 08/06/2017 Teekay Marine Markets – Gas Update, June 2017 08/06/2017 EVER USEFUL Terminal Island San Pedro 17 Apr 2017 08/06/2017 Asia report: No risk takers ahead of ECB and UK election 08/06/2017 Highlights Aasta Hansteen 08/06/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Spurs' Aldridge named one of Forbes' highest-paid athletes Coalition urges San Antonio mayor to support Paris climate Judge consolidates ‘sanctuary city’ lawsuits Converse man’s deadly conduct case could get dismissed Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace BCSO: Suspect fired AK-47 at repo man, barricaded himself inside 3 shot after planned street fight on Southwest Side Suspicious package prompts evacuation at federal building in Krupa was dedicated to Catholic education US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Multiple threats could lead to downfall of Brazil president The Latest: London attack venue slowly turns toward normal Florida flooding forces outlet mall to close for 2nd day "You disappeared?" A wife seeks her husband missing in China Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Developer delays plan for apartment that would exceed Mission SXSW won’t leave Texas because of ‘sanctuary cities’ law Spy agency that helped take down Bin Laden sets up NGA office in Five San Antonio companies make Fortune 500 list Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Spurs' Aldridge named one of Forbes' highest-paid athletes Football: Northside promotes Stevens’ Hemphill to assistant UT coach Tom Herman to feature on cover of Dave Campbell's Texas Baseball: Moczygemba leaving Brandeis for Canyon Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Where to eat in San Antonio this Father’s Day Instagram photos show the first week crowds, food at S.A.'s new Max's Wine Dive unleashes new summer menu Review: Grass-fed, vegan goodness grows in Stone Oak Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties S.A. shines in 'Si Una Vez' remix music video starring Becky G, Folklife festival makes room for robots Book review: Mystery writer Nesbø a master at misdirection, Book review: Facebook boss’ new book generous, honest, poignant Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Popovich-Kerr 2020 presidential ticket gains steam with online Meet the San Antonio firefighter, Navy vet who may be the next Internet loves photo of SAPD officer helping Holmes student get Report: Texas duo's 85-pound catfish sets national noodling Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla The problem with GOP platform is there isn’t one Food, energy as sources of U.S. polarization Trump totally misunderstands climate change Language can distort political views Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Jeep redesigns the Compass for 2017, adding beefier styling, new Jaguar 2017 XF R-Sport brings driving fun, technology, lots of Redesigned 2017 Mazda CX-5 compact crossover now arriving; prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Private-sector employers step up hiring in Texas in May World economy seen picking up, political uncertainty a risk Uber housecleaning only beginning with firing of more than 20 Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/crime/article/Man-found-in-Wal-Mart-parking-lot-with-11195011.php Man found in Wal-Mart parking lot with self-inflicted gunshot wound By Nicole M. Bautista, Staff Writer Updated 10:58 pm, Monday, June 5, 2017 Photo: Google Maps Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 A 27-year-old man was found dead in the parking lot of Wal-Mart at 6102 FM 3009 in Schertz, Texas, just outside of San Antonio on Sunday, June 4, 2017. In a news release, Schertz police say the man suffered a self-inflicted single gunshot wound to his head. less A 27-year-old man was found dead in the parking lot of Wal-Mart at 6102 FM 3009 in Schertz, Texas, just outside of San Antonio on Sunday, June 4, 2017. In a news release, Schertz police say the man suffered a ... more Photo: Google Maps Image 2 of 2 A 27-year-old man was found dead in the parking lot of Wal-Mart at 6102 FM 3009 in Schertz, Texas, just outside of San Antonio on Sunday, June 4, 2017. In a news release, Schertz police say the man suffered a self-inflicted single gunshot wound to his head. less A 27-year-old man was found dead in the parking lot of Wal-Mart at 6102 FM 3009 in Schertz, Texas, just outside of San Antonio on Sunday, June 4, 2017. In a news release, Schertz police say the man suffered a ... more Photo: Google Maps Man found in Wal-Mart parking lot with self-inflicted gunshot wound 1 / 2 Back to Gallery SCHERTZ - A 27-year-old man was found in the parking lot of Walmart Sunday afternoon with a self-inflicted gunshot wound, according to officials. Christopher Dillard was found in his vehicle that was parked near the Wal-Mart at 6102 FM 3009 about noon. In a news release, Schertz police say Dillard suffered a self-inflicted single gunshot wound to his head. Emergency personnel with Schertz Fire Department began life saving techniques upon arrival. Dillard was transported to Brooke Army Medical Center where he later died, officials said. Officers notified Dillard's family. No other information was released.  nbautista@express-news.net Comey Testifies Joaquin Castro calls for public release of Comey, Trump... Key moments leading to fired FBI director's testimony Comey details ‘awkward silence’ during dinner with Trump Timeline: Probes into Russia, Trump campaign    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest BCSO: Suspect fired at repo man, barricaded himself with kids 3 shot after planned street fight on SW Side TV show canceled after 1 season at Fox S. TX girl not wearing seatbelt during fatal crash, police say Spurs' star named one of Forbes' highest-paid athletes 5 San Antonio companies make Fortune 500 list State: $24.3M in lottery tickets won at S.A. spots Report: Fastest selling cars in 2016 Popovich-Kerr 2020 presidential ticket gains steam with online... Stolen pickup found impaled on 30 feet of steel guardrail Internet responds after Eric Trump calls father's critics 'not... List: S.A.-area suburb lands among Texas' safest Nice S.A. neighborhoods with high crime rates 2 Texas cities among 'most dangerous' in U.S. Photos show chaos near Alamo after 'suspicious package' found Family: Teen held dying S.A. mom in arms after gunman shot her SAPD: Man steals squad car, gives chase, fights 2 officers Best and worst dressed at 2017 CMT Awards Supermodel suffers second wardrobe malfunction Photos: S.A. club celebrates 3 years with celebrity guest S.A. firefighter competing for Sexiest Vegan title S.A. policewoman wins The Fittest Games championship 21 of the hottest fitness trainers, coaches in San Antonio Recent Breaking News San Antonio man fatally shot by DPS hours after being accused... 3 shot after planned street fight on Southwest Side SAPD: Person of interest in River Walk slaying of transgender... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Suspicious package prompts evacuation at federal building in... 2 Father of UT-Austin stabbing victim dies after battle with ALS 3 4-year-old dies of 'dry drowning' nearly a week after swimming... 4 SJ woman flung from golf cart, dies after falling on wine... 5 Internet loves photo of SAPD officer helping Holmes student... 6 Relative says 15-year-old held dying S.A. mother in arms after... 7 Tom E. Turner Sr. estate finally sold after 7 years on the market 8 San Antonio's cleanest restaurants: Perfect health inspections... 9 Car-Vel Skateland responds to claims that customers were... 10 Five San Antonio companies make Fortune 500 list 11 Fans 'disown' former Spur Robert Horry after he appears to... 12 Popular Olmos Park coffee shop shut down 13 San Antonio's first cat cafe coming this summer 14 Instagram photos show the first week crowds, food at S.A.'s... 15 SAPD: Man steals squad car, leads police on high-speed chase,... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in blockbuster 'Super Bowl of Washington' event Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to him personally  Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of them will leave you seething) Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to ensure the perfect night's sleep Believing in God could help combat type 2 diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying smudges from your walls) 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery after last ditch appeal fails   What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say about you Playboy model, 27, reveals she had to celebrate first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating leftovers and the BEST topping to choose to get your money's worth  Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre because 'she believed it was a hoax' is jailed for five months and banned from visiting conspiracy websites 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona retiree's attic is a Jackson Pollock worth at least $10m  Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and even LOBSTER (and they probably eat better than you) Former bus driver who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to become an ISIS suicide bomber and spending months training with the jihadis Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and putting them in a paper bag is no better)  Previous Next 'Cash me outside' teen sues game developers for $1million claiming they stole her 'intellectual property' by using her infamous catchphrase Danielle Bregoli launched a trademark suit against game developers Thursday The suit filed by 14-year-old's mom and management firm claims $1M+ damages South Florida teen accuses game developer of ripping off her catchphrase Developer tells DailyMail.com he will 'fight any accusations to the fullest extent' Danielle shot to fame after a September appearance on 'The Dr. Phil Show' where she challenged the audience to a fight, saying: 'Cash me ousside, how bow dah' Now she embarks on a national speaking tour and has signed a reality show deal By Keith Griffith and Emily Crane and Chris Spargo For Dailymail.com Published: 15:11 EDT, 4 June 2017 | Updated: 17:27 EDT, 4 June 2017 e-mail 74 shares 96 View comments The teenager who shot to fame after challenging her critics to 'Cash me outside' is now daring a video game developer to catch her in court. Danielle Bregoli, 14, is seeking more than $1million from game developers who allegedly used her catchphrase, according to a trademark suit filed Thursday in South Florida federal court.  The video game suit, filed by Danielle's mother Barbara Ann Bregoli and their company, Dani B Holdings LLC, accuses smartphone game maker Anonymous Games Inc of infringing her intellectual property rights in its games 'Cash Me Outside' and 'How Bow Dat', according to court filings reported by the Palm Beach Post. Danielle shot to fame after a September episode of Dr. Phil - titled I Want To Give Up My Car-Stealing, Twerking 13-Year-Old Daughter Who Tried To Frame Me For A Crime - in which she challenged the live studio audience to fight, saying 'Cash me ousside, how bow dah?'  Scroll down for videos  Danielle Bregoli (left with mother Barbara Ann) is defending her 'intellectual property' in a new lawsuit against the makers of the Cash Me Outside smartphone game (right) The suit alleges Cash Me Outside is an 'exceedingly simple and completely unoriginal game', but demands all gross revenue generated by the smartphone game Danielle shot to fame after a September episode of Dr. Phil titled I Want To Give Up My Car-Stealing, Twerking 13-Year-Old Daughter Who Tried To Frame Me For A Crime (pictured)  Federal records show numerous trademark applications by Dani B Holdings for variations on the phrase made in late April and early May. Danielle's legal team had previously fired off threats of a lawsuit against retail giant Walmart, which they accused of selling apparel branded with the phrase. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The ridiculous rider for 'Cash me outside' girl's national... 'Cash me outside' sensation Danielle Bregoli, 14, embarking... Share this article Share Anonymous Inc owner Matthew Gruettner, who is also named in the suit, vowed to vigorously contest Danielle's claims in court.  'We never had any type of deal worked out with [Danielle] but the truth will come out in court as we intend to fight any accusations to the fullest extent,' Gruettner said in a statement to DailyMail.com. Gruettner went on to say that he had changed the name of the games only after he saw Danielle's lawyers file trademark applications in late April and early May. 'I normally make games off trending topics and make sure to not use any trademark or copyrighted assets - that’s why I changed the name of the game to remove the phrase back in April,' he explained.  'Naming random companies with no involvement seems frivolous and is a blatant misuse of our court system. We expect this dismissed immediately,' Gruettner said.  The game developer named in the trademark suit had removed 'How Bow Dat' from Apple's App Store as of Sunday, and the game 'Cash Me Outside' had been re-named 'Get Cash Outside'. Danielle is preparing to embark on a national speaking tour and has signed a reality show deal As of Sunday, and the game 'Cash Me Outside' had been re-named 'Get Cash Outside'. The company describes the game as a chance to 'Run and jump your way out of trouble while collecting bands of cash' The re-branded Get Cash Outside game is described by the company as a chance to 'Run and jump your way out of trouble while collecting bands of cash.' The suit alleges that it is an 'exceedingly simple and completely unoriginal game' that makes money from advertisements and in-app purchases. The lawsuit demands an award of all gross revenue derived directly or indirectly from the games. Additional defendants named by the suit, Josiah Jenkins and two other gaming companies, Appnoxious LLC and Squad Social LLC, 'were not involved in the making of that game' said Gruettner. The suit comes as Danielle embarks on a high-profile national speaking tour, for which she's issued an outrageous set of demands in her tour rider. Danielle is set to pocket $50,000 at each stop of her national tour - assuming she has sold out crowds - where she will lip-sync, answer questions from the crowd and finish off by roasting guests.   In addition to the $50,000 she is expected to make, the youngster has demanded $750 per diem, $3,000 for security costs and a minimum of four-star accommodation, TMZ reported.   Bregoli has also specifically requested three fidget spinners, four large Domino's pizzas, a fruit platter with no pineapple, five Gildan or Fruit of the Loom brand white tank tops and a 50 inch TV with Netflix and a DVD player so she can watch Paris Hilton in 'House of Wax'. Bregoli has also specifically requested four large Domino's pizzas, a fruit platter with no pineapple and a 50 inch TV with Netflix and a DVD player Only two venues in Fort Lauderdale and Houston have been secured since she signed the deal with Live Nation. They will consider booking more shows if the first two go well.  The national tour is a pretty impressive first job for Danielle, who just turned 14 in March.  News of the tour comes two months after reports first surfaced claiming that Danielle was poised to take home $1million as a result of her viral video fame. That claim was viewed as ridiculous and outrages by many, but now seems to be a low estimate given how quickly the teenager has found success on a number of platforms.  Danielle has also ditched her hometown of Boynton Beach, Florida and headed west to Hollywood, where she is developing a number of project. and signed a deal for her own reality show.  In addition to the $50,000 she is expected to make, the youngster has demanded $750 per diem and $3000 for security costs. Danielle now travels with her bodyguard Frank (pair above earlier this month) The teenager has also demanded five Gildan or Fruit of the Loom brand white tank tops and three fidget spinners as part of her tour rider More recently, she launched a YouTube channel, where in the past three weeks she has garnered over 1million views on each of the six videos she posted on the site. The most popular are her two roasts, with a video in which she mocked the fashions at the annual Met Ball closing in on 5million viewers three weeks after the event and another in which she criticized the lip-syncing videos of fellow teens on the Musical.ly app being watched over 1million times in just its first three days.  Danielle does not hold back in the videos either, going after her famous and non-famous subjects with the same disapproval in foul-mouthed attacks where she makes fun of their clothing, facial features and anything else that comes to her mind. In the description section of the Met Gala video, Danielle wrote: 'If any celebrities feelings were hurt in the making of this video, good.'  Danielle has also been the subject of some mockery by celebrities as well, with David Spade joking that her 15 minutes of fame were up after meeting the teenager at event. A star is scorned: She recently mocked David Spade on Instagram, saying she thought he was a waiter when she met him earlier this month (above) Running commentary: A YouTube video of the teenager roasting celebrities at the Met Gala has been viewed over 4million times in three weeks (above) Spade, 52, also admitted to being a bit upset by how 'underwhelmed' Danielle was to meet him.   Danielle responded by reposting Spade's photo and writing: 'No lie, I thought dis guy was the waiter.' She currently has a combined total of over 11million followers on  Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, numbers that are continuing to rapidly grow.  Danielle's path to fame has been unlikely from the start, beginning with her first appearance on 'The Dr. Phil Show' last September in a segment about out-control teenagers. She was 13 at the time, and studio audience quickly turned on the youngster as her mother detailed how Danielle would frequently run away from home and steal her credit cards. That only seemed to embolden Danielle though, who referred to the studio guests as 'w****s' and eventually challenged them to a post-show fight, screaming: 'Cash me ousside, how bow dah.' As a result of that one line, Danielle's interview quickly went viral, and from there an Internet celebrity was born. It is Instagram where Danielle has managed to find the most success however, amassing 10million followers as of June. That is more than double any of the women who appear on any of Bravo's 'Real Housewives' franchise.  This gets her some hefty paychecks for promotions, which she has been doing more and more frequently these days. Those posts tend to contain less profanity than her personal uploads on the site.  She managed to stay in the news with antics like getting into a fist fight on a Spirit Airlines flight, an incident that was conveniently caught on camera an d earned her a lifetime ban from the budget airline.  Officers have also been to the Florida home she shared with her equally opinionated mother Barbara Ann for lewd and lascivious behavior, general disturbances, fraud and obscene calls. Police were called 51 times last year alone for a range of offenses including stolen cars, verbal threats and domestic tiffs. Those days seem to be past Danielle however, who now travels around with her very own bodyguard, Frank Dellatto. She recently posted a photo of the two in Los Angeles and wrote: 'My catchin people ousside days is over. Get em Fwank.'  Danielle then added: 'jk I'll still fucc ya a** up too #dontmesswitus.'  Read more: 'Cash Me Outside' Girl Danielle Bregoli Going on Tour | TMZ.com 'Cash Me Outside' Girl Danielle Bregoli's Tour Rider Includes 4-Star, Fruity Demands | TMZ.com 'Cash Me Outside" girl sues gaming company for using her phrase Share or comment on this article e-mail 74 shares Most watched News videos Disturbing video shows final moments of Denny's chokehold victim Rex and Bob Ryan in a scuffle while in Nashville The floor is definitely lava! Toddler defiantly avoids touching grass 'Leave!': Man verbally abuses muslim girls in a restaurant US contractor Reality Winner charged with leaking top-secret memo Huge alligator spotted on golf course in South Carolina Bill Cosby leaves court after day 1 of his sex assault trial Donald Trump wishes James Comey ‘Luck’ on his testimony Robbery suspect in deadly shoot out with police in Baltimore Crazy McDonald's customer jumps over counter to attack worker TV reporter goes off on INSANELY vulgar tirade at police officer John Oliver blasted US coverage of the London terror attack Wheelchair bound woman sues United Airlines claiming she... Married teacher, 39, who 'filmed herself having... Hunt for tattooed woman who 'drugged and robbed two... EXCLUSIVE: 'Nothing adds up' - Reality Winner's parents... American Airlines crew member, 50, is arrested after... Indiana couple and their son, 14, named as victims of... 'Why I disagree with my dad': Ivanka Trump's US Weekly is... 'That little body looked like it had been pulverized from... Gloria Allred is kicked out of Bill Cosby trial after her... Trump feels 'totally vindicated' by Comey testimony that... Oliver Stone says Megyn Kelly 'didn't know her stuff'... Louisiana man is charged over murder of missing massage... Jilted girlfriend, 27, 'went to ex-boyfriend's house on a... Please stop tweeting! Americans think Trump tweets too... 'Normal New York City conversation!' Chris Christie... Aspiring model, 22, who once competed in the Miss Asia... PICTURED: California woman, 58, killed by shards of glass... Vladimir Putin slams Hillary Clinton saying she 'abused... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 96 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Stunning wife of Chicago Cubs baseball star Addison Russell accuses him of cheating on her on Instagram  The couple wed last June and have two kids Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem Study done at FSU 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals her healthier figure a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  She's her mini me! Reese Witherspoon and daughter Ava, 17, wow in patterned dresses for NET-A-PORTER X Draper James event Lookalike daughter Laughing it off! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian collapse into a fit of giggles after filming in LA... after disowning Caitlyn Jenner on KUWTK Activewear flair! Makeup-free Jessica Gomes dresses up her gym gear with a Yves Saint Laurent handbag as she steps out in Beverly Hills 'So proud': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend support daughter Luna, 14 months, as she throws out first pitch at Seattle Mariners game Held tight by her father Solemn Prince William visits Flanders in Belgium to pay tribute to Irish unionist and nationalist soldiers who fought side-by-side in World War One EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton's new flame revealed! Meet fashion model James Abercrombie who is heir to a whopping $430m fortune  No wonder they're shredded! Chelsea Clinton sticks with her favorite pair of frayed nude heels AGAIN as she steps out in New York for awards dinner Caitlyn Jenner looks downcast as she steps out in Malibu amid claims relationship with Kendall and Kylie has become 'very strained' Been a rough few weeks Scott who? A very happy Bella Thorne twerks in the street as she picks up some lunch with her sister Dani in LA... after Disick romance turned sour She's a knockout! Demi Lovato shows off gym-toned body while wearing boxing handwraps on set of Kate Hudson's Fabletics advertisement Winnie Harlow takes the plunge in feathered gown before breaking down in emotional speech... as Jourdan Dunn flashes underwear at Glamour Awards ABS-olutely fabulous! Kylie Jenner flaunts midriff in tiny crop top as she enjoys dinner date with Travis Scott at Miami chicken restaurant Jennifer Garner flaunts her svelte figure and slender legs in kooky pastel pineapple print midi dress at fashion launch in Los Angeles She looked great Save Tonka! The Good Wife star Alan Cumming fights back against 'filthy' animal facility in Missouri with a new petition to free ex chimp co-star Va va voom! Christie Brinkley flashes cleavage in sassy LBD as she leads the stars at Nightcap premiere Youthful beauty 63, continues to drop jaws  'We found each other': Simon Cowell shows his softer side on America's Got Talent as he cuddles a furry cat and hits Golden Buzzer for a deaf singer      DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Little People Big World's Jeremy and Audrey Roloff become first-time homeowners after plunking down $465k on four-bedroom home It's in the jeans! Gigi Hadid and mom Yolanda are a matching pair in denim as Bella shows off her legs for dinner in New York Head-turning trio Dazzling in white! Glowing Amy Schumer reveals ample bosom in plunging gown as she gives speech at Designing Women Awards Gala Belle of the ball! Heidi Klum channels Beauty And The Beast in yellow dress before slipping into multiple outfits for Project Runway photo shoot in NYC Felicity Jones shows off dazzling engagement ring for the first time... as she gives flash of side-boob in a ruffled backless gown at Glamour Awards Flashing her tummy! Empire star Serayah McNeill shows off her toned belly while leaving a music studio Strutted to her car after leaving a music studio Melania Trump as you've definitely never seen her before: Sculptor creates statue in honor of the First Lady... but doesn't quite capture her beauty  It's getting hot in here! Game Of Thrones season 7 will break the world record for the amount of times someone is set on fire Heating things up 'On Broadway in 2018!' Cher confirms stage musical of her life will debut at NYC theater next year Show will Turn Back Time for legend Chivalry in the city! Flawless Sarah Jessica Parker is kept dry by hunky PA carrying an umbrella during a rainy day of filming in NYC Filming HBO's Divorce Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Carey Mulligan displays rounded bump as she films scenes for new BBC crime drama in Westminster amid pregnancy rumors Busting out! Salma Hayek showcases her bountiful bosom as she enjoys massage before film premiere She's preparing to promote her latest film Biker chic! Mariah Carey pours her curves into ripped skinny jeans and cropped leather jacket in Beverly Hills Added a pair of funky black leather boots She can sing, too! Nicole Kidman gives a rockin' impromptu performance of Proud Mary on The Late Late Show with James Corden 'I needed help getting laid!' Ed Sheeran insists his 'unfortunate looks' led to God-given music talent... before gorging 55 Maltesters during Carpool Karaoke  Who needs a wife when you have these ladies? Single Tom Cruise looks smitten with his stunning Mummy co-stars at NYC premiere Aaron Rodgers 'still not on speaking terms with his family' after Olivia Munn split The 33-year-old NFL superstar 'still has not reconciled with family' Eva Mendes makes rare public appearance in tight denim for some errands in Beverly Hills Popped up in public rocking a striped ensemble Time to find love! Corinne Olympios, DeMario Jackson and Amanda Stanton join season four of Bachelor In Paradise...as full roster is revealed Michelle Obama laments how Barack wore exact same tux for eight years and no one commented - while she was scrutinized for every dress choice Chloe Grace Moretz highlights her enviably lean legs in horse patterned Coach dress for the brand's summer bash Leggy lady!  No time for a blow out! Courteney Cox leaves a Beverly Hills salon with damp locks... but makes up for it by wearing chic $1,500 Chanel shoes Busy woman A sultry summer look in silk! Hilary Duff is ready for a heatwave in tie-dyed dress while walking her puppy Momo on Younger set in NYC Leaving them shaken and stirred! James Bond star Pierce Brosnan thrills fans by stopping for photos Cuddled up to a pair of lovelies 'Just to be in your arms again': Iman posts touching message to late husband David Bowie on what would have been 25th wedding anniversary Flower power! Jessica Biel steps out solo looking pretty as a petal in floral print jumpsuit in New York City completed her outfit with nude Louboutin heels Just like home! Prince Harry is handed a cup of tea and a chocolate cookie by admirers as he gets soaked by torrential rain in Sydney during royal visit Look away Meghan! Prince Harry charms the ladies during his visit to Australia to launch Invictus Games   Pictured sharing a laugh with various ladies Belle of the ball! Stars like Kate Bosworth and Selena Gomez don the season's most popular statement-making earrings and YOU can too Millie Bobby Brown shows off her playful side on the red carpet at Netflix event for Stranger Things The 13-year-old seemed to be having fun Letting her beau guide the way! Ariel Winter holds onto boyfriend of six months Levi Meaden as they leave a grocery store Linked arms Jennifer Hudson looks magnetic in strapless monochrome dress as she scoops Trailblazer trophy at the Glamour Women of the Year awards in London  'I'm 2,000 years old': Tom Cruise acts out scenes based on The Mummy written by kids as he appears on The Tonight Show Loving it  'Don't remember all of them': Nicole Kidman recalls wild parties and drinking absinthe during filming for Moulin Rouge as she reunited with co-star Ewan McGregor Rosé-colored locks! Amber Heard flaunts freshly dyed pink hair after laughing off wine mishap during Aquaman cast party on the Gold Coast Ariana Grande's beautiful and heart-rending version of Over The Rainbow released as a single to benefit Manchester victims 22 people were killed Is this what Ella and Alexander Clooney will look like? George and Amal's twins imagined as cherubic toddlers in computer-generated images  Frozen in time! Vanilla Ice, 49, looks fresh faced as he touches down in Melbourne with Salt-N-Pepa for the 'I Love The 90s' Australian tour Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Nikki Reed cuts effortlessly stylish figure in flowing grey dress as she grabs dinner with husband Ian Somerhalder Her cup runneth over! Vanessa Hudgens sips on champagne as she cuts a casually chic figure while shopping for new shoes at Neiman Marcus She looks like a college student! Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio wears backpack and sweatshirt as she arrives in London Her little man: Kourtney Kardashian bonds with son Mason Disick, 7, as she joins sister Kim for KUWTK filming Played the doting mom as she stepped out in LA Ready to Rambo! Brooklyn Beckham channels military chic in ripped khaki t-shirt and camouflage combats ... and a headband inspired by dad David  Meg flyin'! Sleepless In Seattle star Ryan is a vision in black as she heads home after jetting into Los Angeles She stunned at the CFDA Fashion Awards It runs in the family! Mandy Moore and her This is Us daughter Chrissy Metz shine in gorgeous gowns at gala event in Los Angeles On the red carpet Michelle Williams is a seventies style icon as she films kidnap drama in Rome with Mark Wahlberg The pair were in character Nicole Kidman praises the 'best year of her life' on the eve of her 50th birthday... as she pays tribute to London in Glamour Women Of The Year speech Shaking it like no one's watching! Kim Zolciak is caught twerking in a bikini by her daughter Brielle during tropical vacation Watch the full video It's a boy and a girl! George and Amal Clooney celebrate arrival of 'healthy and happy' twins  Couple welcomed Ella and Alexander So awkward! Jerry Seinfeld shuns Kesha's requests for hug on red carpet... and admits he has no idea who she is Singer approached  comedian in DC Revolution has a price tag! Natalie Portman hikes with three-month-old daughter Amalia before slipping into $710 feminist T-shirt Enjoyed a stroll PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shopping for baby clothes? Amal Clooney's mother Baria is spotted browsing London stores after birth announcement Karate Kids 2! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas show off their martial arts moves for second day in a row  During a parking lot kettle bell session 'It felt like having a baby': Thandie Newton says being naked in Westworld was empowering and liberating 'Intense self-affirmation' Hollywood star Rebel Wilson arrives at court for the final day of her defamation trial against Australian manazine Will wrap up her trial on Wednesday Giddyup! Ashton Kutcher and Jada Pinkett Smith are set to present at this year's CMT Music Awards The bash celebrates folk musicians Taking the plunge! Keri Russell rocks extra low-cut blouse and sophisticated trench coat for New York outing  Looking glamorous Lovely in lace: Kate Mara strikes an elegant pose in white dress to promote new war drama Megan Leavey in NYC For her appearance on AOL's Build Series 'That photographer's assistant is trying REALLY hard not to look at my boobs': Ashley Graham shares VERY intimate inner thoughts during sexy shoot 'We meditate together': Hugh Jackman, 48, reveals the secret behind his successful 21-year marriage to wife Deborra-Lee Furness, 61 Long-lasting relationship Gabourey Sidibe hits out at 'annoying' people who compliment her for shedding pounds post-surgery Actress can't stand  uninvited remarks Ruby Rose dons an all-black ensemble while girlfriend Jessica Origliasso rocks a white suit as they hold hands on the red carpet in London  'Party of five!' The Chew's Daphne Oz happily announces third pregnancy on Instagram, but admits that many fans had already 'guessed'  Megyn Kelly gets personal, plays coy and even sings Bon Jovi on 'Today' segment with husband - appearing for fifth straight day on the NBC morning show I gained 60lbs again! Ciara reveals her post-baby weight loss goals after welcoming second baby Sienna  Gave birth to Sienna just over a month ago  Chelsea Clinton hails cab to work in shredded heels while out-of-work hubby Marc Mezvinsky selects torn loafers for trip to the park with daughter Charlotte Kim Kardashian and Kanye West arrive home after kicking off his 40th birthday celebrations with trip to Bahamas with North and Saint The Crown star Vanessa Kirby gives a shout out to female empowerment as she leads the winners at the Glamour Women of the Year Awards Summer style on a budget! As Karlie Kloss and Olivia Palermo make affordable fashions look amazing, FEMAIL rounds up 24 cheap-yet-chic finds They have a name! Pregnant Jill Duggar and husband Derick Dillard of Counting On reveal they will call their second son Samuel Scott Fairytale family! Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas take sons Oliver and Hugo out for a magical day at Disneyland Once Upon A Time stars  EXCLUSIVE:  Meet the girlfriend of Tom Cruise's son Connor - a sexy blonde deep sea fishing expert with a wild side and a mugshot to prove it Thomas Cohen and his girlfriend Zoe Sidel make a kooky pair in striking boho looks as they enjoy a date night at a charity art event in London Let's go, baby! Peta Murgatroyd takes son Shai to the gym for pre-wedding workout with fiance Maksim  The Dancing With the Stars professionals 'I don't know what the f*** we talk about': Gwyneth Paltrow admits she doesn't always understand the advice on her site Goop Her big confession  Tearful Andrea Constand comes face to face with smirking Bill Cosby for first time in a decade as she tells court how she woke up to find him groping her  Noel Gallagher 'donates profits from his song Don't Look Back In Anger to charity for Manchester victims... as he claims he was never invited to One Love gig' Happy National Day! Sweden's royals turn out in traditional dress to ring in the festivities - but it's adorable Princess Estelle who steals the show  Mommy's me time! Selma Blair takes a break from parenting her son to enjoy a pampering session in LA Sported a nautical look with striped top Giving dad advice? Barack Obama visited George Clooney at the actor's English estate just nine days before Amal gave birth Spent evening together Trouble in paradise? Selena Gomez dazzles as she steps out for a date night with her boyfriend The Weeknd... but the pair don't look too happy Party time! Pals Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin change out of red carpet frocks to hit the town after CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City Rihanna shows off her nipple piercing as she dances in sheer crop top while filming music video in Miami... after breaking silence over fat shaming with meme Back to the Big Apple! Shay Mitchell shows off her city chic style in sheer top and fitted jeans... after sharing bathtub photo from Morocco Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her model figure in blush satin gown at fashion awards She was recently signed to IMG Models  EXCLUSIVE: Judge DENIES Jim Carrey's motion to remove claims he transmitted STDs in wrongful death battle with his late girlfriend's mom  Where's Stella? Kristen Stewart leaves her ex Alicia Cargile's house in the morning... but model girlfriend Maxwell is nowhere to be seen A warm hug! Lea Michele wraps her arms around a male friend as she dresses down to meet up with a group of pals in a Beverly Hills park 'I was about to hang up my entire life': Ryan Lochte reveals he considered suicide after Rio Games but is better than ever with a son on the way  Still got it! Hugh Hefner's 54-year-old ex-wife Kimberly strips down to a lacy black bra to recreate iconic 1988 Playboy cover - after her SON suggested it Pregnant Serena Williams looks glowing in a loose white top as she relaxes courtside to watch the tennis during French Open Snacking on a banana Britney Spears spins into a kiss with boyfriend Sam Asghari on Instagram as he visits her in Japan Toxic singer is currently on tour in Asia  Kerry Washington gives her parents a present on HER birthday... along with 'inappropriate notes' thanking them for 'getting it on' Designer off duty! Make-up free Stella McCartney, 45, is casual on a clothes run as she carries the coffees in NYC Glowing complexion  Braving the windy weather! Queen Letizia of Spain displays her slender figure in a wine-colored outfit in Madrid Glamorous royal  Dangerous curves ahead! Iggy Azalea showcases her famous physique and surgically-enhanced bust in a lilac bikini aboard luxury yacht in Mexico Former police officer who protected Whitney Houston and inspired hit film The Bodyguard claims his efforts to intervene in star's drugs spiral saw him FIRED! Last hurrah! Mindy Kaling unites with her writers as they prepare for final season of The Mindy Project Former The Office star is moving on  Flower power! Tara Reid is all smiles as she steps out in petal-patterned jacket in New York City The 41-year-old enjoyed Big Apple sunshine Today's headlines Most Read Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two... Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians... Theresa casts her vote: PM and her husband arrive at polling station as party leaders join millions... It's Comey Day in D.C. as fired FBI director's Senate testimony puts uncomfortable spotlight on Trump in... Trump will watch Comey's testimony – with his lawyers! – but live-tweeting may not be in the cards Trump-whisperer Corey Lewandowski insists president was asking Comey for 'loyalty to the country' and not to... Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  Four people shot dead in 'murder-suicide' at a Pennsylvania supermarket 'But does your dad have a helicopter?' The cringeworthy antics of 'entitled' rich kids revealed (and some of... Eat almonds before bed, avoid caffeine after midday and ditch sugary desserts: Nutritionist's simple tips to... Believing in God could help combat diabetes, controversial new research suggests Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an... Why a slice of BREAD is the ultimate money-saving cleaning tool (and it can magically erase those annoying... 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two... Alabama man, 46, is set to be executed for shooting three fast food workers dead during a $2,100 robbery... What do YOUR dreams mean? From bees and crowns to puppies and pairs of shoes, expert reveals what they say... Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone... 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will... Former Papa John's and Domino’s worker reveals the pizza giants’ secrets - including a trick for reheating... Florida woman who sent 'disturbing' threats to the father of a boy, six, killed in the Sandy Hook massacre... 'I put my entire reputation on it': Auctioneer spends $50,000 proving that painting found in Arizona... Are these the most pampered pets of all time? The furry friends that are fed fillet steak, roast dinners and... Former bus driver, 27, who lived with his parents is found guilty of travelling to Syria to join ISIS where... Drinking 4 cups of coffee or just 1 of herbal tea each day protects against deadly liver disease Do YOU keep onions in the fridge? Why the vegetable will go off VERY quickly if you keep it chilled (and... Eating red onions may help to fight cancer: Powerful compounds found in the tasty vegetable are 'excellent'... Horrifying moment cops 'surround innocent man who just crawled from a burning car and kick him in the HEAD' When is it safe to leave children home alone? Revealed: Everything parents need to know before they plan an... 'I sexted my stepdad by accident': People reveal the embarrassing exchanges that STILL keep them awake at... MORE HEADLINES He stole Clint Eastwood's woman, had nonstop sex with Gilligan's Island actress Tina Louise and yukked it up with President Obama - of course he did, he's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he tells all in new memoir Four-year-old boy tragically drowns ONE WEEK after going swimming in rare dry-drowning case Donald Trump told James Comey 'I need loyalty, I EXPECT loyalty' in one-on-one dinner, fired FBI director reveals in bombshell sworn testimony - and says president asked him to PROVE he hadn't used Russian hookers Estranged husband of NBC vice president 'chokes their seven-year-old daughter to death in her bed', two months after his wife filed for divorce and one day after he surrendered the family home Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' and claims she 'even had an orgasm' 'It's my fault': Woman accused of encouraging her teen boyfriend to kill himself texted her friend two months after his suicide telling her she 'could have stopped him' Heart-stopping video shows moment armed police gunned down London Bridge terrorists in a hail of bullets seconds after all three jihadis stabbed a passer-by - who miraculously got to his feet  Mother shot dead her two young children in their sleep and killed family dog before ending her own life and setting fire to her home in the middle of a 'bitter' custody battle with her estranged husband Dramatic moment armed robber opens fire on police from bus in broad daylight in front of terrified civilians - just minutes before they shoot him dead 'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Chicago Cubs player Addison Russell is taken to task by his wife on Instagram for cheating  'It looked like they pulled a toddler out of my belly!': Florida mom gives birth to a 13.5-pound baby girl 'Well I do mean it in a contentious way!': Senators hammer Intel director and NSA boss after they say they never felt 'pressured' but refuse to reveal whether Trump asked them to dial back the FBI's Russia probe Bomb squad carry out two controlled explosions outside new US Embassy in London after suspicious vehicles are parked outside Louisiana man is charged over murder of missing massage therapist, 24, after her boyfriend found her body in woods near the home of her last client  Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge door after shooting explosive-filled target with an assault rifle Two Missouri teens tied a kitten to a car's bumper and dragged it to its death as laughing friends videotaped the 'cat tossing and turning until it could not run anymore' Playboy model, 27, celebrates first anniversary of her marriage to 63-year-old millionaire husband alone because 'he couldn't make it'  Vladimir Putin slams Hillary Clinton saying she 'abused the Russian issue' by comparing him to Hitler and praises Ronald Reagan for stopping work at 6 p.m. each day to watch TV with his wife in series of interviews with Oliver Stone Pictured: Mute autistic boy, four, who starved to death clinging to his mother's rotting corpse TWO WEEKS after she died from an epileptic fit in their London flat  Every little thing is gonna be alright! Incredible before and after photos show how frightened and abandoned dog Bob Marley is on road to recovery after he and his pal were rescued I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Married teacher, 39, who 'filmed herself having intercourse and performing sex acts on a 17-year-old male student' is charged after clips of the the mother-of-five were posted online and she tried to bribe the pupil to keep quiet MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Mills Fleet Farm launches expansion plan, aims… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: MN Children’s Museum Ramsey County sales tax Century-old beer is back Yanez trial: the latest Skittles-flavored brats Newborn weighs 13lbs Mekong Night Market News Business Mills Fleet Farm launches expansion plan, aims to double its size within 6 years Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) (Wikimedia Commons) By Rick Romell | Milwaukee Journal Sentinel PUBLISHED: June 4, 2017 at 12:50 pm | UPDATED: June 5, 2017 at 12:48 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Washington County principal/school board member found dead in Woodbury park Roseville burglar — seen with great clarity on surveillance — is nabbed, police say Florida mom: ‘It looked like they pulled a toddler out of my belly’ Dad dies a week after punch, fall to pavement leaves him unconscious in Fargo bar fight GM Rick Spielman doesn’t sound optimistic about Vikings going after Eric Decker St. Paul lawmaker intervenes as man allegedly attacks woman in public Mills Fleet Farm, the Appleton, Wis.-based chain of sprawling stores packed with down-home goods ranging from poultry grit and PVC pipe to bib overalls and Muck Boots, is poised for a growth spurt. To date, the retailer’s expansion has been gradual, adding six stores in the last 10 years, to bring its count to 36. But now the company has launched an effort that could double that number in five to six years and take Mills into new territory. Related Articles 3M will spend $1 million settlement with Met Council on water cleanup Wally McCarthy, car-selling wizard of the Twin Cities, dies at 94 Unemployment rate falls to 16-year low, but hiring slows Harley recalls bikes, says oil line can detach and cause crash Buffalo Wild Wings CEO out; activists get seats on board “Our goal and objective as a company is to grow, and we have a strong growth plan,” executive vice president and chief operating officer Hugh Leasum said. Wisconsin, home to 18 Mills stores, will see a good share of that growth. The company is looking at several possible sites for new stores here, Leasum said. That, and the strong possibility that Mills will expand into Illinois, could bring the retailer into closer competition with the similarly named but separate Blain’s Farm & Fleet, a Janesville, Wis.-based chain that sells some of the same types of merchandise. Historically, there has been little overlap in the territories of the two retailers. The great majority of Mills stores are in eastern and central Wisconsin, and in Minnesota. The great majority of the 38 Blain’s stores are in southern and southwestern Wisconsin, and in northern Illinois. But Mills already plans stores for Oconomowoc — between Blain’s locations in Waukesha and Watertown — and in Kenosha, about 12 miles from a Blain’s store in Sturtevant. The Mills growth effort follows the purchase of the formerly family-owned company in February 2016 by private-equity firm KKR & Co. It’s not surprising that KKR wants to expand the Mills footprint, said Anne Brouwer, a senior partner with Chicago-based retail consultant McMillanDoolittle. “When you’ve got somebody taking something over, they’re looking for growth, they’re going to start adding stores,” Brouwer said. “There’s not a whole lot more they could pack in to the locations that they have.” Further, the continuing weakness across much of brick-and-mortar retail could mean lower real estate costs for firms that are doing well enough to expand, Hart Posen, a business professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, said by email. Mills doesn’t disclose revenue numbers. However, Leasum said the trend over the last few years has been positive. “That’s why we’re building stores,” he said. Those stores are big. Where the largest Blain’s is 169,000 square feet, the newer Mills locations typically cover 185,000 square feet — more than the average Wal-Mart supercenter. The store in Grand Chute, near Appleton, comes in at more than 250,000 square feet. The Mills stores are also, as Brouwer suggested, piled high with merchandise — outdoor and work clothing, auto parts, animal feed, tools, building materials, hunting and fishing gear, and dozens of varieties of Fleet Farm-branded bagged nuts. It all makes for something like the modern equivalent of a general store. “I love it,” Andy McKenna, 38, of Colgate, said last week as he left the Germantown Fleet Farm with his wife, Robyn, and their children, Lauryn, 4, and Ayden, 2. The McKennas stop in two or three times a month, sometimes more often. This visit they purchased some items for the kids. The time before, it was shoes, trailer hitches and motor oil. Mills is also where they buy food for their animals — two dogs, a cat and some newly hatched chicks. “They’ve got everything you need,” said McKenna, an electrical contractor. “The fishing selection here, it’s like Cabela’s, damn near.” The breadth and depth of Mills’ assortment of merchandise was a key factor attracting KKR’s attention, said Derick Prelle, managing partner at KKR Capstone. He said KKR, whose other holdings include Toys “R” Us, the 230-store Academy Sports + Outdoors chain and ride-hailing service Lyft, looks for three things in potential acquisitions: excellent management, ability to grow and an approach to business that sets it apart. KKR will look first to add stores in the four states where Mills already operates — Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa and North Dakota — then expand to their neighbors, Prelle said. Among those, of course, is Illinois — prime Blain’s country. Asked whether she views Mills’ expansion plans as a threat, Blain’s public relations coordinator Dormie Roberts paused for a few seconds, then said, “I don’t think so, because we are our own company, we are strong in what we do, they are strong in what they do, and I don’t see them that way.” Both chains date to 1955, and many people believe they once were under common ownership. That’s not the case, Roberts said. Rather, she said, separate families started each firm, but both originally belonged to the same cooperative. “And they had an agreement saying that we’ll be Farm & Fleet and you guys can be Fleet Farm,” Roberts said. Not surprisingly, now that Mills is owned by a large investment firm, Blain’s is stressing its hometown heritage. “They’re the private equity company,” Roberts said. “What we’re trying to do is just really try to stick to our roots. We’re still family-owned.” Mills, meanwhile, stresses the size and range of its merchandise assortment. “There’s no place that has the breadth and depth … that Mills does,” Prelle said. Coinciding with its expansion plans, Mills is building a new, $65 million distribution center in Chippewa Falls. The 1.1 million-square-foot plant, which will get $10 million in tax incremental financing from the city, is expected to employ 325 people after it opens next year. At the same time, some 150 to 200 jobs could be lost at Mills’ distribution center in Appleton, the Appleton Post-Crescent reported in April. People losing jobs in Appleton could transfer to Chippewa Falls, and receive a $2,500 relocation payment, a document obtained by the Post-Crescent indicated. Tags:  Business News Wisconsin Rick Romell As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business On the Money: Heading to college in the fall? You’ll need a bigger piggybank June 03, 2017, 11:53 pm If you’re heading off to college, prepare to dig a little deeper into your pockets. Borrowing money to pay for higher education is becoming more expensive. In July, interest rates will climb on the federal loans students take on to pay for college this fall. Rates on undergraduate Stafford loans are jumping to 4.45 percent, from the current 3.76 percent.... Read More Business People: Sunday, June 4 June 03, 2017, 4:49 pm ADVERTISING/PUBLIC RELATIONS Minneapolis agency Martin Williams Advertising is celebrating its 70th anniversary this year by introducing its “Be Curious” initiative and launching a new corporate website, www.martinwilliams.com. Martin Williams also received a National Agri-Marketing Association first place award for its work on a one-minute radio spot for Syngenta Golden Harvest seed, as well as a merit award for its multimedia campaign for Syngenta’s Trivapro... Read More Startup Showcase: Selling the arts and crafts of good cheese June 03, 2017, 2:56 pm Americans love cheese. Multiple surveys by the U.S. Department of Agriculture show that Americans’ cheese consumption continues to grow. Yet though it’s a long-established staple of our diets, cheese also continues to be trendy. The National Restaurant Association’s “What’s Hot 2017 Culinary Forecast” lists the top up-and-coming trends on restaurant menus for 2017, as predicted by professional chefs. In the... Read More Real World Economics: Mercantilist sentiments are dangerous nonsense June 04, 2017, 2:31 pm Some erroneous ideas die hard. That diseases are caused by “miasmas” no longer influences doctors. Farmers no longer believe, as the Greeks did, that the west wind somehow impregnates mares. But mercantilism, the erroneous notion that exports are inherently good and imports always bad is not only alive and well in the general populace, but has a grip on the... Read More Your Money: 3 moves you should make in the 3 years before you retire June 03, 2017, 2:07 pm Life’s major milestones — graduations, births, weddings and cross-country moves — all require a certain amount of preparation. Retirement is no different. That’s why we believe it’s important for people to meet with a financial adviser several years before they retire so you can jump right into the retired life once you’re ready. If you’re thinking about retiring sometime in... Read More Working Strategies: The basics of job search June 03, 2017, 1:41 pm Do you find yourself confused or overwhelmed when it comes to job search? If yes, I’d make a guess that you’re in the majority. Somehow the process of finding employment has only become more puzzling, even as resources to advise the job seeker have multiplied. I was reminded of this paradox recently while reviewing my summer speaking schedule and the... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 20 mins S&P 500 2,433.53 +0.39 (+0.02%) Dow 30 21,181.74 +8.05 (+0.04%) Nasdaq 6,295.78 -1.60 (-0.03%) How Trump Is Surrendering America's Soft Power Meghan L O'Sullivan Bloomberg June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share LONDON, ENGLAND - NOVEMBER 29: A giant globe shaped ice crem melts over a cone during the London Climate March as part of march events around the globe on the same day on November 29, 2015 in London, England. On the eve of the UN Climate Summit in Paris, people across the world are taking to the streets to call for a climate agreement which will deliver a 100% renewable energy future. The London march has been billed as the biggest out of all the 2,200 due to take place around the world. (Photo by Chris Ratcliffe/Getty Images)More President Donald Trump's decision to remove the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement is yet another manifestation -- alongside the budget submitted to Congress and the president's speech at NATO headquarters in Brussels -- of how he continues to see U.S. interests as narrowly economic, and U.S. influence as exerted solely through hard power. Had the president a more expansive view of both the nation's interests and influence, he would have kept the U.S. in the accord. Instead, he not only harmed global efforts to address a pressing problem, but also deprived the U.S. of an important source of so-called soft power. In a world in which military might is increasingly difficult and costly to use, America will suffer from this loss.  More from Bloomberg.com: Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over My Harvard colleague Joe Nye coined the term soft power, defining it simply as "the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion or payments." According to Nye, the soft power of a country depends largely on three components: its culture, its political values, and how it conducts itself in the world and at home. To the extent that these three factors are attractive to others, a country can wield considerable sway abroad. This soft power complements more traditional notions of hard power: the military, the economy, and coercive elements of policy. Contrary to a view in which the U.S. cows or pressures others into doing its bidding through its military power alone, it has long relied on soft power to shape the world in a way conducive to its interests. For instance, this year marks the 70th anniversary of the Marshall Plan, an initiative the U.S. took to help rebuild Europe, including Germany, after the devastation of World War II. During the Cold War, the attractiveness of U.S. ideas, values, and policies helped inspire those living under Soviet rule to oppose it, and allowed the U.S. to sustain alliances in the face of decades-long pressure from Moscow. More from Bloomberg.com: Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home The U.S. had, and continues to have, many sources of soft power, be it our technologies, universities that attract hundreds of thousands of foreign students each year, or many elements of our popular culture. But a new and significant source of soft power was U.S. leadership on an issue that virtually every country in the world cares enough about to have devised a national action plan: climate change. While the U.S. cannot claim all the credit for producing the Paris accord, the Barack Obama administration was widely seen as having been a critical driver. America became the champion of many countries that view climate change as an urgent, if not existential, problem. This global goodwill was extinguished overnight with Trump's announcement -- and with it, the countless ways in which the U.S. could have leveraged it to achieve other, non-climate related goals. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Takes Battle Over Travel Ban to Nation’s Highest Court The most specific and likely most important example of how this will affect tangible American interests is with the relationship with China. Much has already been said about how Washington, in withdrawing from the Paris agreement, has handed China a geopolitical gift by ceding global leadership role to Beijing. Trump's abdication is no doubt welcomed by Chinese President Xi Jinping, who is making a big push to increase Chinese soft power in the world -- even speaking of it in these terms. But what few appreciate is how climate was one of a perilously small number of issues on which Washington and Beijing had managed to build a cooperative relationship. Perhaps ironically, the boom in U.S. shale gas production helped the U.S. bring down the country's 2015 per-capita carbon emissions to a level not seen since the early 1960s. This helped give the Obama administration credibility when it approached Chinese officials to forge a bilateral agreement in which both countries would commit to reining in carbon emissions. This 2014 agreement was followed by three additional joint climate pacts and other initiatives -- such as the U.S.-China Clean Energy Research Center -- that have been the basis for constructive cooperation between two countries otherwise mired in tense and suspicious relations. Read More The hope was not only that the partnership between the U.S. and China would be good for the environment and climate, but that the personal relationships and mechanisms built through this engagement would have positive spillover effects into more tendentious issues. With tensions high on the Korean Peninsula and in the South China Sea, and with Russian President Vladimir Putin aggressively seeking to position Moscow as a better partner than Washington, removing one of the few points of common interest and real cooperation between the U.S. and China is nothing short of folly -- even if you cared not an iota about climate. President Trump had other options than simply declaring the costs of meeting climate targets too high for the U.S. Given the inefficiencies and costs associated with Obama's Clean Power Plan, Trump might have instead galvanized Americans -- through more funding for research and development and other policies -- to find better ways of meeting U.S. pledges made in Paris. Such innovations could have themselves been both an economic boon to the U.S. and a source of soft power if shared with countries struggling worldwide to meet climate challenges. Now that would have truly made America great again.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. More from Bloomberg.com Trump’s Paris Exit Leaves Him Isolated From C-Suites to Capitals S&P, Moody's Downgrade Illinois to Near Junk, Lowest Ever for a U.S. State What Did Trump Just Do? The Paris Climate Withdrawal Explained Read How Trump Is Surrendering America's Soft Power on bloombergview.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Melania and Barron Trump are finally moving into the White House with Donald International Business Times Donald Trump is a sociopath and I fear he's losing his mind, says former US Labor Secretary The Independent Anthony Bourdain Says This Will Be The Next Big Food Trend In America Refinery29 Donald Trump's anger reaches new peaks in the White House Newsweek Lawyer says Trump feels 'completely and totally vindicated' by Comey's testimony Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance If Obamacare fails, it’ll be bad news for Trump Yahoo Finance GOP senators admonish Dem for persistent questioning Jerry: She came across as arrogant and rude. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.4k
Discount Diva: Happy memories of bygone stores - The Buffalo News Columns Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Colleges Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Bandits Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Death Submissions Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Discount Diva: Happy memories of bygone stores Sattler’s opened as a one-room shoe store called the Broadway Market Shoe House in 1889, Sattler’s grew into a six-location department store chain. (Buffalo News file photo) By Samantha Christmann Published Sun, Jun 4, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL In the 1940s, a teenaged Norma Unher worked at Siegel's Millinery on Main Street for 35 cents an hour. She and her friends would go to lunch at either MacDoel's or the Oppenheim Collins' Top of the Town restaurant. "We would order shrimp salads, tasting shrimp for the first time and dreaming of it ever after," Unher wrote. They always wore hats and gloves, dresses, sensible shoes and girdles to hold up their stockings. After lunch, they would hit L.L. Berger, Flint and Kent, J.N. Adams, AM&As, "and as many others before our stamina ran out." Sometimes, they would simply take in a movie. "Now, at 88, I still get excited about having a shrimp salad," Unher said. "I only wear hats to keep warm or keep the sun away. I watch movies on Netflix or Amazon and shop mostly on the internet. I still go out to lunch with friends, walking with our canes or walkers. But I have happy memories of those days." I recently wrote about long-gone stores I miss, and asked you to share your favorite retail memories. Boy, did you guys come through: I received hundreds of replies via email, Facebook and Twitter. It's amazing how dearly we hold our memories of shopping trips past. Readers spoke about now-defunct stores the way they might speak about old friends. Annette Sansone of Cheektowaga fondly remembers buying wool Adler socks for $1 and Scholl's wooden sandals for $5 at Achter's on Chippewa Street in the 1950s. To this day, Cheektowaga resident Audrey Friedrich's favorite knife is a long, serrated one she bought at Pete & Larry's for $1.97. Mark DePalma of Hamburg remembers Two Guys across from Walden Galleria (which was then a VFW Post), W.T. Grant's and Twin Fair (which became Gold Circle and is now HSBC). Across the street from Twin Fair was a drive-in theater, whose movies he tried to watch through binoculars from his home a mile away. "For me as a kid, Walden Avenue was like Rodeo Drive," DePalma wrote. Others recall S.S. Kresge, which later became Kmart; AM&As, which was sold to BonTon in 1995, and Hens and Kelly, which existed for 90 years but lives on in the minds of Western New York shoppers. Here are some other retail memories readers cherish. LL Bergers flourished and expanded locally before declaring bankruptcy and closing its doors in 1991. (Buffalo News file photo) L.L. Berger Bernadette Ruof of Williamsville said visiting L.L. Berger was like a trip to Manhattan. She remembers the nozzle in the store's facade that would emit "the classiest, most beautiful" fragrance as she walked by, enticing her to shop. Michelle Trimper from Town of Tonawanda thought Berger's was "New York City, Paris and Milan, all rolled into one beautifully magical store." Chris Taube, now of California, remembers trying on clothes for hours or just sitting in the ladies' lounge. Laurie Glieco of Amherst is still wearing a winter coat she bought at Berger's a year before the department store closed. The store's retail prices were high, she said, but "sales often made Berger's the most reasonable store in town." Nothing beats West Seneca resident Cherie Messore's story. In 1970, her mom ordered one of the store's signature cotton, monogrammed blouses for her to wear with a navy blue skirt for her school's orchestra concert. Days before Christmas, she received word the blouse wouldn't be ready for the holiday. "Lo and behold, on Christmas morning, Mr. Lou Berger himself pulled up to our house with a car full of deliveries and presented the beautifully wrapped box to my mother, thanking her for her patience and for being a good customer," she wrote. The Wm. Hengerer Co. was founded in Buffalo in 1876 and merged with Rochester-based Sibley’s in 1981. (Buffalo News file photo) The William Hengerer Co. Diane Sterbak of Amherst misses the Hengerer's location at Main Street and Eggert Road. "It was free standing. You either found what you wanted or you didn't. Then you got into your car and went home. No endless mall wandering until you forgot where you parked your car," she wrote. She also loved the restaurant upstairs – always hoping for a window table – and still holds its chicken sandwich as her "standard measurement for excellence." She misses its lemon-filled, white layer cake with coconut frosting, too. Twin Fair Gayle and Cecil Davis of Clarence liked Twin Fair for its inexpensive groceries, toiletries and clothing back when the couple was first starting out. Tricia Hirschbeck of Kenmore remembers getting her school supplies at the Niagara Falls Boulevard location in the 1960s and bought her first fringe purse there with babysitting money. Paul Schrems of Canton remembers waiting for his dad, the manager, to "come down the long stairs from the office with the big window overlooking the sales floor." Living in Warsaw and hearing the Twin Fair commercials on the radio, Becky Arcese of Depew never dreamed she would actually visit one. "It was like Disney; I'd heard about it but never anticipated going," she wrote. "Then my dad, an Episcopal priest, got called to Trinity in Lancaster and bam! We were in the Promised Land." Twin Fair eventually became Gold Circle, which has its fair share of admirers. But Arcese wasn't a fan. "Yuck. No air conditioning in the summer and they treated their employees like slaves," she wrote. Twin Fair opened its first location on Walden Avenue in 1956. (Buffalo News file photo) Some Gold Circle stores converted to the Hills banner. "As soon as you smelled burnt popcorn and sauerkraut, you knew you were at Hills," wrote Ann Winter of Lewiston. Winter's children made fun of her for buying cotton candy at Hills for 47 cents and bringing it with her to Darien Lake, where it cost more than $2. But she had the last laugh. "The money I saved, I spent on Game Boy games at Media Play – another store from the past," she wrote. Neisner's Rochester-based Neisner's opened in 1911. Carol J. Russell of Amherst remembers walking there with cousins from her home on Buffalo's lower West Side in the late 1950s. "We loved the lunch counter at Neisner's with its tall plastic glasses of lemonade, and grilled cheese sandwiches," Russell wrote. "We would shoot the paper straw covers at each other across the lunch counter." They also bought Mother's and Father's Day gifts there and, of course, toys; saving their pennies "until we had enough to take our treasures home," she wrote. Neisner's eventually created the Big N stores, an earlier version of today's big boxes, which were also a big hit with readers. Neisner's filed bankruptcy in 1977 and sold to Ames in 1978. Sattler's Who could forget Sattler's? Not J.S. from Grand Island, who remembers going downstairs for groceries. The groceries were put in the family's homemade shopping bags and loaded into the car. That was before the family headed to Kobacker's, Dixie's Hat Shop and Norban's, "where you tried clothes on in the aisles." "If things went well, we got a custard cone and my mother would get her favorite bridge mix candy," J.S. wrote. Brand Names Judi Mietlicki of Cheektowaga still rides the stationary bike she bought at Brand Names more than 30 years ago. But she isn't the only fan in her family. When her nephew was young and she asked which Christmas carol was his favorite, he sang the company's Christmas jingle: "Bring Brand Names home for the holidays." Brand Names was one of Janet Miles' favorites, too. "You had the catalog to browse at your leisure at home, dog earring the pages of all your favorites and when you finally had enough money, you went to the store (mine was at the Southgate plaza), filled out your order form, slipped it into the box," said Miles, of Springville. Vix Deep Discount and Pharmacy A surprising number of readers waxed nostalgic about this Tops-owned pharmacy, including Suzanne Masterson from Town of Tonawanda. "Vix was a discount drug store, but so much more than that," she wrote. "Some of the branches had a low-priced fine jewelry department. I purchased several beautiful things such as 14-karat gold bracelets and earrings." Readers raved about Vix's beauty and cosmetics departments, as well as its bargain section. They loved the Freddy's drug stores, too, which Tops acquired in 1993 before selling both it and Vix in 1999. Fischmann's Peg Johnson of West Seneca remembers walking Seneca Street with her family. Her favorite store was Fischmann's on the corner of Seneca and Buffum Streets. It had two levels – bargain bins on the first, where she got her first doll. "Fischmann's had a soda stand right in the center of the store and, if we behaved, our mother would get us a soda to share, she wrote. "It came in a paper cup inside a silver stand with a straw and it was the highlight of the day. We sat on the revolving stools taking turns sipping our soda." The Sample was founded on Hertel Avenue in 1928, (Buffalo News file photo) The Sample shop As a teenager with a summer job in 1964, Susan Nablo couldn't wait to shop at The Sample shop on Payne Avenue in North Tonawanda. It's where she bought her first London fog raincoat and got her first credit card. After she moved away, Sample was always her first stop on visits home. "I would always head to the mecca, the mother lode on Hertel Avenue," she wrote. "Everything was well displayed and organized. It was truly my favorite." Many readers also remember Sample as the only place to get Bastad Clogs outside of Canada. F.W. Woolworth Co. A reader who calls himself Hodge Elmwood fondly remembers the doughnuts at Woolworth's snack counter, particularly the ones covered with orange-flavored glaze and bits of orange. Don Vidler, owner of Vidler's 5 and 10 in East Aurora is fascinated by the origins of Buffalo's Knox family, of Albright-Knox Art Gallery fame. Seymour Knox was encouraged by his first cousin, Frank Woolworth, to open what would become the very successful S. H. Knox Co. 5 and 10 chain. Those stores were later folded into Woolworth's, and Knox landed on the company's board of directors. "The original Knox millions came from nickels and dimes," Vidler wrote. "I always ask my dad where we went wrong. Knox 5 and 10 lead to sports franchise ownership, Walton’s 5 and 10 became WalMart, and I’m still unloading trucks and sweeping up spilled popcorn." D&K Judy Wilder misses D&K, where a changing mix of items was displayed simply on tables or in bins. The towels were a mainstay. "If you didn't mind mixing and matching, you could get high quality towels for a bargain price," she wrote. "When I moved into my new home, all the towels came from D&K." Have a Heart. As a middle school girl in the 1980s, Cheri Beitz loved the Have a Heart shop at the Rainbow Mall in Niagara Falls. It featured "all things rainbow, hearts and pink," including stickers, pencils, stationery and Hello Kitty trinkets. "My friends and I would save our money for the big trip to Niagara Falls," the Orchard Park resident wrote. "It took forever to select the perfect item and we dreamed of filling our rooms with everything they sold." Fred Roneker's Janice Schlau of Williamsville remembers a place called Fred Roneker's which guaranteed lifetime alterations. She's disappointed the store is no longer around to fulfill that guarantee. "My marriage partner bought his wedding suit there and still owns it," she wrote. "Sure could have let the waist out a size or two!"   Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
Opinion Op-Ed Op-Ed Amazon.com is a 21st century deal with the devil Paul Sakuma / Associated Press Amazon.com packages on a UPS truck in Palo Alto, Calif. on Oct. 18, 2010. Amazon.com packages on a UPS truck in Palo Alto, Calif. on Oct. 18, 2010. (Paul Sakuma / Associated Press) Amy Koss I count 11 deserted shops at the Eagle Rock mall. The ghosts of their signs appear eerily above their chained doors. With a few other lost souls, I wander past blank kiosks, witnesses to the mall’s dark descent. I think I detect a slight sulfur smell. In the past, the devil offered endless love or glamorous fame to tempt the weak. But in a world of dating sites and apps, love is only a swipe away and YouTube fame requires no more than a goofy pet. So what would Satan offer Americans today to win our souls? How about easy consumption? It’s not ambition he needs to appeal to, but our acquisitiveness and sloth. He can show us a picture of a thing — a book, a bauble, a sweater, a vacuum cleaner — and ask three questions: “Do you want it?” Even if we don’t click yes, we can scroll past to the next item, and the next, all offered with equal enthusiasm and zero judgement, unlike the cranky, now unemployed sales clerk who used to work at the mall. What would Satan offer Americans today to win our souls? How about easy consumption? “Do you want it cheap? Less than anywhere else? (And no need to actually touch the filthy lucre or do math. I'll handle that.)” “Do you want it now? (I’ll leave it right at your door, so you don’t have to acknowledge another soul during the entirety of this transaction.)” To which we the people have answered, “Yes! Oh, yes!” And the devil, manifest as Amazon.com, smiles. So it has come comes to pass that mom & pops and department stores, boutiques and shops, grocery stores and post offices are vanishing in a trail of scorched hoof prints. Now the retail giants are stumbling to their knees. They’re offering deals and deeper discounts, closing branches, consolidating staff, trying to fend off the inevitable. We can solemnly recite the roll of the dead, dying and struggling: Macy’s, Sports Authority, Walmart, Kmart, Office Depot, JCPenney, Bebe, Payless Shoe Source, American Eagle, Chicos, Ann Taylor, Rue 21, Gap, Sears, Radio Shack, Game Stop, Staples, BCBG, Men’s Wearhouse, the Limited, Crocs, Guess, Abercrombie & Fitch, Wet Seal… According to the feds, there have been 60,000 retail jobs lost in just the last two months. Beelzebub’s blood bath began with books, remember? First came the massacre of specialty and small, independent bookstores. Then he smote Borders, Crown, Brentano’s and B. Dalton, followed by the crippling of Barnes & Noble. Andrea Vuleta, executive director of the Southern California Independent Booksellers Assn., doesn’t think Lucifer makes much money off books. She thinks he wants our “information” to sell us everything else, and to get his technology into our houses so we will order laundry detergent and toilet paper with the push of a button. The bookstores didn’t entirely disappear. Cary Loren of Michigan’s Book Beat points out that bricks and mortar establishments still offer things you just can’t do online. “We actually read and care about books,” he said. In regard to Amazon, he sighed: “There’s no defense or revenge. We just have to live with it.” According to Maureen Palacios, owner of Once Upon a Time, a children’s bookstore in Montrose, Calif., Christmas is the worst time for “show rooming.” That’s when non-regulars come in to do their gift research, examining the books in the store, then go home and order them from Amazon. Watching the bookstore die-off in horror back then, I wondered if it would end in writers’ losing all control over the written word. If the devil hated cats, say, would that mean the end of publication or sales of books that mention cats? It hasn’t happened yet, but the sinister possibility looms — every choice we make among newspapers, magazines, music, movies, television, fashion, furniture, gadgets, accessories, toys, cameras, dildos and groceries can be accessed by some Big Data decision maker. A terrifying piece on NPR’s Radio Lab described the work day of “pickers,” the benighted thousands who rush around filling online orders, enabling our laziness and greed. They labor in “fulfillment centers” the size of 17 football fields. These poor souls are timed and monitored, driven to toil without rest like the damned in hell. Back at my disappearing mall, I flee the emptiness of the corridor into one of the few remaining stores. Indicating the wasteland outside the door, I ask the sole surviving saleswoman what happened. She shrugs. "Everything in the store is 60% to 80% off,” she tells me. “Closing sale!" Amy Koss is the author of “Side Effects” and many other books for teens. Caption Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Caption Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Caption California's stepping up to battle climate change in light of the U.S. pulling out of the Paris Accord. First stop? China. Trump nominated Christopher Wray, a former Justice Department official, to head the FBI. Compared to George W. Bush and Obama, Trump's military approach is hands-off. Madagascar's lemurs lurch toward extinction, but there could be a way to save them. Credits: Associated Press / Robyn Dixon / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon California's stepping up to battle climate change in light of the U.S. pulling out of the Paris Accord. First stop? China. Trump nominated Christopher Wray, a former Justice Department official, to head the FBI. Compared to George W. Bush and Obama, Trump's military approach is hands-off. Madagascar's lemurs lurch toward extinction, but there could be a way to save them. Credits: Associated Press / Robyn Dixon / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Caption Dan Coats, director of National Intelligence, comments on reports Trump asked him to intervene in the Russian investigation. Dan Coats, director of National Intelligence, comments on reports Trump asked him to intervene in the Russian investigation. Caption Voters in central and northeast LA head to the polls to vote in the 34th Congressional District. The London attack has created a dramatic shift in Britain’s upcoming election. Meet Vanessa Tahay, a high senior considered among the best youth poets in L.A. The Trump administration is calling this week 'infrastructure week.' Credits: Associated Press / Michael Owen Baker / Gina Ferazzi / Getty / KTLA Voters in central and northeast LA head to the polls to vote in the 34th Congressional District. The London attack has created a dramatic shift in Britain’s upcoming election. Meet Vanessa Tahay, a high senior considered among the best youth poets in L.A. The Trump administration is calling this week 'infrastructure week.' Credits: Associated Press / Michael Owen Baker / Gina Ferazzi / Getty / KTLA Caption A new search in Ilford, just north of Barking, is seeking to determine whether the group had accomplices. (June 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) A new search in Ilford, just north of Barking, is seeking to determine whether the group had accomplices. (June 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook MORE FROM OPINION I'm a neoliberal and I'm proud With an L.A. sheriff headed to federal prison, let's not forget LAPD’s lesson in police reform Trump didn't birth American intolerance. He's the manifestation of our long-disturbed national dialogue Loma Linda residents live a really, really long time. It's not because of their health insurance This article originally misspelled Cory Loren's last name. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times This article originally misspelled Cory Loren's last name. Actually, hate speech is protected speech Jewish and Palestinian peace activists are building their own Standing Rock on the West Bank Make American infrastructure great again Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 62°
English   Deutsch Español (América Latina) Español (España) Français Italiano Português Nederlands Русский 日本語 中文 (简体) Client Resources Login Home Solutions Audience Analytics Overview Xmedia StationView Essentials TV Essentials Media Metrix Multi-Platform Video Metrix Multi-Platform More Activation Overview Advertising Analytics Overview validated Campaign Essentials Viewability Action Lift Brand Survey Lift Branded Entertainment More Movies Worldwide Overview Box Office Essentials International Box Office Essentials PostTrak PreAct Swift Industries Overview Agencies CPG Education Energy Financial Services Government Healthcare Investment Research Local TV Stations Manufacturing Media Movie Studios & Distributors Movie Theaters National TV Networks Operators Pharmaceutical Political Advisors Professional Services Retail Sports Marketers Technology Telecommunications Travel Insights Type Rankings Presentations & Whitepapers Blog Videos Data Mine Case Studies Events & Webinars Themes Digital Media Mobile Social Advertising TV/Video Cross-Platform Movies Commerce Stay Connected Social Email About Overview comScore Facts at a Glance Press Center Media Kit Management Investor Relations Locations Privacy Third-Party Accreditation, Certification and Review Patents Careers Overview Job Opportunities Life at comScore Teams and Roles The comScore Vision Campus Recruitment Login English Deutsch Español (América Latina) Español (España) Français Italiano Português Nederlands Русский 日本語 中文 (简体) Insights Apparel Spending Shifting to Online Channels Faster than Total Retail Dollars June 2, 2017 Apparel Spending Shifting to Online Channels Faster than Total Retail Dollars Adam Lella Senior Marketing Insights Analyst Brick-and-mortar retail stores are closing at their fastest pace in years, and it’s apparel companies that are bearing the brunt of this fallout. Despite a healthy economy and consumer sentiment more positive than at any time since the recession, several factors are contributing to the downturn in retail – perhaps the most notable being the channel shift from offline spending to online. Online apparel sales have seen a boom in recent years as consumers have gradually become more comfortable making wardrobe purchases from their computers and mobile devices. In its early days, e-commerce consumers quickly took to product categories like books and media entertainment, while Apparel & Accessories understandably had a slower adoption curve. It makes sense intuitively – there’s inherently more risk that goes with purchasing an article of clothing online than with an item where you know exactly what you’re going to get, such as a book or DVD. The apparel item might not fit or it might look different in person than in the photo. Consumers remained apprehensive about online apparel purchases for a long time, but are finally gaining comfort with it as online retailers lowered the risk through easy return policies and aggressive use of free shipping offers. As a result, the Apparel & Accessories category has grown at a faster year-over-year growth rate than total online retail for 11 of the past 13 quarters.   The net effect of this is that Apparel’s share of total digital spend has grown each of the last three years, from 15.4% in 2013 to an all-time high of 17.0% in 2016. As Apparel dollars continue to shift from brick-and-mortar stores to online channels, industry observers wonder whether we’ve reached an inflection point in retail. With a lower percentage of spending now occurring in-store, retailers may have to reevaluate whether the high fixed costs of physical retail stores are worth it.   Even Walmart, the largest brick-and-mortar retailer in the U.S, appears to be shifting more of its focus to digital, recognizing the channel as an increasingly important contributor to future growth. Over the past year, Walmart has been on an acquisition binge, largely focused on digital retailers and assets such as Jet.com, Shoebuy.com, Hayneedle, ModCloth and Shoes.com. Meanwhile, Amazon continues to search for ways to get an edge as it encroaches on brick-and-mortar. Recent years have seen Amazon focus more on the Apparel & Accessories category, and the company recently introduced a new product – the Echo Look – that seems designed to expand its foothold. The Echo Look, which uses a camera to take full-length photos, is being described by Amazon as a personal “style assistant” to help customers determine if an article of clothing fits well and looks good. Amazon is also reported to have developed a technology for taking apparel measurements by camera, an application that could potentially be integrated into the Echo Look – and which would have the added benefit of reducing the need for apparel returns. By minimizing that hassle for customers, this type of innovation could ease much of the existing friction in buying clothes online and accelerate Apparel’s channel shift from brick-and-mortar to online. Now before retailers start to panic, it’s worth mentioning that in 2017, after a couple decades of e-commerce, brick-and-mortar retail sales still outnumber online sales at a ratio of more than 4-to-1, per the Department of Commerce and comScore data. To adapt to the changing landscape, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers should leverage their strengths, including their valuable brands, to develop an omnichannel strategy focused on their customers’ wants and needs, whether in-store or online. For more insights on the latest online retail trends, you can download our presentation on the State of the U.S. Online Retail Economy in Q1 2017. More about Amazon e-Commerce m-Commerce Retail Stay connected Join Our Email List Get Our Mobile App Related Products e-Commerce Measurement comScore e-Commerce Measurement is the industry standard, providing the most accurate, timely and comprehensive view of consumers’ online shopping and spending behaviors.... Learn More Related Insights Case Study Understanding the Customer Journey: A Fast-Moving Consumer Goods Company... Presentation State of the U.S. Online Retail Economy in Q1 2017 Presentation Beyond Brick and Mortar: Retail in the Digital Space Presentation comScore's State of Digital, TV and IoT (2017) You are here: Home Insights Blog Apparel Spending Shifting to Online Channels Faster than Total Retail Dollars Solutions Audience Analytics Activation Advertising Analytics Movies Worldwide Industries Agencies CPG Education Energy Financial Services Government Healthcare Investment Research Local TV Stations Manufacturing Media Movie Studios & Distributors Movie Theaters National TV Networks Operators Pharmaceutical Political Advisors Professional Services Retail Sports Marketers Technology Telecommunications Travel Insights Rankings Presentations & Whitepapers Blog Videos Data Mine Case Studies Events & Webinars About comScore Facts at a Glance Press Center Media Kit Management Investor Relations Locations Privacy Third-Party Accreditation, Certification and Review Patents Careers Job Opportunities Life at comScore Teams and Roles The comScore Vision Campus Recruitment Stay connected Have Questions? Contact me now © 2017 comScore, Inc. | Privacy Policy × Close
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Subscribe log in Jail time spurred Central Medford grad to change his life Sunday Jun 4, 2017 at 2:00 AM Jun 5, 2017 at 6:55 AM Teresa Thomas Mail Tribune @teresathomas_MT After spending about two months in jail and last summer in a drug treatment program, Logan Carranza started his junior year at Central Medford High School with fewer than nine credits to his name. And in less than a year, he managed to earn the remaining 15.5 credits he needed to graduate a year early, while working full-time. Logan, 17, says staying busy is what has kept him out of trouble and away from drugs and bad friends this past year. Although born in Oregon, Logan spent the first five years of his life with his relatives and drug-addicted mom in Mexico before one of his many aunts in Woodburn took him back to the states with her. Logan lived with several aunts during his time in Woodburn. They would play hot potato with him, handing him off to the next relative when he started being obnoxious and “doing stupid things,” he says. In middle school, he started being more rebellious, and by his freshman year in high school, he was doing marijuana and hanging out with the wrong crowd. “At the beginning, I was a very good student, and from there I started f------ around and saw school as a big joke,” he says. When he came home drunk at the end of his freshman year, his aunt’s boyfriend kicked him out, and Logan couch-surfed for the next year of his life, staying with friends, siblings of friends and neighbors of friends until he wore out his welcome. “I tried my best, but high school was falling part,” he says. “It was too much stress. I had to wake up earlier to get to school because of where (my friend) lived. It used to be a 15-minute walk to school, and then it was an hour walk. I had to wake up at 6:30.” During this time, he purchased a fake ID and Social Security card for $40 and used it to get a job at Walmart. There were parties every weekend with his older friends, and “around that time I started using (hardcore) drugs, and I started going crazy.” “I totally forgot how I even started,” he says. But Logan can clearly remember moments where he felt overcome with shame about the direction of his life. One of those times was when a former soccer teammate ran into him at the skate park, where he was going to sleep, and invited him home. “(My friend’s mom) made us pancakes with milk. I hadn’t eaten, but I was so coked out I wasn’t even hungry. I remember she turned around and looked at me, and I started crying. She teared up, too. I didn’t want her to see me like this. I lived there for about a week.” Logan had friends, enemies, and friends with enemies. His life, he says, was rife with threats and fights and warnings from police officers who knew him by name. Then, one day in April last year, a fight at school landed him in jail. “That’s when I got arrested, got handcuffed,” he says. “They drove me to jail in Salem.” Fortunately, Logan had not used his brass knuckles, which were in his friend’s possession at the time, and avoided a nearly six-year prison sentence and Measure 11 assault charge. While in jail, one of the officers asked Logan what he wanted to be when he grew up. “I said, ‘A registered nurse,’ and he said, ‘Not with a felony you’re not,’” Logan says. “Those were his exact words.” Logan told his probation officer that if he was going to get his life back on track, then he couldn’t go back to his aunt’s house, back to Woodburn High School and back to his old friends. “I told him it would lead to me being back here (jail),” Logan says. As a kid, Logan had traveled to Medford to watch his cousin compete in a soccer tournament. He thought it was a nice place, so his probation officer enrolled him in a residential treatment program in Medford, which started June 13, 2016. He completed the program the first day of school, Sept. 7, and moved in with Gena Kesler, the guardian of his roommate in the program. He’s been living there ever since while attending Central Medford High School. “First of all, I had space, and second of all, it’s what I like to do to help these kids,” Kesler says. “My son, who was in OnTrack at the time, really liked him and thought he would fit in our household well.” Logan stayed at school every day until his shift at Wendy’s — later Burger King — started to avoid any social situations where he might be tempted to regress into his old ways. Principal Amy Herbst says he made up more than two years of work through online credit retrieval, online classes and passing proficiency tests. Despite his record, he had great attendance and no discipline referrals, Herbst says. “He was here every day doing what he was supposed to be doing,” she says. In January, Logan participated in some criminal activity, he says, but “got lucky” and was once again reminded of how precarious his situation was. “I wasn’t perfect all the way, but, since then I’ve been clean … and stayed focused on what I’m doing with my life,” he says. Logan plans to attend Rogue Community College this fall, courtesy of a federal grant, and hopes to earn an associate degree and then transfer to a university to pursue a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice. “I want to become a homicide detective,” he says. “It doesn’t sound like a boring job. You’re doing something new every day and plus, I like mysteries." He later jokes, “If you can’t beat them, join them." Reach education reporter Teresa Thomas at 541-776-4497 or tthomas@mailtribune.com. Follow her at www.twitter.com/teresathomas_mt. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 68° F Clear Wind SE at 4 MPH Pressure 1014 MB Dewpoint 45° F Visibility 7 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Traffic Alert, June 4, 2017 By Staff Sunday, June 4, 2017 Road closures and maintenance projects may affect traffic this week: City of Grand Junction Projects with Travel Restrictions ■ First Street Reconstruction, Ouray Avenue to North Avenue:  There will be lane shifts and flaggers when needed.  Access to all businesses will be maintained. Anticipated completion is July. ■ First Street Milling, North Avenue to Orchard Avenue: Milling will take place Monday and Tuesday only. There will be lane shifts and flaggers when needed. Expect delays. ■ Fourth Street Sewer Manhole Replacement Project, North Avenue to Grand Avenue: Expect intermittent lane shifts and short-term street closures. Anticipated completion is mid-June. ■ Pavement Striping: Striping operation will take from 7 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday– Thursday. Crews will stripe streets in the area of the Rimrock Walmart, Mesa Fitness and American Furniture Warehouse. Do not cross wet paint ■ Street Crack Filling Project: Starting today, crews will fill cracks and seal roadways on 12th Street from North Avenue to Patterson Avenue.  Street will remain open during treatment and reduced to one-lane travel. Flaggers will direct motorists through work area. Anticipated completion is Wednesday. Non-City of Grand Junction Projects with Travel Restrictions     ■ 29½ Road Bridge Replacement over Grand Valley Irrigation Canal, Colorado Department of Transportation/Mesa County: 29½ Road is closed to through traffic from Orchard Avenue to Patterson Road. Access is provided for local residents. Detour route is in place.  Anticipated completion, late June. Info: 640-6129. ■ Utility Pole Replacement Project, Orchard Avenue from 12th Street to 28 Road, Xcel Energy Project: Intermittent eastbound lane closures during normal work hours. Short delays can be expected. ■ Colorado National Monument, National Park Service Project: National Park Service staff will make repairs to the rock guard walls along Rim Rock Drive at various locations throughout the monument. There will be alternating one-lane traffic through the construction zones from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. weekdays. Expect up to 10-minute delays. Flaggers will to assist motorists. Anticipated completion is June. ■ Interstate 70 Beavertail Tunnel Lighting Project, east of Palisade, CDOT Project: Speed limit is reduced to 40 mph when flaggers are present. Eastbound Interstate 70 traffic will be detoured onto service road. No vehicle parking or bicycling on the service road. Westbound and eastbound traffic can expect single-lane closures this week. Project hours are 7 a.m. –5 p.m. weekdays. Anticipated completion is November. Info: 970-456-1481. Mesa County Projects Paving: South Broadway, Vista Grande to Colorado Highway 340; Creekside Court, Creekside Circle, Castskill Court, Rushmore Drive, Lassen Court, Chaco Court, Shenandoah Drive, Brenton Court, Carlsbad Drive, Acadia Court, Olympic Court, Bryce Court, Ranier Court, Baniff Court, McKinley Court and Colonial Drive. Shouldering: L Road, 18 Road to 20 Road; 18½ Road, M Road to M¾ Road; K Road, 21½ Road to 22½ Road; 25 Road, Grand Junction city limits to Interstate 70 overpass; 20 Road, U.S. Highway 6&50 to J Road. Chip and Seal Monday: Autumn Breeze Drive, barricade to E½ Road; Red Maple Court, cul-de-sac to Autumn Breeze Drive; Purple Ash Circlue, Autumn Breeze Drive to Autumn Breeze Drive; E½ Road, 32 Road To 33 Road. Tuesday: 29½ Road, F Road to F½ Road; 30, Road, F Road to F½ Road. Wednesday through Friday: Centennial Mobile Home Park: Hall Ave, Centennial Drive, Mesa Avenue, Placer Drive, E.24 Road, E.36 Road, Texas Avenue, Sycamore Street, Kennedy Avenue, Garfield Drive, Sandra Avenue, Mesa Avenue. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Technology Support Specialist I Colorado Mountain CollegeRifle and Glenwood SpringsFor... City Of Grand Junction Opportunities Now hiring for the following positions:Campus Safety Officer - CMU Oil And Gas Industry Colter Energy Services USA, Inc. is seekingField Supervisors,Night Opera... Qi Accreditation And Compliance Manager, Rn Home Health - Ft Or Pt QI Accreditation and Compliance ManagerUtilize knowledge of health pl... Accountant sought for City of RifleFinance DepartmentPosition is ... Director Of Planning And Building The Town of Telluride, a National Historic Landmark District, is seeking a Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Today is Thursday June 08, 2017 KTBB Menu News Local State National World Business Political Health Show Biz Sports Weather Forecast Radar Weather Archives Sports Headlines Broadcast Schedule Scholastic All Stars Rangers Bus Trips Sitemap You Tell Me Texas Podcasts In Focus Contact Us Audio/Video    •    Listen Live Podcasts In Focus RSS Feeds Get the App! Audio Archives Special Coverage Rush Update Schedules    •    KTBB 92.1 The Team FM Deportes Sports Features    •    You Tell Me Texas Decision 2016 In Focus World Tour Find an Advertiser Scholastic All Stars Calendar of Events Trivia Quiz Lunch Break Contest Teacher of the Month Station Info    •    Logos Employment Privacy Policy Personalities Awards Sun Hours FAQ Media Kit    •    Contact Us    •    Contact Us Government Contacts Advertisers    •    Contest Rules Advertisement Advertisement Suspects Hospitalized following High-Speed Chase Posted/updated on: June 5, 2017 at 10:45 am Print Friendly EAST TEXAS — Two suspected shoplifters are facing charges in Marshall following a high-speed chase. The suspects were identified as Erin Robinson, 29 and Whitney Williams, 24, both of Shreveport. It started just before 9:00 Friday night when Marshall Police received a call regarding a shoplifting that had just occurred at Walmart on East End Boulevard South. Responding officers spotted a car matching the description of the suspect’s vehicle and attempted to conduct a traffic stop. The driver refused to stop and fled on Highway 80 East, eventually getting onto Interstate 20. The chase ended in West Shreveport when the suspects wrecked their car. They were both transported to University Health hospital in Shreveport with serious but non-life-threatening injuries. Once released from the hospital, Robinson and Williams will be charged with evading arrest and theft. Go Back Suspects Hospitalized following High-Speed Chase Posted/updated on: June 5, 2017 at 10:45 am Print Friendly EAST TEXAS — Two suspected shoplifters are facing charges in Marshall following a high-speed chase. The suspects were identified as Erin Robinson, 29 and Whitney Williams, 24, both of Shreveport. It started just before 9:00 Friday night when Marshall Police received a call regarding a shoplifting that had just occurred at Walmart on East End Boulevard South. Responding officers spotted a car matching the description of the suspect’s vehicle and attempted to conduct a traffic stop. The driver refused to stop and fled on Highway 80 East, eventually getting onto Interstate 20. The chase ended in West Shreveport when the suspects wrecked their car. They were both transported to University Health hospital in Shreveport with serious but non-life-threatening injuries. Once released from the hospital, Robinson and Williams will be charged with evading arrest and theft. Go Back Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement News • Weather • Media Kit • Advertisers • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Site Map © 1999 - 2017 Copyright Gleiser Communications, LLC Home | Contact Us | Employment | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Find an Advertiser Other stations in the Gleiser Communications family include: 92.1 The Team FM | KYZS 1490AM ESPN Deportes Hosted by
Sheila E., Gogol Bordello to headline Artscape 2017 Sports Outdoors and Recreation Fireworks in the woods Cori Brown photo The Scarlet Tanager lives high in the tree tops, making it hard to find but well worth the effort. The Scarlet Tanager lives high in the tree tops, making it hard to find but well worth the effort. (Cori Brown photo) Cori BrownContact Reporter There are fireworks in our woods. They’re not the kind you normally think of but none the less they are as brilliant and as bright as any I’ve ever seen. They come in a variety of colors and in all shapes and sizes. Often they’re heard before they’re seen. As quickly as they appear, they vanish. Our woods are ablaze with the sights and sounds of migratory songbirds, some just passing through and others here to stay, nest and rear their young. For years I’ve walked in our woods and never really noticed them or their distinctive songs. It took a few emails from fellow members of the Carroll County Bird Club to make me realize what I had been missing. Week after week I got messages detailing all the wonderful birds others were seeing. I was green with envy. I had the usual suspects: blue jays (it seems there is a bumper crop of them this year), cardinals, goldfinches, house finches, catbirds, grackles, red-wing blackbirds, etc. These are fine birds and I never take them for granted but they are a bit ho-hum compared to warblers, tanagers, grosbeaks, buntings and a host of other really cool birds. Cori Brown photo The Great Crested Flycatcher is a common woodland bird with its lemon-yellow belly and loud, distinctive whistle call. The Great Crested Flycatcher is a common woodland bird with its lemon-yellow belly and loud, distinctive whistle call. (Cori Brown photo) My friend Sharon Schwemmer and I make frequent forays around the county looking for birds and sometimes we are really lucky. Quite often they are close by and in some unlikely places. The pond behind the Walmart in Hampstead has more than its share of some really neat birds, including the Common Yellowthroat. Another little hotspot is the pond next to the Jiffy Mart on Route 97, though it tends towards larger birds like Belted Kingfishers, Bald Eagles and Ospreys. Meanwhile, back in my yard, I started paying more attention on my daily 7 am walks with the dog through the woods. Soon I heard many strange songs and flashes of bright color zipping through the trees. Trying to keep all the voices straight was getting tough, not to mention binocular whiplash from trying to keep up with birds flying here, there and everywhere. It was like an IMAX movie with surround sound, only so much better. Cori Brown photo The Common Yellowthroat loves low, dense brushy vegetation and is naturally curious. The Common Yellowthroat loves low, dense brushy vegetation and is naturally curious. (Cori Brown photo) I realized quickly that I needed help with what I was seeing and hearing. That’s when I turned to my smartphone and a very neat free app called Merlin from the Cornell Lab of Ornithology. It has photos, sounds and range maps for over 500 species of birds. What started out as a garbling gaggle of noise soon became very distinctive calls and songs of individual birds. It helped to have Sharon with me on occasion, too, to give me tips on what I was hearing when I couldn’t see the birds (this happens quite often, especially since that the trees have leafed out). Now that I was much more focused on what I was hearing, I discovered that there were quite a few little jewels living in our woods. That envy I mentioned earlier soon disappeared because I had my own treasure trove to revel in. The Scarlet Tanager made the top of the list. I only saw one once on our property years ago. He was at the very top of a very tall tree. My photo of him was fuzzy to say the least. This time was different. I followed the song (it sounds a bit like a robin to me, only one in the deep woods) and there he was in all his black and scarlet glory perched right above me. This was one of those contortionist moments where it was a miracle I didn’t fall over backwards to get a photograph of him. I even shot a video as he sang for his sweetheart probably waiting for him nearby (by the way, the females are an equally attractive yellow and black). Cori Brown photo The melodious flute-like song of the Swainson’s Thrush spirals upward as it sings. The melodious flute-like song of the Swainson’s Thrush spirals upward as it sings. (Cori Brown photo) After several weeks of forays into the woods, I counted at least twelve new birds or ones I hadn’t seen in years, including a Rose-breasted Grosbeak, at least five different kinds of warblers, Ruby-crowned Kinglets, a Swainson’s Thrush, an Indigo Bunting, Great Crested Flycatchers, Blue-gray Gnatcatchers and Red-eyed Vireos. I know that there are even more out there but being a novice, I have yet to figure them out. Not only is it a joy to see these beautiful birds with their many bright colors and patterns, but it is also a joy to share them with others. Over the last year, I’ve given talks to various groups about what to see in your own backyard or close by. People are amazed at the variety of birds I photographed just walking out the back door. It inspires them to take a closer look at their own yards and discover what hidden gems might be waiting for them. The lesson here: don’t underestimate who is visiting you. Take the time to listen and watch. You will be amazed at the bounty of wonderful birds we have here in Carroll County. Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Mancini's 3-run homer in 11th lifts O's over Pirates, after he ties game with 2-run shot in 9th After pair of extra-inning wins, Orioles sit in roster limbo heading into makeup game at Nationals Orioles' Manny Machado leaves game with gash after taking spike to left hand; X-rays negative Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 66°
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home News Security Newswire Technologies Security Blog eNewsletter Web Exclusives Columns Career Intelligence Security Talk The Corner Office Leadership & Management Cyber Tactics Overseas and Secure Management Leadership Management Enterprise Services Security Education & Training More Physical Access Management Video Surveillance Identity Management More Cyber Sectors Education: University Hospitals & Medical Centers Critical Infrastructure More Exclusives Security 500 Report Most Influential People in Security Top Guard and Security Officer Companies The Security Leadership Issue Annual Innovations, Technology, & Services Report Events Industry Events Webinars Security 500 Conference Security 500 West Resources The Magazine This Month's Issue Digital Edition Archives Professional Security Canada Videos ISC West 2017 Photo Galleries Polls Classifieds & Job Listings White Papers Mobile App Store Sponsor Insights Contact Editorial Guidelines Advertise Subscribe Home » Wal-Mart Employees are Now Making Deliveries Security NewswireRetail/Restaurants/Convenience Wal-Mart Employees are Now Making Deliveries June 3, 2017 Reprints No Comments Wal-Mart is testing an app that matches online order delivery addresses with its employees' driving routes home so the workers can deliver packages ordered online as they drive home. "Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages," said Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S., in a blog post. The app matches online order delivery addresses with employees' driving routes home from work, built to minimize any more driving than what the employee would do anyway to get home. Delivering is completely voluntary, and the employees can choose when they want to deliver, how many packages they can take and what size. "Once they're done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head towards home," Lore said. Wal-Mart compensates the employees for it but declined to elaborate how it works. Wal-Mart said the test has only been in progress for a month but so far "hundreds" of deliveries have been completed in two locations in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Security Magazine.  Related Articles Shoplifters and Dishonest Employees Has Increased in 9 of the Past 10 Years Addressing the Continued Risk of Zika: Protection, Prevention and Communcation Wal-Mart Names Global Chief Compliance Officer Study Shows Employee Theft Involves Money and is Rarely Reported Related Products Securing SCADA Systems The Database Hacker's Handbook: Defending Database Servers Risk Analysis and the Security Survey, 4th Edition The Web Application Hacker's Handbook: Discovering and Exploiting Security Flaws 2E Related Events Make My Data: Meet the New Face of Security Context Matters: How Training Your Security Infrastructure to Make Contextual Decisions Like Your Brain is Key To Risk Mitigation Are You Properly Securing Your Facilities? Actionable Advice for a Bulletproof Plan Wireless Bandwidth You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions Security eNewsletter & Other eNews Alerts Online Registration Mobile App Subscription Customer Service More Videos Sponsored Content Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the Security audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep. Close Sponsored By Brivo Standard Key Cards and Fobs: Are They Really Good Enough for Physical Access Control? From our physical security survey: 60% of respondents, who have an electronic access control, are still using standard key fobs and cards. Find out how key fobs and cards put you at risk. Events August 25, 2016 Supporting the Victims of Domestic Violence at Work through Pro-active Security Planning The tragedy of the United States domestic violence situation is impossible to quantify. There is both a sordid history and an on-going crisis; a crisis that has become normalized. Since 2000, approximately more than 20,000 women have been murdered by domestic partners, or "family terrorists". May 17, 2017 Overcoming Common Access Control Vulnerabilities: Best Practices for Today's Environment In this webinar, you will learn about the current state of the access control market, including key technologies in use, how to best prepare for and conduct upgrades to access control systems and actionable best practices to protect organizations from common vulnerabilities. View All Submit An Event Poll Background Check Policies What kind of background check policy does your enterprise have? Yes, we have a policy of continual background checks for current and prospective employees. Yes, we have a background check policy for all new employees. Yes, we have a background check policy, but only for specific positions and responsibilities. We’re in the process of implementing a background check policy. We do not have a background check policy. We’re waiting for legislation to outline our compliance needs and responsibilities before implementing a background check policy. View Results Poll Archive Products Effective Security Management, 6th Edition  Effective Security Management, 5e, teaches practicing security professionals how to build their careers by mastering the fundamentals of good management. Charles Sennewald brings a time-tested blend of common sense, wisdom, and humor to this bestselling introduction to workplace dynamics.  See More Products Security Magazine 2017 June Millennials like smartphones, online banking, selfies and… security? The security industry is in need of millennials’ talent and innovation, but it’s necessary to adjust expectations and support to get the most out of this new workforce. The Leadership Issue of Security includes insight into millennials’ career strategies, data breach response planning, hospital security & more. View More Subscribe More Market Research Custom Content & Marketing Services Security Group Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Want More Connect Partners Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Stocks close lower but remain near record levels; Apple slides The three major indexes remained near all-time highs despite closing marginally lower. Still, some traders are worried about this stock-market rally as a large chunk of this year's gains have come from just five large-cap tech stocks. Fred Imbert | @foimbert Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 4:28 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks close lower as Apple falls on rare downgrade    Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 4:01 PM ET | 00:39 U.S. equities closed slightly lower on Monday, but held near record levels, while shares of Apple declined on a rare downgrade. The S&P 500 slipped 1 percent, with materials and utilities lagging. The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 20 points, with Apple contributing the most losses. The Nasdaq composite traded 0.1 percent lower after reaching an all-time intraday high. Rob Lutts, chief investment officer at Cabot Wealth Management, said two key elements supporting this market are the relative value of stocks versus other alternatives, like bonds, and strong earnings growth. "Clearly the market is more expensive compared to a few years ago, but earnings have justified those valuations," he said. Still, some traders are worried about this stock-market rally as a large chunk of this year's gains have come from just five large-cap tech stocks. "The averages are making new highs but that's because of a handful of stocks. If you take those out, we'd probably be lower," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. Spencer Platt | Getty Images NYSE Trader on the floor The S&P tech sector has handily outperformed in 2017, advancing 22.5 percent. On Monday, the sector rose 0.1 percent, but a decline in Apple shares capped gains. Apple's stock fell 1 percent after Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves downgraded the stock to sector weight from overweight. In a Sunday note, Hargreaves said the stock is not pricing in potential risks, like supply issues with the new iPhone 8. "We believe AAPL anticipates strong performance in the iPhone 8 cycle, while providing relatively little weight to risks through the cycle or the potential for iPhone sales to decline in FY19," he said. Investors also kept an eye on Apple's annual developers' conference on Monday, where the revealed several new products. Stocks traded in a narrow range for most of Monday's session, with the S&P moving just 0.21 percent. "There's not a lot of economic news to really decipher," said Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout, noting the market will remain in a "wait-and-see mode for a few weeks until we get peak second-quarter earnings." In economic news, the IHS Markit U.S. services PMI for May came in at 53.6, up from 53.1 in April, marking "the largest rise in overall activity since February," IHS said in a release. The May ISM nonmanufacturing index, meanwhile, came in at 56.9, just below a consensus estimate of 57.0. Overseas, European stocks traded lower as investors digested a terrorist attack in London that killed at least seven people on Saturday night. The FSTE 100 fell 0.27 percent, while the French CAC 40 dropped 0.66 percent. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index fell 0.1 percent. U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said that it's time to step up the fight against Islamist extremism in the wake of the new attack. "It is time to say enough is enough," she said. Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average fell 22.25 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 21,184.04, with Apple leading decliners and Wal-Mart outperforming. The S&P 500 slipped 2.97 points, or 0.12 percent, to end at 2,436.10, with utilities leading seven sectors lower and energy the top advancer. The Nasdaq declined 10.11 points, or 0.16 percent, to close at 6,295.68. About nine stocks declined for every five advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 699.47 million and a composite volume of 2.893 billion. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 10.1. —CNBC's Silvia Amaro and John Melloy contributed to this report. On tap this week: Monday Earnings: Coupa Software, Thor Industries Tuesday Earnings: Dave & Buster's, Lands' End, Michaels Cos, Ambarella, IDT, United Natural Foods, Canadian Solar, Oxford Industries 10:00 a.m. JOLTs 10:00 a.m. QFR Wednesday Earnings: Brown-Forman, ABM, Greif, Verint Systems 3:00 p.m. Consumer Credit Thursday Earnings: Dell Technologies, JM Smucker, Vail Resorts, Verifone, Cloudera 7:45 a.m. European Central Bank rate decision 8:30 a.m. News conference with ECB President Mario Draghi 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 10:00 a.m. QSS Friday Earnings: Ferrellgas Partners 10:00 a.m. Wholesale trade Fred ImbertMarkets Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NASDAQ --- S&P 500 --- AAPL --- DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
Hot Topics: 1440 Pine St. final approval Dead & Company surveillance Flatirons church land deal Weed steaming at CU Caribou Ranch News tips Print   Email   Font Resize As Boulder County bike industry confronts sales slump, retail trainers focus on manners By Shay Castle Staff Writer Posted:   06/02/2017 04:27:29 PM MDT Updated:   06/02/2017 08:34:17 PM MDT Steve Cepek of Full Cycle bikes in Boulder on Friday runs through the features of a touring bike the Lawson Drinkard is considering upgrading to in advance of Drinkard's ride in the 120 mile Triple Bypass. (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) Local cycling shops are investing in a training program to teach their employees not how to fix a flat or fit someone for a bike, but how to smile, greet customers, maintain eye contact, say please and thank you — basic manners that, business owners hope, will save their shops from the decline ravaging the industry as more shoppers move online. "Almost all the training that bike shop employees get is technical training or how to sell products," said Ray Keener, former board president of Community Cycles and executive director of Bicycle Product Suppliers Association. "Nobody is teaching them how to interact better with their fellow humans." Keener, through his industry training company Growth Cycle, is developing the CST (Customer Satisfaction Training) program with retail training firm The Mann Group to develop the content. Australia's Myagi will create the presentation platform, consisting of more than 20 videos covering everything from phone behavior to selling service. Retailers are voting to narrow the 31 potential topics down to 20. A list of the choices reveals just how bad things have gotten: Sample advice includes "Don't badmouth customers" and "Talk to customers, not each other." Advertisement Keener observes that these behaviors are not limited to bicycle retail — "You go into a grocery store and the bagger and checker are talking to each other, working at half speed." But there is more pressure on bike shops. Between 2000 and 2015, the number of retailers in the U.S. was cut nearly in half, from 7,500 at the dawn of the millennium to around 4,000 today. "In retail today, you don't just open the door and people walk in because you're there," said Russel Chandler, owner of Boulder's Full Cycle, one of two local retailers to adopt CST so far. The other is Vail Resorts-owned chain Bicycle Village, which operates a location at 2100 28th St. Chandler sees the training as a way to "differentiate" his shop from others by becoming the first shop to truly master the art of good customer service. "That's your chance to demonstrate (to customers) why they're better off coming to you versus going online," he said. There was a time shops could set themselves apart by the expertise, Keener said, catering to elite cyclists. But no more. The riders who already know what they want are more likely to get it online, faster and for less money. "The lifeblood of the shops is the new customers, the families with kids," he said. "Those are the people that are the future of bike retail." That is a demographic Boulder bike shops have struggled to welcome in, said Chandler, in part because the city has such an active population. "We're such an athlete-oriented community, it's almost a bit of an echo chamber," he said. "When you're an athlete helping people who know just as much about the product as you, you tend to not take the time and effort to speak in a welcoming way to the novice." Longmont Velo, opened last year, incorporated that come-as-you-are ethos from the beginning, and says its paying off. Business is slowly building, and the shop saw a spike in kids' bike sales following the closure of nearby Bike-N-Hike in March. "We don't want to turn our noses up at any Walmart bikes," said manager Anthony Hardwick. "If you're on a bike, you're one of us." Even if shops can embrace a more inclusive attitude, there's no guarantee that will be enough to change shoppers' habits. The allure of online retail is, of course, not limited to cycling. Analysts at Credit Suisse predict that sales will grow from 17 percent of all retail today to 35 percent in 2030. But Keener, a lifelong industry veteran, feels compelled to try something, even if the odds are stacked against him. "We can't just watch the shops decline and shrug our shoulders and go, oh well, it's the trend of retail," he said. "That's not good enough. I and everybody who cares about this industry want to see more bike shops survive." Shay Castle: 303-473-1626, castles@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/shayshinecastle Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES More than 5,000 claims in $375M Rocky Flats settlement 'appear to be valid' Boulder weather: High of 89 today with a slight chance of afternoon storms 12 things to do in Boulder County today, June 8, 2017   BOCOPREPS (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls soccer: Broomfield's Stodden is the BoCoPreps Player of the Year Eagles coach Davidson called her "Best player I have ever had the fortune of coaching." BROOMFIELD — Hailey Stodden is the soccer equivalent of a gym rat. Her love of the game and desire to be on the pitch with her Broomfield teammates is evident every time she dons the Eagles blue and white. Full Story Girls soccer: 2017 BoCoPreps.com All-Region team Boys lacrosse: Pure earns BoCoPreps.com player of the year honors Girls tennis: Dawson's Bell earns BoCoPreps Player of the Year honors Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Gasoline Lollipops The Boulder alt-country band gives its EPs names such as Death and Resurrection, and its songs bear the mark of hard truths and sin. But the punk energy behind the playing, and the sense that it's all in good fun, make it OK to dance to a song like "Death." Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Sandy Stachowiak Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Home Beats the Amazon Echo to Canada Tech News Smart Home Google Home Beats the Amazon Echo to Canada Dave Parrack June 5, 2017 05-06-2017 1 minute Google Home Beats the Amazon Echo to Canada Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Canadians are about to get their first taste of a smart home powered by Google. Because Google Home is now available to buy in Canada. This means Google is beating Amazon to the True North, with the online retailer still not considering Canada worthy of its Echo line of smart speakers Amazon Echo vs. Dot vs. Tap: What Are the Key Differences? Amazon Echo vs. Dot vs. Tap: What Are the Key Differences? One common complaint against Amazon Echo was that it had too many features and cost too much. Amazon's response to that? Releasing two variations with smaller price tags: the Tap and the Echo Dot. Read More . Amazon launched the Echo in the U.S. in June 2015. Google followed Amazon’s lead by launching Home in November 2016. Amazon then focused on developing a whole line of devices, including the Echo Look The Amazon Echo Look Gives You Fashion Advice The Amazon Echo Look Gives You Fashion Advice The Amazon Echo Look is a hands-free camera designed to dole out fashion advice to those who need it. Useful? Possibly. Niche? Probably. Narcissistic? Definitely. Read More and the Echo Show Amazon's New Echo Speaker Comes With a Touchscreen Amazon's New Echo Speaker Comes With a Touchscreen Amazon has unveiled the Echo Show, an Alexa-enabled speaker with a touchscreen built into it. As useful as this may be, it looks like it belongs in the 1980s. Read More . But Google focused on launching its one and only smart home device in more countries around the world. Now, newly including Canada. Google Home Comes to Canada For the uninitiated, Google Home Google Home Review Google Home Review Google Home is a personal assistant smart speaker, and comes from a company that literally knows everything. The $130 Google device answers questions, controls your smart home, and plays music. Should you buy one? Read More is Google’s own take on the smart home speaker. It sits in your house, ready to do your bidding when you issue voice instructions. Google Home can answer questions, inform you about the weather, play music from Spotify, and much more besides. Canadians can now preorder Google’s smart home speaker from Google’s online store or Best Buy. Google itself is suggesting a vague release date of “2-3 weeks”. However, Best Buy suggests Google Home will arrive in Canadian stores on June 26. So we’ll assume that date is correct. Google Home will set Canadian buyers back $179 CAD. Which puts it on a par with the U.S, price. If you preorder, Best Buy will throw in a Chromecast for free. However, Google Home will also be available from Bell, Indigo, London Drugs, Rogers, Telus, Staples, The Source, and Walmart. Google Capitalizes on Amazon’s Laziness Google is taking an aggressive approach to getting Home in as many homes as possible. So, as well as Canada, the company is launching its smart speaker in Australia, France, Germany, and Japan this summer. Thus capitalizing on Amazon’s lackadaisical launch speed with the Echo Amazon Echo Review and Giveaway Amazon Echo Review and Giveaway Amazon’s Echo offers a unique integration between voice recognition, personal assistant, home automation controls, and audio playback features for $179.99. Does the Echo break into new ground or can you do better elsewhere? Read More . Advertisement Do you already a Google Home speaker? Would you recommend it to our Canadian readers? If you’re Canadian, have you been hankering to buy Google Home? Or are you going to hold out for the Amazon Echo or the Apple HomePod? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous Post11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer DaysNext PostHow iOS 11 Makes Your iPad More Like a Mac 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mitch Howes June 6, 2017 at 4:36 am I have had the Echo (purchased from the US) for 6 months now. It is a great addition to my emerging smart home aspirations. Now Apple (which I have supported for 22 years) is about to unveil the HomePod in hopes to grab some of the smart home speaker market. I have been thinking about a Sonos based home audio system but may have to wait a bit now. Reply Ty June 6, 2017 at 2:10 am I've had the google home here in Canada since it launch in the states. Unlike my amazon echos, Google didn't limit functionality outside the US. For the most part, I prefer google home but there are a few Alexa skills that keep me using my ehcos Reply Dave Parrack 1481 articles Dave Parrack is a journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when the internet was blossoming inspired his fascination with technology. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. You can follow him at About.me. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Point-of-Sale (POS) Terminals Market: Brand Analysis and Forecast upto 2020 Point-of-Sale (POS) Terminals Market Point-of-sale (POS) terminals are used for making payments, printing bills, inventory management and carrying out loyalty programs across various end-use verticals such as retail, hospitality and entertainment. POS terminals are increasingly finding growth in demand as these products enable ease of making payment and offer low total cost of ownership (TCO). The global POS terminals market was valued at USD 36.86 billion in 2013 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 11.6% during the forecast period 2014 – 2020. The high adoption of POS terminals across the retail, hospitality, healthcare, and warehouse / distribution industry is driven by ease of use and high return on investment. . Types of POS terminals include fixed POS terminals and wireless and mobile POS terminals. Mobile POS (mPOS) offers many advantages over fixed POS such as low cost and enhanced mobility. Further, it offers ease of use, as any mobile or tablet can be converted into mobile POS by simply attaching a reader with it. Thus, mPOS terminals are expected to experience high growth in demand over the coming years. Components of POS systems include hardware and software. POS hardware devices include payment terminal (reader), workstation and accessories (receipt printer, cash drawer, bar code scanner, wireless bar code scanner, physical inventory scanner, PIN pad, and tag printers). Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/point-of-sale-terminal… POS applications include use of POS terminals in restaurant, grocery/supermarket, hospitality-lodging, healthcare, retail, warehouse/distribution, field service, and government. Retail was the largest application segment for the POS terminals in 2013. Fast bill processing, maintaining customer database, data backup, inventory management, offering special discounts and managing loyalty program of retail store are some of the major functions carried out by POS terminal systems. In recent years, various advancements in POS terminal systems such as adoption of real time analytics features are being observed and are leading to the growth of overall POS terminals market. Adoption of POS terminals across healthcare industry along with their growing use in warehouse management is expected to drive the market in future. In 2013, North America was the largest market for POS terminals in terms of revenue. The region has experienced significant adoption of POS terminals across various industries such as retail and entertainment. Continuous demand for POS solutions across countries such as Canada and the U.S. is attributed to significant growth of retail stores, quick service restaurants and casinos in the region. In Europe, compliance requirements such as EuroPay, MasterCard and Visa (EMV) regulation are driving the growth of POS terminals market as these have enhanced the security of payments. Germany, France, and UK are experiencing significant growth in the POS terminals market for healthcare application due to significant investment in technology to upgrade healthcare facilities in these countries. Asia Pacific region is expected to be the fastest growing region owing to expanding retail and hospitality sectors in China and India. Demand from countries such as Japan, China, India, Hong Kong and Australia is expected to drive Asia Pacific market in coming years. Increasing demand for mobile POS from small and medium size businesses is expected to further drive the growth POS terminals market in rest of the world (RoW) region. Wal-Mart and other big retail chains are expanding their business in Latin America and this has led to growing demand for POS solutions in the region. This 99-page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Point-of-Sale (POS) Terminals Market. Browse to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The global POS terminals market is fragmented with intense competition among players. Key players in POS terminals market include Ingenico S.A., NEC Corporation, PAX Technology Limited, MICROS Systems Inc., VeriFone Systems Inc., Cisco Systems Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company, Toshiba Corporation, Panasonic Corporation and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious La meta-analisi conferma l’efficacia degli ultrasuoni ad impulsi a bassa intensità (low intensity pulsed ultrasound, LIPUS) quale alternativa all’intervento chirurgico per le fratture disunite accertate Next PostNext Germany Elevator and Escalator Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Arun Patil World Online Apparel Retailing Market 2017 CAGR 13.65% by 2021: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) Global Online Apparel Retailing Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Online Apparel Retailing industry. The Online Apparel Retailing Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 13.65% during the years 2017-2021. Online Apparel Retailing Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Online Apparel Retailing market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Online Apparel Retailing Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10657139 Online Apparel Retailing Market Segmentation by: Product:  upper wear apparel, bottom wear apparel, other. End-Users:  women’s apparel, men’s apparel, children’s apparel. Comfort, cost-effectiveness, and product variety provided by online apparel retailers further drive the market growth. The Online Apparel Retailing Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Demand for trendy apparel. Challenges:  Presence of counterfeit products. Trends:  Mobile commerce and network marketing. Browse Detailed Information on Global Online Apparel Retailing Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10657139 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Online Apparel Retailing market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Online Apparel Retailing industry. Global Online Apparel Retailing Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Alibaba Group, Amazon.com, JD.com, Rakuten, Walmart, and many more. The Online Apparel Retailing Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10657139 The Online Apparel Retailing market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Online Apparel Retailing market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Online Apparel Retailing industry before evaluating its possibility.   CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsOnline Apparel Retailing Industry, Online Apparel Retailing Industry Growth, Online Apparel Retailing Market, Online Apparel Retailing Market Analysis, Online Apparel Retailing Market forecast, Online Apparel Retailing Market Growth, Online Apparel Retailing Market Research, Online Apparel Retailing Market Shares, Online Apparel Retailing Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mini Refrigerators Market Analysis by Top Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption-Demand Analysis to 2020 Next PostNext Imperial Pest Prevention of Daytona Beach, Fl. states Powassan Virus could be coming for Florida Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Ogden woman charged with locking kids in car trunk while shopping By Pat Reavy @DNewsCrimeTeam Published: June 5, 2017 3:55 p.m. Updated: June 5, 2017 3:57 p.m. + Leave a comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Weber County Jail Tori Lee Castillo, 39, of Ogden, was charged May 31 in Riverdale Justice Court with two counts of child abuse, a class B misdemeanor. Related Link Woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping RIVERDALE — A woman accused of locking her two children in the trunk of her car while she went shopping is facing child abuse charges. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, of Ogden, was charged May 31 in Riverdale Justice Court with two counts of child abuse, a class B misdemeanor. She was arraigned Monday. On May 25, police say Castillo put her two children, ages 2 and 5, into her car trunk while she went into Wal-Mart. The children made noises and moved frantically, causing the car to shake and witnesses to call for help. The good Samaritans instructed the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape, police say. Pat Reavy Pat is a veteran police and courts reporter for the Deseret News and KSL. @DNewsCrimeTeam preavy@deseretnews.com Add a comment Like that? Read this. Utah 20 hours ago S.L. County mayor calls for embattled recorder's resignation Utah 12 hours ago Higher ed commissioner: Pact with Huntsman likely before U. president interviews start Sponsored by KSL Jobs Nailed it! 7 sample interview questions from local employers Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 Get to know the 3rd Congressional District candidates 2 Jury acquits 2 of murder in drive-by shooting, but guilty of obstructing justice 3 Park officials: Death of California man in Zion National Park was suicide 4 Enthusiasts spread wonders of bees at 7th annual Honeybee Festival 5 Photos: Volunteers build beds for children in need View all for Utah most Commented 48 Former Vice President Biden to headline Romney summit 37 Tens of thousands celebrate diversity at Utah Pride Parade downtown 34 Mormon missionaries being surveyed online regarding personal safety, risks 33 The trouble with Gary Ott 29 Inside the newsroom: Does anybody care about religious persecution? 25 Gunman made threats in Instagram post against woman he killed 20 Could legal homeless camps work in Salt Lake County? 18 The era of sales-tax-free online shopping is nearly over in Utah. Here's how it ended Thursday, June, 8, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Deals and Giveaways ▸ The cheapest Surface Pro 4 this week in Deals Deals and Giveaways The cheapest Surface Pro 4 this week in Deals Viet Do June 5, 2017 Shares When you think of the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 on sale, you probably think Black Friday or Cyber Monday. Discounts are rare, but this week, a boring normal week in June, Staples has the cheapest Surface Pro 4 to date. The Core i5 better-than-base model Surface Pro 4 drops to $599. Direct from the Microsoft Store, the same tablet is priced at $999, or $400 more than Staples’ discount. While the Memorial Day weekend sales are long over, all the good HDTV deals are not. Today Walmart has an RCA 50-inch 4K Smart TV for $264.15. It’s not even a refurbished unit – brand new at a budget big screen TV price. Another hot electronic on sale this week is the GoPro Hero 5 Black action camera. Almost always a $400 purchase, today only Amazon cut the price to $349. It’s the lowest price to date by $50 for the best-selling action camera on Amazon. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Core i5-6300U, 128GB — $599 (list $999) RCA RLDED5098 50-inch 4K Ultra HDTV — $264.15 (list $320) GoPro HERO5 Black — $349 (list $400) OTHER AWESOME DEALS COMPUTERS Dell Inspiron 15 5568, Core i7-6500U, 8GB RAM, 1080p Touch (Refurbished) — $530.99 (list $700) — Use code: PJUNESAVINGS10 Lenovo IdeaPad N42-20 Chromebook, Celeron N3060, 4GB RAM, 16GB eMMC — $139.99 (list $219) Western Digital Mainstream 2TB Hard Drive — $59.99 (list $75) HP W2081D 20-inch LED Monitor (Refurbished) — $58.99 (list $100) HP LE1911 19-inch LCD Monitor (Refurbished) — $39.99 (list $90) Logitech MK530 Wireless Keyboard and Mouse — $24.99 (list $50) HOME ENTERTAINMENT Sharp LC-70N7100U 70-inch 4K Ultra HD HDR Smart TV — $1,398 (list $1,600) Samsung UN55HU6840 55-inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TV (Refurbished) — $449.99 (list $649) The Mummy: Ultimate Collection (Blu-ray) + $8 Movie Cash for The Mummy (2017) — $17.99 (list $28) GAMING DEALS GamersGate Sale: Capcom Midweek HTC Vive VR System — $779 (list $799) — Use code: SAVE15 PlayStation 4 Slim Uncharted 4 Bundle — $239.99 (list $299) The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind (PC Download) — $49.19 (list $60) 99 Spirits: Complete Collection (Steam) — $14.99 (list $30) Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Viet Do Viet works at Dealzon.com, a deal site for techies and gamers. Run by geeks across the U.S. with an unhealthy obsession for pizza and coffee. Dealzon tracks daily prices on laptops, video games, and HDTVs. At Dealzon, we find the deals so you don't have to. Sponsored Content Related Posts Samsung UN40EH6000 40-Inch LED TV – $699 + Free S&H Hot Deal: The Xbox One’s Early November 3-Free-Games Offer $50 WD TV Live, $10 Dishonored, 62% off Philips Lightning Speaker Docks Dre Beats Studio Only $120, F1 2013 Release Day Discount: GR Deals Xmas Deals: Roku Under $40, HP SlateBook 10 Hits Lowest Price BioShock Infinite + DLC only ten bucks, cheap 39-inch TV & more Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,870 Fans 13,852 Subscribers 11,387 Followers Black Friday Deals 2015 Online Deals Amazon Black Friday Deals 2015 Deals: Amazon Prime Day discounts, Samsung 4K TV + $400 Bonus Deals: 20% Off iTunes & $300 off the new Yoga 3 Pro Deals: Xbox One Console Back to Black Friday Pricing + $33 Bonus Deals: PlayStation Plus 1 Year drops $10 & a $430 55" HDTV Deals: Xbox One Master Chief bundle only $299 & 128GB iPad Mini 3 record low by $75 Deals: the cheapest Arkham Knight PS4 bundle and bargain Selfie Sticks Deals: Windows 8.1 Tablet for $70 with $70 bonus Deals: Xbox One Console Bundles Get 2 Free Games & $50 Gift Card This Week Deals: Bang for your Buck 1440p Monitors (Under $200!) Deals: Xbox One AC Unity Bundle only $319 & 1TB SSD for $280 Deals: Batman: Arkham Knight PS4 Bundle Drops $25 Before Next Week's Launch Deals: Big Screen LG 4K Smar TV falls to $600 & 20% off an iTunes Gift Card Deals: Xbox One bundle + free year of Xbox Live Deals: Latest 2015 Core i5 MacBook Air Cut to $750 Deals: Amazon Fire smartphone drops to $139 and a 4K TV only $400? Deals: Xbox One Bundles Get $40 Gift Card bonus & a well-reviewed $140 32-inch TV Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Lit Funding Opponents Play Long Game in Bid for Transparency Ben Hancock The National Law Journal CONTINUE Ex-Fisher & Phillips Partner Charged in Wife's Murder Accused of Trying to Influence Judge R. Robin McDonaldx Daily Report With Brief Jail Sentence, Was Spanier Prosecution Worth the Effort? Max Mitchell The Legal Intelligencer Read James Comey's Prepared Testimony Carley Meiners Judge Won't Tap the Brakes on Waymo-Uber Driverless Car Suit Ben Hancock The Recorder Artificial Intelligence Boldly Goes Where No Lawyer’s Gone Before › News | In-Depth Analysis Making the Future Now: Corporate Legal Operations Experts on How They Use AI By Zach Warren|Law.Com News Microsoft and Cisco Test the Waters With AI Contract Management Pilot Programs News | News Bringing AI Contract Management into Your Legal Department? Here Are 4 Tips In-Depth Analysis | News The Benefits of Welcoming AI Into the Legal Department Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Boris ‘Bow-Tie’ Feldman Demonstrates How to Tie One On Jason Doiy Paul Clement, NRA File to Appear in Sandy Hook Litigation Robert Storace The Connecticut Law Tribune Trump Tweets King & Spalding Lawyer to Head FBI Katheryn Hayes Tucker Daily Report Inside Perkins Coie's Uber Investigation That Led to 20 Terminations David Ruiz The Recorder Davis Polk Partner Killed By Train in Silicon Valley Rebecca Cohen The Recorder How a Mayer Brown Lawyer Brought a Nazi-Looted Family Heirloom Out of the Shadows Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal King & Wood Mallesons Rethinks Global Vision as Firm Plays to Asia Strengths Rose Walker Legal Week Popular     Trump Announces Slate of Big Law Nominees for DOJ, Agency Posts Media Lawyer, Pro-Trump Journalist Meet on Twitter, Team Up on Libel Suit Trump Tweets King & Spalding Lawyer to Head FBI Boris ‘Bow-Tie’ Feldman Demonstrates How to Tie One On Norton Rose Fulbright to Vote on Merger With Australia's Henry Davis York PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Arab countries sever links with Qatar Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Egypt and Bahrain have severed diplomatic relations with their neighbour and GCC trading partner Qatar. Download Supreme Court limits SEC disgorgement: what next? The US Supreme Court has unanimously ruled in Kokesh v. SEC, that SEC disgorgement is a penalty and, therefore, subject to a five-year statute of limitations. Download General Election 2017 and employment: clear blue and red water How prominently do employment issues feature in an election overshadowed by Brexit and electoral realignment? Download Encouraging shareholder involvement A new EU directive which aims to encourage shareholder engagement and increase transparency has made its way through the legislative process and will need to be implemented in the UK by June 2019. Download Federal Circuit returns the On-Sale Bar to status quo for AIA patents Contrary to USPTO guidance, invention details need not be publicly disclosed to trigger on-sale bar for AIA patents. Download Cyber concerns: how security risks and new data rules are impacting law firms As the clock winds down to the introduction of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, law firms are grappling with the new challenges it presents. In a series of interviews with IT directors, CIOs and cybersecurity lawyers, this report examines the impact of the new rules on law firms. Download Patent owner statements during IPR may limit claim scope Federal Circuit holds that patent owner’s statements can trigger prosecution disclaimers. Download Digging deeper: ethics in construction Corruption and ethical challenges have become a significant feature in the construction industry. In an effort to combat these issues, various legislative measures have been passed. Download Court of Appeal decision casts doubt on principles requiring narrow interpretation of exclusion clauses The Court of Appeal has found that an exclusion clause in an engineering services contract was effective to exclude any liability on the part of the defendant engineers for identifying and reporting on asbestos on a development site. Download Whistleblower update: Normal service resumes at the SEC’s Office of the Whistleblower There have been a number of interesting developments at the Whistleblower Office in recent weeks, which remind us that the SEC’s whistleblower program is still up and running. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local Two people shot, critically wounded in Montgomery County The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it June 5 Maryland 2 people shot, critically wounded Two people were shot and gravely wounded late Monday in the Montgomery Village area of Montgomery County. The incident occurred in the 8200 block of Gallery Court. Police said they were sent there after gunshots were reported. The victims apparently were in a car on the street when gunfire broke out about 10:45 p.m. A woman said a car was parked on the street with lights on. She watched the car, she said, expecting it to move. But it did not. Soon, police saturated the area. “So many cops,” one woman said. “So many cops.” Gallery Court is a curving one-block residential street that ends in a cul-de-sac. It is about 100 yards east of East Village Avenue. — Martin Weil Police identify man killed in Langley Park A man who was fatally shot Friday in Langley Park has been identified as Carlos Sanchez-Cabrera, 22. Officers found Sanchez-Cabrera, of Langley Park, suffering from a gunshot wound shortly before 11 p.m. in the 8200 block of 14th Avenue before he was taken to a hospital and pronounced dead, according to Prince George’s County police. Detectives are investigating a suspect and motive. Police ask anyone with information about the case to call 301-772-4925 or 866-411-8477. — Lynh Bui VIRGINIA Fairfax man held in ‘upskirting’ at retailer A 53-year-old man was arrested and charged in an “upskirting” incident at a Walmart store in the Fairfax area. The incident happened about 11 a.m. May 14 at the store on Burke Commons Road in Burke. Police said the man used a recording device to “unlawfully record up the dresses of a ­10-year-old girl and a 36-year-old woman.” When the child’s mother confronted the man, he left the store before law enforcement arrived. He fled the parking lot in a silver or gray Honda Crosstour or a similar-looking vehicle, police said. Police said that after receiving an anonymous tip, they arrested and charged Guy Joseph Parsons of Fairfax. He was taken into custody near his home on Wycliff Lane. Parsons was charged with unlawful filming of a minor. — Dana Hedgpeth THE REGION Bald eaglet leaves its nest at police building “Spirit” has flown the nest. The bald eaglet in the nest at the D.C. police facility in Southwest Washington has made her initial flight. The big moment came just before 7 a.m. Saturday, according to the Earth Conservation Corps, which helps maintain a live video feed of the nest. — Dana Hedgpeth local Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Analysis What we just learned from Betsy DeVos’s painful appearance before Congress 2 An airline tried to get a musician to check her 17th-century violin. A ‘wrestling match’ ensued. 3 Two honor roll students fatally shot in Maryland on eve of high school graduation 4 Trump, furious and frustrated, gears up to punch back at Comey testimony 5 What life inside the Islamic State looks like for new recruits The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs senior system administrator - linux - ts/sci General Dynamics senior finance manager - ts/sci w/poly required General Dynamics sr administrator, systems w/polygraph General Dynamics washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network ABC11 Together: Making a difference in the community Follow Us NEWS Man shot in jaw while riding on NC 87 in Harnett County Email share share tweet email none WTVD Monday, June 05, 2017 04:14PM SANFORD, North Carolina (WTVD) -- A passenger in a car suffered a gunshot wound to the jaw Sunday while riding on NC 87 in Harnett County. Stay on top of breaking news stories with the ABC11 News App Antonio Gillard, 28, was injured when the car he was in was passed by another vehicle on NC 87 southbound at Swanns Station Road, and someone in that car fired at the windshield. The shooting was reported about 1:30 p.m., said Harnett County Sheriff's Office spokesman Lt. Aaron Meredith. Neither Gillard, who lives in Sanford, nor the driver, Bryan Reece, were able to provide deputies a good description of the other vehicle, Meredith confirmed to ABC11. The two had just left the Walmart on N.C. 87 in Sanford, according to the sheriff's office. Gillard's injuries were not considered life-threatening. He was taken to UNC Hospitals in Chapel Hill. Report a Typo Related Topics: newsharnett county newsman shothighway 87walmartSanford Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Looking back at 7 of history's most notable Congressional hearings and testimonies Live updates: Former FBI Director Comey testifies on Capitol Hill Comey to testify before Senate panel in 1st public remarks since firing Ashes found at NC Goodwill, can you help find relatives? Comey gave Trump assurances about investigation, but questions remain More News Top Stories Murder suspect gives ABC11 exclusive jailhouse interview Fayetteville valedictorian has even loftier goals 2-year-old dies from suspected tick bite Ashes found at NC Goodwill, can you help find relatives? Comey to testify before Senate panel in 1st public remarks since firing Some groups praising Cooper's call for special session Raleigh neighbors 'ready to fight' proposed greenway Show More Supporters rally for Raleigh father detained by ICE Gun permit bill gets initial OK from NC House Read full text of Comey's Senate testimony opening remarks Pro-Trump group ramps up anti-Comey ads Brown pond making Cary's West Park residents blue More News Photos Diane Wilson completes Raleigh Half Ironman PHOTOS: Sampson County storm damage PHOTOS: Henderson factory fire PHOTOS: Raleigh firefighters battle townhome complex blaze More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network ABC11 Together: Making a difference in the community Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
null
K2 Radio Morning Show Track data not available at the moment. Please check back soon.Listen Now Home News Latest News Casper News Wyoming News National News Associated Press Listen Shows Listen Live Mobile K2 Fan Club Join Now Contests Contest Rules K2 Fan Club Support Win Stuff Win A VIP Night For 4 At The College National Finals Rodeo Win The Cheyenne Frontier Days Ultimate Ticket Blink Home Security Camera System Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle $200 Visa Gift Card iRobot Roomba 860 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner Coleman 8-Person Instant Tent Amazon Echo Show GoPro Hero5 Bundle $200 Target Gift Card Weather Intellicast Forecast Weather Update Road Closures Highway Webcams Wyoming Ski Report Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Submit A News Tip Daily Newsletter Career Opportunities K2 Fan Club Support More Get The K2 Radio App! Legislative Report Townsquare Cares On The Road - Auto Reviews Noteworthy: Lemonade Day 2017 Beartrap Summer Festival Get The K2 Radio App Submit News Tip - Win $100 Weather Casper Man Arrested for Two Police Chases in Three Days [VIDEO] Nick Learned3 days ago Share on Twitter Share on Facebook A man arrested Sunday after leading deputies on a pursuit through west Casper turned out to be the same man who fled from Casper police officers Friday night after allegedly "hitting a can of dust off" at a skate park. Kenneth Koons, 42, was initially charged with five misdemeanors: two counts of driving under suspension, reckless driving, driving without an ignition interlock device, eluding and possession of methamphetamine. During his initial appearance Monday afternoon in Natrona County Circuit Court, Koons pleaded no contest to the balance of the charges, and the state subsequently dismissed the eluding charge and one count of driving under suspension initially filed in connection with Friday's incident. Koons, who recently served 45 days in jail on a drug charge, was sentenced to six months on each charge, with those jail terms running concurrently. He will be eligible for a sentence review after completing a substance abuse evaluation. According to court documents, Koons started his weekend off Friday night at the skate park behind the Boys and Girls Club on East K Street. At about 8:30 p.m., someone called police and reported Koons was high on drugs, drinking from a bottle of alcohol and hitting a can of dust off. Koons' antics at the skate park were captured by a person who requested to be identified only as Tee Jay. He later posted the video to his Facebook page. Police arrived to find Koons in the driver's seat of a silver Toyota Avalon with temporary tags. Charging papers say Koons had his eyes closed and was screaming at the ceiling. "The driver of the vehicle [Koons] dropped his head, opened his eyes, and mouthed the words, "Oh f---" and completed a J-turn and drove out of the parking lot of the Boys and Girls Club at speeds upwards of 80 mph towards F Street," the police affidavit reads. An officer gave chase as Koons' speed surpassed an estimated 100 mph as he passed Elma, Washington, Jackson, McKinley, St. Mary and Jefferson Streets. The officer reached 76 mph before terminating the chase due to unsafe speeds. Koons, however, allegedly continued past Lincoln, Glenarm, Grant, Park, Kimball, St. John, Beech and Durbin, blowing through stop signs at speeds in excess of an estimated 110 mph. Court documents say Koons went westbound on H Street, going through stop signs at every intersection starting from Lincoln, until the officer lost sight of him at H Street and Wolcott. Police did not find Koons that night. Then, at about 11:30 a.m. Sunday, a park ranger called the Natrona County Sheriff's Office to report a suspicious man -- Koons -- on Fremont Canyon Road. Hikers had told the ranger they were intimidated by Koons' "erratic behavior." When the ranger found him, Koons was reportedly "pacing, yelling, and throwing rocks and a knife." Deputies went out to the area and found the silver Toyota Avalon eastbound on Kortes Road, toward deputies. Koons reportedly sped up as soon as he saw deputies. Two deputies gave chase, estimating Koons' speed at roughly 80-100 mph on Kortes Road. They couldn't catch Koons, who turned east onto Highway 220. Traffic conditions on the highway did not allow for a safe pursuit. Koons, meanwhile, was driving an estimated 100 mph, passing multiple vehicles in an unsafe manner. It wasn't long before Wyoming Highway Patrol troopers and Casper police officers found Koons on 220, still driving over 100 mph. Koons was allegedly weaving in and out of traffic, recklessly passing other drivers. Near mile marker 103, a state trooper reportedly gauged Koons' speed at 116 mph. Officers followed him, but again lost sight of Koons near Wyoming Boulevard. A few minutes later, Casper police officers found Koons' empty vehicle in the parking lot of the west side Walmart. Officers went into Walmart, found Koons and arrested him without incident. At the time of his arrest, Koons had a Camel snus container in his pocket with methamphetamine residue inside. Court documents say Koons, as a result of a previous arrest, is required to use an ignition interlock device on his vehicle until 2095. The Toyota Avalon, police later discovered, belonged to a woman who said she did not give Koons permission to take the car.   Filed Under: arrest, boys and girls club, Casper, Chase, Highway 220, kenneth koons, natrona county sheriff's office, pursuit, Skate Park, video, walmart Categories: Casper News, Crime, News, Videos, Wyoming News Comments Leave A Comment On the Road – Dodge Durango [VIDEO] Sign up for our Latest Articles Hwy 26 Blocked by Flood Waters West of Riverton Couple Fled, Shot at Officers After Getting Caught Brin… On the Road – Dodge Durango [VIDEO] Information EEO Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Casper Business Listings Follow Us 2017 K2 Radio, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/best-buys-not-gamestop-its-wal-mart-1496687158 Stocks to Watch Best Buy’s Not GameStop. It’s Wal-Mart. After Best Buy's big gain two weeks ago, one analyst compares the electronics retailer to Wal-Mart. By Ben Levisohn June 5, 2017 2:25 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Two weeks ago, we marveled when Best Buy's (BBY) stock soared more than 20% after the electronics retailer beat earnings and sales expectations. We also wondered if the gain, which took Best Buy to a new all-time high was sustainable. Now, we're here to tell you that there may actually be more gains ahead. Illustration: Getty Images Yes, more gains, if Loop Capital analyst Anthony Chukumba is to be believed. In a note released today, he raised his target price on Best Buy to $72 from, while maintaining his Buy rating. He explains why: While Best Buy has handily outperformed the broader market indices since the beginning of 2016, we believe the stock is still attractively valued compared to its appropriate peer group. We believe Best Buy was previously thrown into the same valuation bucket as "secularly challenged retailers" such as GameStop (GME) and Staples (SPLS), but should now trade in line with "market leading, relatively slow growth retailers" such as Home Depot (HD) and Wal-Mart Stores (WMT)...We believe Wal-Mart, which is one of the least expensive stocks in our "market leading, relatively slow growth retailers" peer group, provides a good "comp" for Best Buy. We note Best Buy compares favorably with Wal-Mart across many fundamental performance metrics; for example, Best Buy has been posting much better operating margin expansion and earnings growth over the past several quarters. Thus, we believe at a minimum Best Buy should trade in line with Wal-Mart. Shares of Best Buy have declined 0.2% to $59.54 at 2:19 p.m. today, leaving 21% upside to Chukumba's $72 target. GameStop has gained 0.9% to $22.49, Staples has advanced 0.3% to $9.13, Home Depot has declined 0.4% to $154.74, and Wal-Mart Stores has risen 0.8% to $80.28. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Gap: Any Way the Wind Blows... NEXT Forget Tesla. Here's a Real Truck Stock With Big Upside. Most Popular What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony 5 Tech Stocks for the Long Run Why Pandora Tanked Today Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Black Hawk County Metro Dubuque County Metro Johnson County Metro Linn County Metro Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Missing Coralville man found safe by Omaha police Hospital execs fear loss of Iowans’ safety net Neighbors rankled by removal of Cedar Rapids pond for stormwater detention basin Whirlpool reducing staff in Amana Hawkeyes play waiting game with VandeBerg, Bazata Cosby defense focuses on accusers’ credibility as trial continues Reynolds won’t rule out more cuts for higher education WATCH LIVE: Trump in hot seat as Comey testifies Corbett sets June 20 for gubernatorial decision Businessman, veteran Keith Wiggins announces run for Cedar Rapids City Council Former Delhi city clerk will plead guilty to embezzling money Plea to be entered this week in federal court Video Photo Angela Billings Trish Mehaffey The Gazette More stories from Trish Jun 6, 2017 at 8:28 am | Print View CEDAR RAPIDS — A former Delhi city clerk, charged with theft in state court, now faces a federal charge and will plead guilty on Friday to embezzling at least $75,000 from the city’s coffers. Angela J. Billings, 42, of Anamosa, was charged last Friday with theft concerning a program receiving federal funds in U.S. District Court. Billings, while working as city clerk for Delhi, “willfully embezzled, stole, intentionally misapplied and converted” for her personal use at least $75,000 in city funds from March 2007 through January 2015, the charging information shows. She waived her right to a grand jury and will be arraigned and plead guilty to the charge Friday, according to court documents. The information also shows Billings embezzled, stole or intentionally misapplied at least $5,000 of the total $10,000, which came from federal grant money issued to the city between March 2007 and January 2015 for personal use. In December 2016, Auditor of the State Mary Mosiman conducted a special audit of the city, which found Billings spent the embezzled city funds for satellite television, weight loss supplements, calls to a psychic hotline and more than $69,000 in improper paychecks and expenses. Records show Billings used a city credit card to charge $88,160 of personal expenditures, received $63,226 in unauthorized pay and lowered her and her ex-husband’s utility bills by $6,748. The audit found she paid for a fraction of the personal expenses — $2,419.97 — with personal checks written to the city’s card company. After Billings resigned in 2015, a new city clerk was organizing records when she noticed payments to a credit card she didn’t know at the time belonged to the city. She also noticed utility billing discrepancies. Delhi Mayor Terry Harbach said last year after the audit was released that he had no “suspicions” at the time that Billings was diverting funds and giving herself extra paychecks. According to the report, Billings, who was the clerk from 2007 to 2015, made improper purchases on the city’s credit card of nearly $90,000 that included: l $16,264 at convenience stores. l $13,780 at Walmart. l $7,998 at various retail stores. There were also charges for $1,798 in late fees, finance charges, electronic payment fees and over-limit fees. Mosiman said in her report that some of the charges on the credit card were for legitimate city business, but the majority were not. From March 2007 through June 14, 2008, the city clerk position was part time and Billings was expected to work only 24 hours per week, the audit report shows. Her position was then made full time by the city, changing it to a 40-hour workweek. Still, based on a review of the time sheets, 173 of the 189 payroll checks issued to her showed hours exceeding those authorized. The audit found $6,700 of unpaid and not billed utilities linked to her — including $4,719 in unpaid utility bills for her home and for her ex-husband’s business from March 1, 2007 through Dec. 30, 2014. Mosiman also found in the audit that the city for six years had been overcharging its sewer customers by more than $250,000 for setting a rate that was discussed — but never approved — by the City Council. The audit showed more than $500,000 worth of improper spending and billing in the city of 460 people. The $256,660 in overbilling for sewer customers occurred because the city started charging a new base rate of $26 per month beginning in April 2010, which was discussed by the council but never approved in an ordinance, Mosiman said in her report. Billings’ charge in federal court doesn’t address all the misappropriations included in last year’s audit report. Federal documents also don’t include what prison time, if any, and restitution Billings will face for the conviction. l Comments: (319) 398-8318; trish.mehaffey@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Public Safety articles On the Record podcast: Is Linn County be ... Cedar Rapids man arrested on domestic as ... OPERATION QUICKFIND: Alex Hilton Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close BUSINESS 06/05/2017 03:10 pm ET Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As The World's Richest Person Prime time for Jeff Bezos. By Ryan Grenoble It’s a jungle out there, and Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is poised to be the new king ― of the billionaires, anyway. Bezos is on the cusp of overtaking Bill Gates as the world’s richest man, buoyed by the strong performance of Amazon stock in recent months and the (comparatively) smaller gains of Gates’ Microsoft during the same period. The Bloomberg Billionaires Index shows that Bezos’ net worth passed $86 billion on Monday, putting him “only” around $3.8 billion short of Gates, who clocks in at $89.8 billion. Bezos owns about 17 percent of Amazon, which closed above $1,000 per share on Friday for the first time ever, up from around $850 per share in mid-March. At those prices, that makes Amazon worth more than two Walmarts. From the beginning of the year until now, Bezos has added more than $20 billion to his net worth, according to the Bloomberg index. The only other billionaire to approach those gains is Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who added $15.6 billion to his net worth in the first half of the year. Worth $65.6 billion, he ranks fifth on Bloomberg’s list. Ahead of Zuckerberg and not far behind Bezos is Spanish businessman Amancio Ortega, who co-founded Zara ― the world’s largest fashion retailer ― and is worth approximately $85.9 billion, followed by business magnate Warren Buffett ($74.6 billion). Suggest a correction Ryan Grenoble National Reporter, HuffPost MORE: Science And Technology Business And Finance Amazon Bill Gates Jeff Bezos From Our Partners Presented by LendingTree Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 96.8 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As The World's Richest Person CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE About Our Ads Contact Us RSS FAQ Careers Archive User Agreement Privacy Policy Comment Policy Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Impact
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Ouch... WSJ's Google traffic down 44% after dropping First Click Free Featured Snippets SEO primer: How to rank for 'position 0' in 3 simple steps Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Focus on these 5 areas to deliver big results in e-commerce SEO Need to improve SEO for your large-scale e-commerce site and don't have the bandwidth to optimize content on a page-by-page basis? Check out these tips from columnist Brian Patterson. Brian Patterson on June 5, 2017 at 9:48 am More When it comes to e-commerce SEO at scale, many of the traditional tactics used for on-site optimization simply aren’t feasible. How are you going to write individually optimized titles/meta descriptions for hundreds of thousands of products? How are you going to perform keyword research for the millions of different keyword combinations your products might rank for? Because of the large scale of many e-commerce sites, traditional SEO tactics may simply be too time-intensive or tedious to make a top priority. On top of the time commitment that would be required for traditional SEO, e-commerce sites tend to present a unique set of SEO hurdles that need to be addressed. Take crawl budget, for example. For an average website — anything under a few thousand URLs — crawl budget isn’t an issue, as these sites will generally be crawled efficiently. However, we’ve worked with e-commerce sites that have millions of URLs. For sites that large, crawl budget becomes a crucial part of SEO. Having perfectly optimized pages is much less important than making sure all of your products are being crawled and indexed by the search engines. From our work with e-commerce clients, we’ve identified five areas for e-commerce SEO that can lead to strong organic traffic and revenue growth: Site indexation Main menu navigation On-page copy for category pages Product schema URL structure Let’s dig into each of these now. 1. Site indexation As mentioned above, crawl budget is a crucial consideration for large e-commerce sites. All of the on-site optimization in the world won’t help your site if Googlebot and other crawlers aren’t finding your content in the first place. There are a few tactics you can employ to improve your site indexation. One is to review the number of 5xx server errors your site returns in Google Search Console. Google Webmaster Trends Analyst Gary Illyes recently wrote a blog post on crawl budget in which he specifically directs webmasters to pay attention to the number of server errors in the Crawl Errors report in Search Console. This is because a large number of server errors or connection timeouts generally indicates poor site health. Assuming your site has few to no server errors, the next item you’ll want to review is your sitemaps. When working with one client, we successfully got Google to crawl more of the site, only to discover that the crawl also increased the number of 404 pages from 10,000 to almost 140,000. It turned out that a lot of discontinued products were still being included in sitemaps on the site, even though the pages were removed, which meant that Google was continuing to waste valuable crawl budget on products that were no longer in stock. Ensure that your sitemaps are dynamically updated to reflect the arrival of new products and the discontinuation of old products. Finally, review your product parameters. Almost every e-commerce site will have product parameters that allow site visitors to narrow, sort or otherwise refine their product searches. Here’s a sample URL for an Amazon product: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004JX7OPI/ref=s9_acsd_ps_hd_bw_b12OYj_c_x_2_w?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-3&pf_rd_r=9X15NCBY1DGQD8JT4AEM&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=3a5dd557-ba6c-504c-b670-c4055647d760&pf_rd_i=15347401&th=1 Everything in bold after the “?” is just a parameter that Amazon uses to help users find that specific roll of paper towels. Luckily, Google Search Console (and Bing Webmaster Tools) gives you the ability to instruct Googlebot to not crawl specific parameters. If you have duplicate category pages that are distinguished only by certain sorting options, URL Parameters in Search Console is a great way to conserve crawl budget for the rest of your site. 2. Main menu navigation Though main menu navigation is important for internal linking and SEO in general, it takes on a renewed level of urgency for e-commerce sites. The pages identified in your menu are the ones most likely to be indexed and ranking in search results, especially since that menu will appear across hundreds of thousands of pages. The value of internal linking in main menu navigation is amplified for e-commerce sites. One way to capitalize on this menu navigation opportunity is to use secondary navigation options. Home Depot is a prime example of this. Their “All Departments” menu only includes their 17 most general product categories. However, when you hover over each category, it expands to secondary options within that category (and even tertiary options beyond that). With that menu appearing across every product and category page on the site, that internal linking value provides a noticeable ranking boost for Home Depot’s menu pages. 3. On-page copy for category pages Many webmasters think it’s okay to have product category pages that merely list the available products and are otherwise devoid of page content. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but it’s not. Just listing products on a product category page provides almost no indication of what that page should rank for in Google. Crawlers like to see textual HTML content on a page to help understand what search results the page should appear in. Let’s look at an example from a big e-commerce player, lest you think this is an unusual strategy. Walmart has skillfully applied this approach across their product category pages, as you can see on their “Food” department page: Even something as simple as a two-paragraph description of the category provides crawlers with indexable content that gives you a much better chance of ranking in search results. It doesn’t matter if the content is at the top of the page or the bottom, as long as it’s visible to users and to crawlers. We like this strategy because, for most sites, it falls into the realm of possibility. While writing 150K unique product descriptions would be a monumental task, writing content for the hundreds of categories that these products fall into can be done with some planning and hard work. 4. Product schema While there are many helpful uses for Schema.org structured data, quite possibly the most helpful SEO use of structured data is for Product schema. Google puts a lot of emphasis on product schema, especially for e-commerce sites. Earlier this year, Google announced that they’re going to start displaying “similar items” in Google Image Search to help people find related products to what they’re searching for. Their advice to optimize for this announcement? Make sure you have product schema with an image reference. In addition to appearing in similar items searches, proper use of Product schema can make your products stand out in search results. Google will display a variety of structured data elements from Product schema, including price, star ratings, availability and more. You can see in the example below how Wayfair uses this markup effectively to increase their product visibility in search results. If possible, dynamically update your Star Rating field when customers leave new reviews on your products, as this adds more credibility to your schema and makes it likelier for Google to display your ratings. 5. URL structure When it comes to URL structure, the best solution is to keep your products as close to the root folder as possible. Although it may feel more logical to have your products several directories deep (like www.example.com/products/stuff/things/thing-1), you’re not going to want to adopt that system. Longer URLs mean that searchers don’t see your actual product name until the end of the URL, which can sometimes be abbreviated or clipped in search results. If you look at almost all major online retailers, you’ll see that their actual product listing pages are rarely more than one to two folders away from the root directory. It’s okay to include longer parameter strings after the product folder, but make sure that product name is visible in the URL for search results. If you want to take this a step further, add BreadcrumbList schema to your site to delineate the directory structure of the site. This takes the URLs that appear in SERP snippets and changes them into a clean, arrow-directed form that is much more intuitive to users. See in the example below how Dick’s and Lids’ breadcrumb URL structure makes their results so much neater and more eye-catching to users than the result for Nike. Regardless of whether or not you choose to implement this BreadcrumbList schema, make sure that the URLs for your products and your product categories are neat, readable and as close to the root directory as possible. Final thoughts By employing these five tactics, we’ve seen some noticeable SEO progress for our e-commerce clients. Here’s one client we’ve been working with since October 2016. Over the course of our engagement with this client, organic traffic is up 22 percent year over year, and organic revenue is up 27 percent as well: E-commerce SEO can have strong effects on your or your client’s online revenue, and the five tactics outlined above are the best way to get a jump start on that SEO progress. This article was co-authored by my colleague at Go Fish Digital, JR Ridley.   Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Brian Patterson Brian Patterson is partner and co-founder of Go Fish Digital, and is responsible for researching and developing strategies for Online Reputation Management (ORM), SEO, and managing web development projects. He blogs on the GFD blog and can be found on Twitter@brianspatterson. Popular Stories Focus on these 5 areas to deliver big results in e-commerce SEO Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Beyond SEO: Managing the management Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: Shopping Search MarketingSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Content & WritingSEO: Crawling and RobotsSEO: Domains & URLsSEO: Structured Data & Schema.orgSEO: Submitting & Sitemaps Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
× News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Police Beat: May 29-June 5 News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Police Beat Police Beat: May 29-June 5 June 5, 2017 by Tyler Stevenett 0 0 0 0 0 BYU Threatening May 30 – A male reported another male threatening to physically assault him in the Harold B. Lee Library. Both individuals were college-aged. Provo Drugs May 29 – The Utah County Sheriff’s Office is seeking help in locating a drug dealer in the area. The woman was last known to live in the Pleasant Grove area and has five warrants out for her arrest. An officer caught her injecting herself with drugs in January. She was found possessing a syringe filled with heroin and a purse containing additional heroine and meth. The woman violated her probation on May 15 and has been missing since. She has blue eyes and blond hair, weighs about 110 pounds and is 5-foot-3-inches tall. The Utah County Sheriff’s Office has asked that any information be reported to 801-851-4034. See the image below. Warning May 30 – The third and final victim of the drowning incident in the Provo River was recovered around 11 a.m. Provo police have asked those in the area to stay away from and use caution around the river to avoid additional tragedy. Assault May 30 – Police arrested a woman after she assaulted a hospital worker and attempted to take an officer’s firearm. The woman was booked into Utah County Jail on suspicion of a first-degree felony of attempted disarming of a police officer and one class-A misdemeanor of assaulting a healthcare provider. Her cash-only bail is set at $20,000. Orem Drugs May 31 – A woman called medics after mixing meth with baking soda and drinking it. She was taken to the hospital, and police confiscated the rest of the drugs. Theft May 31 – A woman was arrested for theft after being caught taking items from Walmart and trying to return them for money. May 31 – A man was arrested for shoplifting. The man was caught trying to steal jeans from Buckle by wearing the jeans under his own pants. June 2 – Police arrested a man on reports of ransacking a home, stealing furniture from the home and selling it online. The man reportedly entered a home on Jan. 11 and stole several pieces of furniture, causing damage to the home during transport. The homeowner took the man to court and he was ordered to pay the full value of the stolen furniture. The man was given 10 days from May 14 to pay the sum, a total of $30,422. The homeowner contacted police on May 26 informing police the sum had not been paid. The man was booked into the Utah County Jail on Thursday. Tags: assault, BYU, drugs, Orem, Police, Police Beat, Provo, theft, threat, warning Tyler Stevenett 0 0 0 0 0 June 5, 2017 Related News BYU animation program prepares students for industry June 7, 2017 BYU students share racial-profiling concern June 7, 2017 The Joseph Smith Papers: an academic step forward for the LDS Church June 7, 2017 Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies & Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (32) May 2017  (167) April 2017  (123) March 2017  (206) February 2017  (188) January 2017  (116) December 2016  (85) November 2016  (256) October 2016  (266) September 2016  (235) August 2016  (132) July 2016  (134) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (227) April 2016  (214) March 2016  (372) February 2016  (315) January 2016  (314) December 2015  (121) November 2015  (306) October 2015  (410) September 2015  (349) August 2015  (150) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (163) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (215) March 2015  (356) February 2015  (357) January 2015  (313) December 2014  (161) November 2014  (323) October 2014  (412) September 2014  (279) August 2014  (120) July 2014  (155) June 2014  (105) May 2014  (218) April 2014  (254) March 2014  (361) February 2014  (468) January 2014  (313) December 2013  (187) November 2013  (326) October 2013  (412) September 2013  (360) August 2013  (212) July 2013  (151) June 2013  (154) May 2013  (221) April 2013  (320) March 2013  (409) February 2013  (388) January 2013  (302) December 2012  (92) November 2012  (419) October 2012  (630) September 2012  (449) August 2012  (189) July 2012  (215) June 2012  (206) May 2012  (271) April 2012  (218) March 2012  (371) February 2012  (414) January 2012  (333) December 2011  (136) November 2011  (396) October 2011  (534) September 2011  (424) August 2011  (173) July 2011  (229) June 2011  (225) May 2011  (5) April 2011  (5) February 2011  (1) January 2011  (4) September 2010  (9) June 2010  (8) March 2009  (280) February 2009  (178) January 2009  (74) December 2008  (20) November 2008  (135) October 2008  (93) April 2008  (24) March 2008  (229) February 2008  (32) January 2008  (285) December 2007  (188) October 2007  (9) September 2007  (239) August 2007  (147) July 2007  (244) June 2007  (190) May 2007  (259) April 2007  (272) March 2007  (353) February 2007  (413) January 2007  (335) December 2006  (218) November 2006  (428) October 2006  (498) September 2006  (368) August 2006  (157) July 2006  (207) June 2006  (309) May 2006  (338) April 2006  (245) March 2006  (415) February 2006  (399) January 2006  (289) December 2005  (187) November 2005  (421) October 2005  (412) September 2005  (424) August 2005  (151) July 2005  (230) June 2005  (271) May 2005  (316) April 2005  (286) March 2005  (431) February 2005  (395) January 2005  (267) December 2004  (171) November 2004  (376) October 2004  (539) September 2004  (520) August 2004  (199) July 2004  (404) June 2004  (394) May 2004  (462) April 2004  (380) March 2004  (675) February 2004  (564) January 2004  (489) December 2003  (261) November 2003  (424) October 2003  (578) September 2003  (363) August 2003  (134) July 2003  (383) June 2003  (319) May 2003  (455) April 2003  (417) March 2003  (760) February 2003  (683) January 2003  (532) December 2002  (234) November 2002  (416) October 2002  (553) September 2002  (375) August 2002  (101) July 2002  (275) June 2002  (221) May 2002  (284) April 2002  (467) March 2002  (656) February 2002  (443) January 2002  (497) December 2001  (234) November 2001  (520) October 2001  (761) September 2001  (493) August 2001  (131) July 2001  (276) June 2001  (210) May 2001  (282) April 2001  (441) March 2001  (655) February 2001  (547) January 2001  (396) December 2000  (129) November 2000  (608) October 2000  (677) September 2000  (590) August 2000  (249) July 2000  (321) June 2000  (387) May 2000  (595) April 2000  (364) March 2000  (603) February 2000  (509) January 2000  (416) December 1999  (169) November 1999  (480) October 1999  (202) September 1999  (886) August 1999  (104) July 1999  (246) June 1999  (269) May 1999  (332) April 1999  (402) March 1999  (672) February 1999  (609) January 1999  (396) December 1998  (177) November 1998  (497) October 1998  (542) September 1998  (577) August 1998  (312) July 1998  (192) June 1998  (234) May 1998  (274) April 1998  (367) March 1998  (541) February 1998  (554) January 1998  (369) December 1997  (152) November 1997  (398) October 1997  (607) September 1997  (533) August 1997  (159) July 1997  (234) June 1997  (157) May 1997  (191) April 1997  (220) March 1997  (295) February 1997  (362) January 1997  (195) December 1996  (170) November 1996  (251) October 1996  (304) September 1996  (103) August 1996  (68) July 1996  (123) June 1996  (130) May 1996  (174) April 1996  (247) March 1996  (264) February 1996  (400) January 1996  (180) October 1994  (1) ABOUT US ADVERTISING BRIMHALL WEBCAM CONTACT US COPYRIGHT / PRIVACY SUBMIT NEWS TIPS UNIVERSE ARCHIVES (PDF) UNIVERSE JOBS Site Login © 2016 The Daily Universe - Brigham Young University
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 57° Full Menu 57° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals A scene in “Finding Patience” depicts the founding of a church by Holly Springs’ freed slaves immediately after emancipation. Tonya Palumbo Courtesy of T&T Photography A scene in “Finding Patience” depicts the founding of a church by Holly Springs’ freed slaves immediately after emancipation. Tonya Palumbo Courtesy of T&T Photography Wake County June 05, 2017 1:00 PM Theater production tells the story of this Wake County town, from slavery to suburbs By Henry Gargan hgargan@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story HOLLY SPRINGS When Angie Staheli arrived in Holly Springs four years ago from Seattle, she wondered how a growing suburban community so overrun by newcomers could still feel so much like the rural crossroads she’d heard it once was. “I lived in a lot of places, and I’ve never been somewhere that felt like this,” Staheli said. “People said they were drawn here. I heard that so much from people, and I wanted to know why.” In a drug store one day, Staheli came across a book that fed her curiosity: an illustrated history of Holly Springs by Barb Koblich, who works in the town clerk’s office and has become the town’s de facto historian. Staheli, a 37-year-old actress and former sociology major, devoured the book and saw an opportunity to share what she’d learned with other transplants in her new town of 33,000 people. Koblich’s book became a key resource for a play Staheli researched, wrote and produced during the next three years. “Finding Patience” begins its 11-show run at the Holly Springs Cultural Center on Monday. The play tells the history of Holly Springs from the 1850s to the present day through the eyes of an emancipated slave, Patience. It touches on divisive issues of slavery, the Civil War, civil rights and gentrification. And it reflects a belief that civility and kindness have made Holly Springs’ present and history special, even in times of racial and political upheaval. I realized that if somebody doesn’t share the history, it’s going to be lost. Angie Staheli, who wrote “Finding Patience” “It just blew me away that someone who isn’t from here could get it right like she did,” said David Adams, a sixth-generation Holly Springs resident whose ancestors are depicted in the play. “It humbles me that someone from the outside could come here and have so much genuine interest and feeling for the town.” facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:28 Fire quickly extinguished in downtown Raleigh warehouse Pause 1:31 Ash trees under attack 1:49 State Superintendent reads for kids 0:50 Gas leak closes section of Glenwood Ave. 1:39 Once homeless, now top of her class, on the way to Stanford 1:48 Habitat for Humanity's "Homebuilders Blitz" kicks off 0:55 Getting dirty and having fun during Mud Day at Walnut Creek Wetland Center 1:19 He was a "functioning alcoholic" for decades, now he runs ultra marathons and credits the sport for his sobriety 0:45 Sinkhole closes westbound Millbrook Road at Shelley Lake 1:46 Panther Creek’s Dr. Camille Hedrick named PTA Principal of the Year Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Theater production tells the story of this Wake County town, from slavery to suburbs “Finding Patience” tells the history of Holly Springs from the 1850s to the present day through the eyes of an emancipated slave, Patience. It touches on divisive issues of slavery, the Civil War, civil rights and gentrification. HSTV-11 Holly Springs’ earliest farms began with grants to settler families from the British crown when North Carolina was still a colony. Missed by the railroad’s first pass through central North Carolina, the humble farming community developed slowly. After the Civil War ended in 1865, many white landowners left to seek fortune elsewhere, leaving freed slaves and their ancestors to till the land. Until the late 1980s, Holly Springs remained a predominantly black community. It wasn’t until the early 1990s that modern plumbing overtook septic tanks and outhouses. A barbershop scene from “Finding Patience” highlights the town’s history of black-owned businesses. Tonya Palumbo Courtesy of T&T Photography “It was forgotten about,” Staheli said of the town. “People skipped over it and went straight to Apex, Cary, Fuquay-Varina. Nobody thought much of it. People forget that they’re living on land where slaves were, and so many people here are from the North that I don’t think it even crosses their mind.” Holly Springs has grown so much over the past couple decades as more families move to the Triangle to work in Raleigh and Research Triangle Park. Staheli said she wants newcomers to engage with the complex and sometimes difficult truths about the land their subdivisions were built on – especially as signs of that past become fewer and farther between. “I spent a lot of time speaking with the people who are old-timers in town, though there are less and less of them every year,” Staheli said. “I realized that if somebody doesn’t share the history, it’s going to be lost.” The Leslies, a prominent Holly Springs farming family, gave their emancipated slaves land along Holly Springs Road after the Civil War, some of which remains in the care of their ancestors, Koblich said. During the last 20 years, much of that land has been bought and developed to serve the needs of Holly Springs’ growing population. “You’ve got somebody who’s had the land in their family for more than 100 years and Walmart wants to come in and buy you out, or they want to widen the street,” Koblich said. “Even though they can go take the money and buy a nice house in Twelve Oaks (subdivision), they’d be losing that final piece of the past.” 80 cast members The play’s scope is ambitious for community theater. It features more than 80 cast members and dozens of other volunteers in various technical and administrative roles. “There is something special about Angie,” said Nicole Meggerson de Martinez, a Holly Springs resident who volunteered her expertise as a publicist. “She’s an incredibly giving, generous and warm person, and anything you give to her, she appreciates. But it’s not only Angie. I think everyone can identify with some aspect of the story.” Staheli, who is white, said she knew she’d have to make every effort to listen with respect and sensitivity to the black residents she consulted for the play, some of them descendents of the slaves “Finding Patience” depicts. “I’ve learned that many of the members of the African-American community in Holly Springs have felt, ‘Gosh, all of this gentrification is coming, and we’re not being included,’ ” Meggerson de Martinez said. “Hopefully this multicultural production will not only welcome them but show them that this is yours, that you’re very much part of this.” “Finding Patience” will begin at 7 p.m. June 5 through June 17, except Tuesday, June 6. Tickets, which cost $19, can be purchased online at hollyspringsnc.us, at the Holly Springs Cultural Center at 300 W. Ballentine St. or by calling 919-567-4000. Gargan: 919-829-4807; @hgargan Layne Marti plays a member of the 26th North Carolina Regiment of the Confederate Army, which comprised many men from Holly Springs. The 26th is famous for its involvement in the Battle of Gettysburg. Gardenia House Photography LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:28 Fire quickly extinguished in downtown Raleigh warehouse Pause 1:31 Ash trees under attack 1:49 State Superintendent reads for kids 0:50 Gas leak closes section of Glenwood Ave. 1:39 Once homeless, now top of her class, on the way to Stanford 1:48 Habitat for Humanity's "Homebuilders Blitz" kicks off 0:55 Getting dirty and having fun during Mud Day at Walnut Creek Wetland Center 1:19 He was a "functioning alcoholic" for decades, now he runs ultra marathons and credits the sport for his sobriety 0:45 Sinkhole closes westbound Millbrook Road at Shelley Lake 1:46 Panther Creek’s Dr. Camille Hedrick named PTA Principal of the Year Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 20 hours ago Fire quickly extinguished in downtown Raleigh warehouse 0:28 20 hours ago Fire quickly extinguished in downtown Raleigh warehouse 1:31 a day ago Ash trees under attack 1:49 2 days ago State Superintendent reads for kids View More Video Wake County Blind Idol hopefuls are visually impaired but overflowing with musical talent What’s in the time capsule buried 50 years ago at North Hills? Find out Thursday He missed graduation rehearsal. Now school says teen can’t take part in ceremony Triangle restaurants make list of best breakfast spots in the U.S. Oberlin Village inches closer to becoming a historic district Wake County Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Subscribe to Magazine Advertise Nominate a Young Gun Suggest an Article Nominate a Sharp Shooter Resources Contact Inkwell Register Here Home Business News Features Archives Young Guns Sharp Shooters Exclusives From the HUB Discover WV Patricia D. “Tricia” Clark June 2, 2017 | Posted In: 2017 Sharp Shooters Equity Member & Tax Partner Suttle & Stalnaker PLLC LinkedIn: Tricia Clark Twitter: @triciaclarkcpa Facebook: Tricia Clark Photo by Rick Lee. By Katlin Swisher Tricia Clark, an equity member and tax partner at Suttle & Stalnaker PLLC, is a lifelong native of Charleston, WV, who wants to do her part in helping her hometown thrive as a bustling community for professionals and families alike. Whether it’s serving on boards for local organizations like the YMCA of Kanawha Valley, Highland Hospital Foundation or MVB Bank or providing leadership to the West Virginia Land and Mineral Owners Association as treasurer, Clark is always looking for ways to move Charleston—and the state—forward. “When deciding on a cause to support, I look at whether it helps my community,” says Clark. “I love Charleston and worry about where we are heading. If you are working to make this area better for children and families, you will get my support.” Growing up in the Knollwood neighborhood, Clark’s parents instilled values of hard work and giving back. Education was a top priority, but they also kept their three daughters active in extracurricular activities, including summer swim programs, winter dance classes, Girl Scouts and church. As a result, Clark’s first job was with her church, Christ Church United Methodist. “My church used to serve lunch after Sunday services, and they employed the youth to work as wait staff. I learned many valuable lessons, including how to plan and set up for the expected number and how to manage the overall food service process,” she says. “Those small earnings are still reflected on my annual Social Security benefit statement, and it always makes me smile.” Today, Clark serves Christ Church as a member of the finance and liturgical committees as well as the board of trustees. She has also held leadership positions with the YWCA, Junior League of Charleston and Clay Center for the Arts and Sciences. “There are several reasons why it’s important for me to give back,” says Clark. “First, as a Christian, the scripture passage from Luke, which reads ‘to whom much is given, much will be required,’ is always in my head. I also remember at my dad’s retirement party he said he had lived his life serving God, his family and his fellow man. My dad died about three months later, and those words echo in my head. At the end of my road on this earth, I want to know I lived my life that way, too.” Among her many volunteer placements focused on at-risk children, she also served as the co-chair of Whale of a Sale, a day-long, second-hand sale at the Charleston Civic Center. Before the days of Walmart and consignment stores, this sale of clothing, furniture and home goods made it easy for the community to shop affordably. Starting her career at Simpson & Osborne, the CPAs pushed Clark to learn all she could, a sentiment she now shares as a mentor. “They were quick to teach and ready to listen if I had a concern, and they never held back when I needed constructive criticism,” she says. “I learned from them not only how to be a trusted advisor but also how to be an effective leader.” Clark has also made an effort to be a role model and mentor for her daughter, her daughter’s friends and the athletes she coached in the Charleston Church Recreation Association basketball league. “It has helped me understand what issues young people face today,” she says. “I try to offer coping tools to help them get through these issues.” At the end of the day, it’s her love for her home state that keeps her motivated. “Knowing that people need the knowledge I have and that I can help more people if I keep at it keeps me going,” says Clark. “I am always trying to figure out how to help our economy. I believe we all have a responsibility in fixing the problems in our communities and our state.” 1988 Graduated from West Virginia University with a BS in accounting 1989 Received a master’s degree in professional accounting from WVU 1989 Joined Simpson & Osborne, CPAs, AC as a staff accountant 2000 Named a partner at Simpson & Osborne 2001 Named president of the Junior League of Charleston 2008 Joined the team at Suttle & Stalnaker PLLC 2009 Graduated from Leadership West Virginia 2014 Named chair of the board of the YMCA of Kanawha Valley Share This Article Related News About Author West Virginia Executive (2) Readers Comments Mary Warner Cook June 2, 2017 at 10:53 am Congrats, Tricia. Very deserving!! Reply Rev. David Peters June 3, 2017 at 10:24 am "I know her!" Congratulations are due to you! I knew you when ..... Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment (required) Name (required) Email (required) Website Current Issue Current Issue Read Issue Subscribe to magazine Suggest an article Advertise Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Linked In Pinterest Google Plus Advertise In order for your business to grow, you have to be seen—but not by just anyone. You need to be seen by the decision makers in West Virginia. We take the guess work out of building brand awareness so you can do what you do best—business in West Virginia. Advertise with Us Pages Subscribe to Magazine Advertise Nominate a Young Gun Suggest an Article Nominate a Sharp Shooter Resources Contact Inkwell Register Here © 2004-2016 Executive Ink, All Rights Reserved | PO Box 6277 - Charleston, WV 25362 | 304-941-0600
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman SDI Realty Announces Re-Development of Bellaire Town Center into New 72,000 SF Retail Destination BELLAIRE, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–SDI Realty Advisors, a retail real estate development and investment management firm with properties across Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana, is pleased to announce that construction has commenced on the re-development of Bellaire Town Center. The current 39,000 SF one-level retail center will increase to 72,000 SF over two levels when the project is complete in 2018. “We are pleased to re-develop Bellaire Town Center into a mixed-use center that will draw new and exciting retailers and restaurants to one of Houston’s premier neighborhoods,” says Charlie Shears, co-founder and managing partner, at SDI Realty. The two-story center, located at the corner of South Rice and Bellaire Blvd, will feature a ground level restaurant, retail space, service and boutique office space. Construction of the first building in Phase 1 is slated for completion by January 2018, with the second and third buildings in Phase 2 anticipated by the Fall of 2018. Tenants of the new center will benefit from numerous monument signage opportunities on one of Houston’s main east-west thoroughfares and 265 parking spaces. Tenants of the center will also benefit from additional traffic visiting HEB’s new store opening in Fall 2017, located just 0.2 miles away. Since 1997, SDI Realty Advisors has-co developed more than 60 Lowe’s Home Improvement stores and 23 Wal-Mart operations. In addition, SDI has worked with other retailers such as JC Penney, Kroger, TJ Maxx, Ross Dress for Less, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Academy, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Pier 1, Cost Plus, Michaels, Office Depot, DSW, Ulta, Petsmart, Petco, Darden Restaurants, Gamestop, Radio Shack, Verizon, Chipotle, Five Guys and many more. “We envision a great opportunity for the restaurant and business community of Bellaire to prosper in a new and improved Bellaire Town Center,” adds Ken Delery, co-founding partner of SDI Realty Advisors. “And, we are eager to bring these visions to life.” For more information about available retail and office space for lease in SDI Realty’s Bellaire Town Center, please visit www.edge-re.com or contact Lauren Heimann at (713) 900-3026. SDI Realty Advisors is a privately-owned retail real estate investment firm founded in 1997 based in Houston, Texas. SDI Realty has 5 developments currently underway in Texas and Louisiana. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Record Catastrophic Claims in Western Canada Stress Home Insurers, J.D. Power Finds Next PostNext El tratamiento en combinación de Darzalex®▼ (daratumumab) mejora los resultados clínicos independientemente del riesgo citogenético para pacientes con mieloma múltiple no tratados con anterioridad Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Automotive E-tailing Global Market Expected To Reach $57.89 Billion With 13.6% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Automotive E-tailing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Automotive E-tailing Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Automotive E-tailing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Automotive E-tailing market is estimated at $26.82 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $57.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.6% from 2016 to 2022. Some of the prominent drivers that the market is witnessing include growing demand for Omni-channel insights, rising popularity of e-commerce, independent access to online trade portals and convenience of online shopping. Moreover, favourable government regulations and increasing vehicle-age in circulation provides huge growth opportunity for the market. However, online payment frauds, lack of immediate product possession and growing consumer scepticism towards product quality are some factors hindering the market growth. Amongst Vendor Type, third party vendor segment registered significant growth owing to availability of broad range of products including features such as price comparison, customer reviews, and discounts. Asia-Pacific commanded the largest market share in the global market. The growth in this region is due to increasing trend of online shopping and rising vehicle sales. In addition, many OEMs have setup production facilities making India and China as the emerging markets for automobile sales and therefore making APAC as the largest market for the automotive E-tailing. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1306439-automotive-e-tailing-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Advance Auto Parts, Inc., Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Amazon.Com, Inc., Autozone, Inc., Delticom AG., Ebay Inc., Flipkart, O’reilly Automotive Inc., Robert Bosch GmbH and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Product Labels Covered: • Counterfeit Label • Genuine Label Vendor Types Covered: • Third Party Vendor • OEM Vendor Components Covered: • Engine Components • Electrical Products • Infotainment and Multimedia • Tires and Wheel • Interior Accessories Vehicle Types Covered: • Two Wheeler • Commercial Vehicle • Passenger Car Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1306439-automotive-e-tailing-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1306439 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Organize Your Way to Success this School Year Next PostNext IIROC Trading Halt / Suspension de la négociation par l’OCRCVM – DSR.WT Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Automotive E-tailing Global Market Expected To Reach $57.89 Billion With 13.6% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Automotive E-tailing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Automotive E-tailing Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Automotive E-tailing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Automotive E-tailing market is estimated at $26.82 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $57.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.6% from 2016 to 2022. Some of the prominent drivers that the market is witnessing include growing demand for Omni-channel insights, rising popularity of e-commerce, independent access to online trade portals and convenience of online shopping. Moreover, favourable government regulations and increasing vehicle-age in circulation provides huge growth opportunity for the market. However, online payment frauds, lack of immediate product possession and growing consumer scepticism towards product quality are some factors hindering the market growth. Amongst Vendor Type, third party vendor segment registered significant growth owing to availability of broad range of products including features such as price comparison, customer reviews, and discounts. Asia-Pacific commanded the largest market share in the global market. The growth in this region is due to increasing trend of online shopping and rising vehicle sales. In addition, many OEMs have setup production facilities making India and China as the emerging markets for automobile sales and therefore making APAC as the largest market for the automotive E-tailing. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1306439-automotive-e-tailing-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Advance Auto Parts, Inc., Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Amazon.Com, Inc., Autozone, Inc., Delticom AG., Ebay Inc., Flipkart, O’reilly Automotive Inc., Robert Bosch GmbH and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Product Labels Covered: • Counterfeit Label • Genuine Label Vendor Types Covered: • Third Party Vendor • OEM Vendor Components Covered: • Engine Components • Electrical Products • Infotainment and Multimedia • Tires and Wheel • Interior Accessories Vehicle Types Covered: • Two Wheeler • Commercial Vehicle • Passenger Car Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1306439-automotive-e-tailing-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1306439 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Organize Your Way to Success this School Year Next PostNext IIROC Trading Halt / Suspension de la négociation par l’OCRCVM – DSR.WT Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Automotive E-tailing Global Market Expected To Reach $57.89 Billion With 13.6% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Automotive E-tailing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Automotive E-tailing Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Automotive E-tailing -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Automotive E-tailing market is estimated at $26.82 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $57.89 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 13.6% from 2016 to 2022. Some of the prominent drivers that the market is witnessing include growing demand for Omni-channel insights, rising popularity of e-commerce, independent access to online trade portals and convenience of online shopping. Moreover, favourable government regulations and increasing vehicle-age in circulation provides huge growth opportunity for the market. However, online payment frauds, lack of immediate product possession and growing consumer scepticism towards product quality are some factors hindering the market growth. Amongst Vendor Type, third party vendor segment registered significant growth owing to availability of broad range of products including features such as price comparison, customer reviews, and discounts. Asia-Pacific commanded the largest market share in the global market. The growth in this region is due to increasing trend of online shopping and rising vehicle sales. In addition, many OEMs have setup production facilities making India and China as the emerging markets for automobile sales and therefore making APAC as the largest market for the automotive E-tailing. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1306439-automotive-e-tailing-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Advance Auto Parts, Inc., Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, Amazon.Com, Inc., Autozone, Inc., Delticom AG., Ebay Inc., Flipkart, O’reilly Automotive Inc., Robert Bosch GmbH and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Product Labels Covered: • Counterfeit Label • Genuine Label Vendor Types Covered: • Third Party Vendor • OEM Vendor Components Covered: • Engine Components • Electrical Products • Infotainment and Multimedia • Tires and Wheel • Interior Accessories Vehicle Types Covered: • Two Wheeler • Commercial Vehicle • Passenger Car Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1306439-automotive-e-tailing-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1306439 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Organize Your Way to Success this School Year Next PostNext IIROC Trading Halt / Suspension de la négociation par l’OCRCVM – DSR.WT Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Digital Trends Home > Gaming > The PlayStation VR headset passes 1 million mark… The PlayStation VR headset passes 1 million mark in units sold By Gabe Gurwin — Updated June 5, 2017 8:46 am Subscribe Share Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends The 50 best NES games of all time Here are the top 25 games that made the SNES, well, super Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you With plenty of other players to compete against, now is a great time to pick up PlayStation VR. Sony has managed to sell more than 1 million PlayStation VR headsets since the accessory first launched in October 2016. The news comes shortly after the release of Farpoint, a science-fiction shooter with a full-length campaign, as well as the excellent PlayStation VR Aim controller. “We would not describe 1 million units the same as mass adoption,” said PlayStation global sales and marketing head Jim Ryan in an interview with Business Insider.” But we would call it a good start.” Back in February, Sony admitted that it was surprised with how well PlayStation VR had been selling. At the time, that add-on had sold more than 900,000 units, which appeared to be significantly higher than the competing HTC Vive and Oculus Rift headsets. Both are significantly more expensive than PlayStation VR, with the Rift typically retailing for $600 while the Vive costs $800. By contrast, PlayStation VR only costs $400 and only requires a standard PlayStation 4 console in order to play. As with many new gaming devices, PlayStation VR suffered from a supply shortage for its first few months on the market, but this seems to have been resolved — walk into your local Target or Walmart and you’re all but guaranteed to find a few of them sitting on the shelves. Along with the PlayStation VR news, Sony revealed that it’s approaching 60 million PlayStation 4 consoles sold, and that since the launch of the PlayStation 4 Pro back in November, it has accounted for about 20 percent of all PlayStation 4 units sold. Though the console is capable of playing some games in 4K and adds support for 60 frames per second in others, its technical specifications are less impressive than Microsoft’s upcoming Project Scorpio — the updated Xbox One will support native 4K gaming and will be fully compatible with all existing Xbox One games. If you haven’t yet picked up a PlayStation 4, we suggest waiting until Friday, June 9. Sony is holding a “Days of Play” sale that will drop the console’s price to $250, and the system will come in a sleek gold color.
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Magazine Current Issue Digital Edition Archives HVACR Directory Subscribe Market Sectors Residential Market Light Commercial Market Commercial Market Refrigeration Indoor Air Quality Ventilation Components & Accessories Residential Controls Commercial Controls Testing, Monitoring, Tools Services, Apps & Software Standards & Legislation Extra Edition Service & Maintenance Technical Business Management Web Exclusive News Breaking News FYI Newsline Distributor Center Green Building Service Market New Construction Market Training & Education Products HVACR Directory What's New Product Gallery Columns Opinions Editors Blog Guest Blog The Coach's Blog Guest Column Exclusives Energy Management Calendar of Events Regulatory Update Manufacturer Reports Regional Reports Training Track Learning Center Dot Comment HVACR Cartoon Online Poll The NEWS HVACR Quiz More HVACR Directory The NEWS eNewsletter FROSTlines Classifieds Market Research Custom Content & Marketing Services HVACR Industry Store eProduct Info Editorial Calendar & Editor Assignments Sponsor Insights Multimedia Videos AHR 2017 videos Podcasts Photo Gallery Interactive Spotlights Webinars eBooks NEWS app Contact Advertise Home » Axiom Energy’s Refrigeration Battery Wins American Business Award Refrigeration Axiom Energy’s Refrigeration Battery Wins American Business Award Thermal energy storage provides supermarkets with long-duration load shifting June 5, 2017 KEYWORDS supermarket refrigeration / thermal energy storage Reprints No Comments Axiom Energy has been honored with a Gold Stevie® Award for Energy Innovation in the 15th annual American Business Awards. The award recognized Axiom for its Refrigeration Battery, one of which is operating at a Whole Foods Market in Los Altos, California. According to Axiom Energy, other Refrigeration Batteries are scheduled for installation at a Walmart store in San Diego and planned for utilization by Con Edison in its Brooklyn and Queens New York territories. The Refrigeration Battery is designed to leverage the existing cooling systems already in place at grocery stores to help reduce their energy use. The battery stores cooling at night by freezing tanks of salt water when energy costs are low. Then, when electricity prices peak during the afternoon, the battery discharges to provide uninterrupted cooling services. This story requires a subscription to ACHR News. Subscribe Already a Subscriber? Register your Subscription or Login Below. Your Email: Login Purchase a Subscription Subscriptions as low as $15.00 (digital) or $59.00 (print). Privacy Policy Related Articles Axiom Raises Funds to Meet Demand for Energy Storage in Refrigeration Axiom to Install $5 Million Worth of Energy Storage at Grocery Stores in NYC Axiom Exergy Granted Patent for Direct Expansion Thermal Energy Storage NASRC Dedicated to the Future of Natural Refrigerants Related Products Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Technology, 8th Edition Preparing for the EPA Refrigerant Recovery Certification Exam DVD Uncomplicating The Heat Pump: Refrigeration & Air Flow Systems DVD HVAC and Refrigeration Preventive Maintenance Related Events Air Conditioner Installation Optimization Training Air Conditioner Installation Optimization Training Air Conditioner Installation Optimization Training Air Conditioner Installation Optimization Training Related Directories American Refrigeration Supplies Inc. Refrigeration Solutions Inc. S. G. Torrice Co. Inc. Mitsubishi Electric US Cooling & Heating Div. Subscription Center Subscribe Online Registration E-Newsletters Subscription Customer Service Mobile App More Videos Sponsored Content Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the ACHR News audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep. Close Sponsored By Embraco Hydrocarbons: The Future of the Refrigeration Industry New legislation is leading to the adoption of natural refrigerants in commercial and light commercial equipment. Read on to learn more about hydrocarbons and the benefits this natural refrigerant provides. Events November 17, 2016 Whole Building Control: From Concept to Reality Now On Demand Credits: 1 AIA LU & 0.1 IACET CEU During this webinar, HVAC professionals will learn about recent developments of modern-day, advanced systems that have empowered innovative building management and offer whole building control. December 6, 2016 How to Take Control of Sales by Competing Outside the Box Now On Demand In this webinar, our expert speaker will discuss how contractors can leverage the performance advantages of advanced HVAC equipment to win over customers and boost sales. View All Submit An Event Poll Paris Climate Agreement Do you agree with President Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement? Yes No View Results Poll Archive Products "More & New" HVAC Spells Wealth - book See More Products ACHRNEWS 2017 June 5 Check out the weekly edition of The NEWS today! View More Subscribe Resources Submit a Letter Submit a Press Release Mechanical Group List Rental Reprints eProduct Info Privacy Policy Want More? Connect Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Digital Commerce Platform Market Opportunities, Key Players, Size, Share, Trend, Segmentation, Analysis & Forecast 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, June 5, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — This report studies the global Digital Commerce Platform market, analyzes and researches the Digital Commerce Platform development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/912690-global-digital-commerce-platform-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Alibaba Ebay Amazom Jingdong Lotte Apple Xiaomi Suning Dell Walmart Netflix Bestbuy IKEA Newegg Overstock Sky.com Ticketmaster Gamestop Gap Autotrader Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Digital Commerce Platform can be split into Business-to-Consumer (B2C) Business-to-Business (B2B) Consumer-to-Business (C2B) Consumer-to-Consumer (C2C) Market segment by Application, Digital Commerce Platform can be split into BFSI Retail IT and Telecommunication Airline and Travel Others Make an enquiry of this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/912690-global-digital-commerce-platform-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents Global Digital Commerce Platform Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Digital Commerce Platform 1.1 Digital Commerce Platform Market Overview 1.1.1 Digital Commerce Platform Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Digital Commerce Platform Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Digital Commerce Platform Market by Type 1.3.1 Business-to-Consumer (B2C) 1.3.2 Business-to-Business (B2B) 1.3.3 Consumer-to-Business (C2B) 1.3.4 Consumer-to-Consumer (C2C) 1.4 Digital Commerce Platform Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 BFSI 1.4.2 Retail 1.4.3 IT and Telecommunication 1.4.4 Airline and Travel 1.4.5 Others 2 Global Digital Commerce Platform Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Digital Commerce Platform Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Alibaba 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Ebay 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Amazom 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Jingdong 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Lotte 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Apple 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Xiaomi 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Suning 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Dell 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Walmart 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Digital Commerce Platform Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 3.11 Netflix 3.12 Bestbuy 3.13 IKEA 3.14 Newegg 3.15 Overstock 3.16 Sky.com 3.17 Ticketmaster 3.18 Gamestop 3.19 Gap 3.20 Autotrader 4 Global Digital Commerce Platform Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Digital Commerce Platform Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Digital Commerce Platform Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Digital Commerce Platform in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Digital Commerce Platform 5 United States Digital Commerce Platform Development Status and Outlook 5.1 United States Digital Commerce Platform Market Size (2012-2017) 5.2 United States Digital Commerce Platform Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=912690 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Residential Security Monitoring Recurring Revenue Market 2017 Analysis, Opportunities And Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Russia Hysteroscopes Market Outlook to 2023 Search Recent Posts Former Secretary of the Air Force, Deborah Lee James, Appointed to Special Advisory Role at Bain & Company Global Parenteral Packaging Market anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 11.2% during 2016-2026 Two Wheeler Lighting Market Report 2017 explores Unitech, Koito, Varroc Lighting, Hella, Federal Mogul, Stanley and so on Global Agar Market will surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Global Aloe Vera Extracts Market revenues will surpass US$ 3.3 Bn by 2026 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Best Buy Compares Favorably To Walmart, But Is 'Much Cheaper' Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 05, 2017 11:48am   Comments Share: Related BBY 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Monday 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday Related WMT Forget Trump Or Congress, Amazon May Be The Biggest Threat To Drug Pricing The $5.7 Billion Defamation Lawsuit Disney's ABC Is Fighting In A Small South Dakota Town The Vetr community has upgraded $WMT to 3.5-Stars. (Vetr) Investors looking for exposure to the retail sector may have been scared to invest in Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE: BBY) amid the growing competition from both online and brick-and-mortar peers. But this shouldn't be the case, at least according to analysts at Loop Capital Markets. Loop Capital's Anthony Chukumba maintains a Buy rating on Best Buy's stock with a price target boosted from $64 to $72. Chukumba said the company has now proven itself to no longer be a "secularly challenged retailer." Best Buy Is More Like Walmart, Less Like GameStop Best Buy shouldn't be grouped in the same category as troubled retailers, including GameStop Corp. (NYSE: GME), Chukumba argued. Instead, Best Buy should be viewed as a retailer that boasts a market leading status although with a slow growth profile. Other retailers that offer a similar profile such as Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ: COST) and Home Depot Inc (NYSE: HD) are trading in a range of 18x to 31x consensus fiscal 2017 diluted earnings per share while Best Buy's stock is trading at a multiple of less than 15x. Chukumba also compared Best Buy's stock to Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT)'s stock which is one of the least expensive retailers. Best Buy compares favorably to Walmart across many metrics, including a much better operating margin expansion and earnings growth profile over the past few quarters, Chukumba emphasized. As such, at the very least Best Buy's stock should trade-line with Walmart's multiple which stands at 18.3x. As such, the analyst's revised price target of $72 per share implies a multiple of 18.0x on his 2017 diluted earnings per share estimate. Related Links: Amazon's Secret Weapon To Winning In Retail, According To Jim Cramer Best Buy Shares Soar 14% On Better-Than-Expected Q1 _______ Image Credit: By Michael Rivera (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for BBY Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Bank of America Upgrades Neutral Buy Mar 2017 PiperJaffray Upgrades Neutral Overweight Feb 2017 Bernstein Initiates Coverage On Underperform View More Analyst Ratings for BBY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Anthony Chukumba Loop Capital Markets retail earningsAnalyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (COST + BBY) Politics' Push And Pull On The Alcohol Industry 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Monday The Retail Demise: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday Vetr Issues Downgrade To Hold On Costco Market Exits Memorial Day Weekend Near Record High With Econ Data Incoming View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on BBY Trending Recent 1 PTCT, AMRI: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 X, VCEL: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 GIII, CVGW: 10 Stocks To Watch For June 6, 2017 4 EPZM, AMGN: Notes From ASCO 2017: Tesaro, Amgen, Others... 5 GOOG, AMZN: Even If Apple's New Products... 6 RRC, CHK: Jim Cramer Gives His Opin... 7 XLE, USO: What Is Backwarda... 1 DLTH, EXAS: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday 2 FB, GOOG: Strategist: FANG Stocks Can Still Grow In A Sluggish Economy 3 CNSL, CARA: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday 4 INVT, DRWI: Mid-Day Market Update: Crude Oil Down 4.5%... 5 WINS: Wins Finance Up 100%: Is This A Normal... 6 IMAX: Analyst Gives IMAX Two Thumbs Down... 7 ABX, GLD: Will Barrick Finally Join... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products B-Dubs' Boardroom Brouhaha: What To Do With The Stock Now? When The Financial Sector Fuels Its Political Enemies
